--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
17 APRIL 2025 
J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability in The Netherlands) 
as Issuer 
JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC 
(incorporated with limited liability in the State of Delaware, United States of America) 
as Issuer 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
(a national banking association organised under the laws of the United States of America) 
as Issuer and as Guarantor in respect of Securities 
issued by 
J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
(incorporated in the State of Delaware, United States of America) 
as Issuer and as Guarantor in respect of Securities 
issued by 
JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC 
Structured Securities Programme for the issuance 
of 
Notes, Warrants and Certificates
Arranger and Dealer for the Programme 
J.P. Morgan

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
INTRODUCTION TO THIS DOCUMENT 
The Securities, the Guarantees and, in certain instances, the securities to be delivered upon redemption 
or exercise of the Securities, if any, have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and trading in the Securities and the Guarantees have not been approved by the U.S. Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended 
(the "Commodity Exchange Act"). The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee (as defined below) have not been and will not be registered under 
the rules of the U.S. Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the "OCC"). Subject to certain 
exceptions, the Securities may not be offered, sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised 
or redeemed at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person 
that is not an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer. Hedging transactions 
involving "equity securities" of "domestic issuers" (as each such term is defined in the Securities Act and 
regulations thereunder) may be conducted only in compliance with the Securities Act, and hedging 
transactions must be conducted only in compliance with the Commodity Exchange Act. 
What is this document? 
This document (referred to as the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a "base prospectus" for the purposes 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) relating to the Securities (as described below) other 
than for Exempt Securities (as described below). This Base Prospectus, including the documents 
incorporated by reference into it, is intended to provide investors with information necessary to enable 
them to make an informed investment decision before purchasing Securities. It is valid for 12 months 
after its approval and will expire on 17 April 2026. This Base Prospectus replaces the December 2024 
Base Prospectus. It may be supplemented from time to time to reflect any significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in it. The obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to the information included in it does not apply when such Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Securities" are to Securities for which no prospectus is 
required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
Who are the Issuers and the Guarantors of the Securities? 
The Securities will be issued by one of (i) JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC, (ii) J.P. Morgan 
Structured Products B.V., (iii) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and (iv) JPMorgan Chase & Co. The relevant 
"Issue Terms" document (as described below) will specify which of these companies is the Issuer of the 
relevant Securities. Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC will be guaranteed 
by JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the "JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee"). Securities issued by J.P. 
Morgan Structured Products B.V. will be guaranteed by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the "JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee") (each of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee and the JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. Guarantee, a "Guarantee" and together, the "Guarantees"). Securities issued by JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. will not be the subject of a guarantee.  
The Securities are unsecured and unsubordinated general obligations of the relevant Issuer (and, if 
applicable, the relevant Guarantor). All payments or deliveries to be made by the relevant Issuer (and, if 
applicable, the relevant Guarantor) under the Securities are subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer 
(and, if applicable, the relevant Guarantor). The potential return on and value of the Securities will be 
adversely affected in the event of a default or deterioration in the financial position of the relevant Issuer 
(and, if applicable, the relevant Guarantor). The registration document for each Issuer which is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, together with other information provided in this 
Base Prospectus, provides a description of each Issuer's business activities as well as certain financial 
information and material risks faced by each Issuer. 
What are the Securities? 
The relevant Issuer may issue Securities in the form of any of (i) Warrants (ii) Certificates and (iii) Notes 
(all of which are referred to as "Securities") under the Structured Securities Programme for the issuance 
of Notes, Warrants and Certificates (the "Programme"). Securities may (a) have any maturity (save that 
any Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. will not have a maturity of less than one year from the 
date of their issue), (b) be listed and traded on a regulated (or other) market, or not listed or traded, (c)

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
be unrated or rated, (d) be non-interest bearing or bear fixed or floating rate interest or other variable 
interest, (e) have interest and/or redemption amounts which are dependent on the performance of one or 
more "Reference Assets" (as described below), (f) be settled by way of cash payment or physical delivery 
and (g) provide that the scheduled amount payable could be as low as zero or else provide some level of 
minimum scheduled amount payable at maturity (subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and, if 
applicable, the relevant Guarantor). Notwithstanding the foregoing, JPMCFC (as defined herein) will not 
issue Securities in the form of Warrants and Securities issued by JPMCFC will not be subject to physical 
delivery. 
In addition, the relevant Issuer may issue "Green Securities", "Social Securities" and/or "Sustainability 
Securities" (collectively, "Sustainable Securities") under the Programme, as described in the section 
entitled "Information relating to Sustainable Securities" of this Base Prospectus. 
What are the Reference Assets? 
The return on the Securities may be dependent on the performance of one or more "Reference Assets". 
The types of Reference Assets to which Securities issued under the Programme may be linked are (i) a 
share or a depositary receipt (ii) a share index, (iii) an exchange traded fund ("ETF"), (iv) a mutual fund. 
(v) a commodity, (vi) a commodity index, (vii) a foreign exchange rate, (viii) an interest rate or swap 
rate or any other rate, (ix) the credit risk of a reference entity and (x) one or more or any combination of 
the above. The relevant Issuer is under no obligation to hold a Reference Asset, and Holders of Securities 
will have no beneficial interest or any other rights in relation to any Reference Assets. 
What are Final Terms? 
A "Final Terms" document will be prepared in relation to each tranche of Securities (other than Exempt 
Securities) and sets out the specific details of the Securities. For example, the Final Terms will contain 
the issue date, the maturity date, the Reference Asset(s) to which the Securities are linked and specify 
the applicable "Payout Conditions" (or, if applicable, "Credit Linked Provisions") used to calculate the 
redemption amount and any interest/coupon payments (if applicable).  
In addition, an issue-specific summary will be annexed to the Final Terms for each issuance of Securities 
(other than Exempt Securities). Each issue-specific summary will contain a summary of key information 
relating to the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor (if applicable), the Securities, the risks relating to 
the Issuer and the Securities, and the offer of Securities.  
You should read the applicable Final Terms, together with this Base Prospectus (including the 
information incorporated by reference in it), before deciding to purchase any Securities. 
What are Pricing Supplements? 
A "Pricing Supplement" document will be prepared in relation to each issuance or tranche of Exempt 
Securities, and sets out the specific details of the Exempt Securities. For example, the Pricing Supplement 
will contain the issue date, the maturity date, the Reference Asset(s) to which the Exempt Securities are 
linked and specify the applicable "Payout Conditions" (or, if applicable, "Credit Linked Provisions") (or 
directly set out the payout terms) used to calculate the redemption amount and any interest/coupon 
payments. You should read the applicable Pricing Supplement, together with this Base Prospectus 
(including information incorporated by reference in it), before deciding to purchase any Exempt 
Securities. 
What are Issue Terms? 
"Issue Terms" means either (i) where the Securities are not Exempt Securities, the applicable Final Terms 
or (ii) where the Securities are Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
What documents should I read before purchasing Securities? 
You should read the applicable Issue Terms, together with this Base Prospectus (including the 
information incorporated by reference in it), before deciding to purchase any Securities. 
This Base Prospectus will be supplemented and replaced after the date hereof from time to time. If you 
purchase Securities after the date of the applicable Issue Terms, you should review the most recent

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
version (if any) of this Base Prospectus and each supplement thereafter up to (and including) the date of 
purchase to ensure that you have the most up to date information on the Issuer and (if applicable) the 
relevant Guarantor on which to base your investment decision (note that the terms and conditions of the 
Securities will remain as described in the applicable Issue Terms and the version of the Base Prospectus 
described in the Issue Terms, subject to any amendments notified to Holders). Each supplement and 
replacement version (if any) to the Base Prospectus can be found on (www.luxse.com) and 
(https://sp.jpmorgan.com/spweb/index.html). 
What are the principal risks? 
An investment in Securities is subject to a number of risks, as described in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" below.  
Securities are speculative investments, and returns may at times be volatile and losses may occur quickly 
and in unanticipated magnitude. Depending on the particular "Payout Conditions" (as described in this 
Base Prospectus and as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), you may bear the risk of losing some or 
up to all of your investment depending on the performance of the Reference Asset(s) to which your 
Securities are linked.  
Even if the relevant Securities provide for a minimum scheduled amount payable at maturity, you could 
still lose some or up to all of your investment where (i) the relevant Issuer (and, if applicable, the relevant 
Guarantor) becomes insolvent or otherwise fails to meet its payment (or delivery) obligations under the 
Securities, (ii) you are able to sell your Securities prior to maturity (which may not be the case, as there 
may not be a secondary market for them), but the amount you receive is less than what you paid for them, 
(iii) your Securities are redeemed or terminated by the relevant Issuer prior to maturity due to the 
occurrence of one or more specified events as provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, and 
the amount you receive on such early redemption or termination is less than what you paid for the 
Securities or (iv) the terms and conditions of your Securities are unilaterally adjusted by the relevant 
Issuer due to the occurrence of one or more specified events as described in the terms and conditions of 
the Securities, resulting in a reduced return.  
You should not acquire any Securities unless you (whether by yourself or in conjunction with your 
financial adviser) understand the nature of the relevant Securities and the extent of your exposure to 
potential loss on the Securities, and any investment in Securities must be consistent with your overall 
investment strategy. You (whether by yourself or in conjunction with your financial adviser) should 
consider carefully whether the particular Securities are suitable for you in the light of your investment 
objectives, financial capabilities and expertise. You should consult your own legal, tax, accountancy, 
regulatory, investment and other professional advisers as may be required to assist you in determining 
the suitability of the Securities for you as an investment.  
You should read, in particular, the sections of this Base Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" and 
"Commonly Asked Questions" for important information prior to making any decision to purchase 
Securities. 
The Securities, the Guarantees and, in certain instances, the securities to be delivered upon redemption 
or exercise of the Securities, if any, have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and 
trading in the Securities and the Guarantees have not been approved by the CFTC under the Commodity 
Exchange Act. The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the rules of the OCC. Subject to certain 
exceptions, the Securities may not be offered, sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised 
or redeemed at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person 
that is not an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer. Hedging transactions 
involving "equity securities" of "domestic issuers" (as each such term is defined in the Securities Act and 
regulations thereunder) may be conducted only in compliance with the Securities Act, and hedging 
transactions may be conducted only in compliance with the Commodity Exchange Act. 
Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer under the 
Securities 
Under the terms and conditions of the Securities, following the occurrence of certain events outside of 
the control of JPMorgan Chase (as defined below), the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer may exercise

--- Page 5 ---
v 
discretion to take one or more of the actions available to it in order to deal with the impact of such event 
on the Securities or (if applicable) the Issuer's hedging arrangements. Any such discretionary 
determinations could have a material adverse impact on the value of and return on the Securities. An 
overview of the potential for discretionary determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer under 
the Securities is provided in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Overview of the Potential for 
Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer". 
Status of the Securities 
The Securities are unsecured and unsubordinated general obligations of the relevant Issuer and 
not of any affiliate of that Issuer.  
Status of the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee 
The JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee is an unsecured and unsubordinated general 
obligation of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and not of any of its affiliates. 
Status of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee  
The JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee is an unsecured and unsubordinated general obligation of 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and not of any of its affiliates. 
Status of the Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. Guarantee 
The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Guarantee: (i) are not savings accounts or deposits of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or any bank or 
non-bank subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.; and (ii) will rank pari passu with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. except obligations, 
including U.S. domestic deposits of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., that are subject to any priorities 
or preferences by law. 
Status of the Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
Guarantee 
The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee: (i) 
are not savings accounts or deposits of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any bank or non-bank subsidiary 
of JPMorgan Chase & Co., and (ii) will rank pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness of JPMorgan Chase & Co., except obligations that are subject to any 
priorities or preferences by law. 
Neither the Securities nor the relevant Guarantee are covered by any deposit insurance protection 
scheme 
Neither the Securities nor the relevant Guarantee are deposits insured by the U.S. Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC"), the U.S. Deposit Insurance Fund or any other governmental 
agency or instrumentality, in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. 
Offering restrictions in the European Economic Area 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent that sub-paragraph 
(ii) below may apply, any offer of Securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area 
(each, a "Member State") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Securities. Accordingly, any 
person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of Securities which are the 
subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation to the offer of those Securities may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the Issuer or the Dealers to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State and (in either

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
case) published, all in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by Final Terms which specify that offers may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that Member State and 
such offer is made on or prior to the date specified for such purpose in such prospectus or Final 
Terms, as applicable. Except to the extent that sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, none of the 
Issuers, Guarantors or the Dealers have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer 
of Securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises pursuant to the EU Prospectus 
Regulation for the Issuer or the Dealers to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, 
the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the European Economic 
Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation.  
Notwithstanding the above paragraph, in the case where the Issue Terms in respect of any 
Securities does not specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" to be not applicable but 
where the Dealer subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation in respect of such Securities, then following such publication, the prohibition 
on the offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the 
European Economic Area as described in the above paragraph and in such legend shall no longer 
apply. 
Offering restrictions in the United Kingdom 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Securities in the United 
Kingdom will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Securities, where "UK Prospectus Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA") and regulations made thereunder. 
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in the United Kingdom of Securities 
which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation to the offer of those Securities may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealers to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
None of the Issuers, Guarantors or the Dealers have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making 
of any offer of Securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises pursuant to section 85 of 
the FSMA or the UK Prospectus Regulation for the Issuer or the Dealers to publish or supplement 
a prospectus for such offer. 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
Notwithstanding the above paragraph, in the case where the Issue Terms in respect of any 
Securities does not specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" to be not applicable but 
where the Dealer subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation in respect of such Securities, then following such publication, the prohibition 
on the offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the United 
Kingdom as described in the above paragraph and in such legend shall no longer apply. 
Certain U.S. restrictions and other disclosure 
The Securities, the Guarantees and, in certain instances, the securities to be delivered upon redemption 
or exercise of the Securities, if any, have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and 
trading in the Securities and the Guarantees has not been approved by CFTC under the Commodity 
Exchange Act. The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the rules of the OCC.  
The Securities are being offered and sold only to non-U.S. Persons in offshore transactions in accordance 
with Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. and the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee may also be offered or sold in reliance upon 
the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 3(a)(2) 
thereof and will be offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
OCC (including, in the case of offers or sales outside the United States, in compliance with Regulation 
S as such regulation is incorporated into the regulations of the OCC pursuant to 12 C.F.R. Section 
16.5(g)).  
The Securities may not be offered, sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised or redeemed 
at any time within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of any U.S. Person; provided, 
however, that this restriction shall not apply to a U.S. Person that is an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 
under the Securities Act) of the Issuer. Hedging transactions involving "equity securities" of "domestic 
issuers" (as each such term is defined in the Securities Act and regulations thereunder) may be conducted 
only in compliance with the Securities Act, and hedging transactions must be conducted only in 
compliance with the Commodity Exchange Act. 
JPMCFC has not registered, nor intends to register, as an investment company under the U.S. Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"). JPMCFC intends to rely on the 
exemption from registration as an investment company under the Investment Company Act afforded by 
Rule 3a-5 of the Investment Company Act. 
JPMSP (as defined herein) has not registered, nor intends to register, as an investment company under 
the Investment Company Act. 
For a description of certain additional restrictions on offers and sales of the Securities, on distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the relevant Issue Terms and of certain agreements and representations that any 
person who purchases Securities at any time is required to make, or is deemed to have made, as a 
condition to purchasing such Security or any legal or beneficial interest therein, see the sections entitled 
"Subscription and Sale" and "Purchaser representations and requirements and transfer restrictions".  
Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") nor any state securities 
commission has approved or disapproved of the Securities and the Guarantees or determined that 
this Base Prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal 
offence. The OCC has not approved or disapproved of the Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. or the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee or determined that this Base Prospectus 
is accurate or complete.

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
General restriction on distribution of this Base Prospectus 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Securities in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the 
Issuers, the Guarantors, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any 
such restriction. The publication of this Base Prospectus is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the 
purchase or sale of any financial instrument in any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation would 
violate the laws of such jurisdiction. 
No other person is authorised to give information on the Securities beyond what is in this Base 
Prospectus and related Issue Terms 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than as 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Securities and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
relevant Issuer, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as guarantor under the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Guarantee, JPMorgan Chase & Co. as guarantor under the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee, any of the 
Dealers or J.P. Morgan Securities plc as arranger (the "Arranger").  
The information in this Base Prospectus (and any supplement) is subject to change 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the relevant Issuer 
or the relevant Guarantor (if applicable) since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus 
has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position 
of the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor (if applicable), since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Important Swiss notice 
The Securities do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning 
of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes and they are neither subject to approval 
nor supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA") and investors 
are exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer and, if applicable, the relevant Guarantor. 
Disclaimer by Arranger and Dealers 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. None of the Arranger or any of the Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or 
accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this 
Base Prospectus. None of the Arranger or any of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition 
or affairs of any of the Issuers or the Guarantors during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus nor to advise any potential purchaser or Holder of Securities of any information coming 
to the attention of the Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
Not a basis for a credit or other evaluation and not a recommendation to purchase Securities 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation, and should 
not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuers, any of the Guarantors, the Arranger or the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus should purchase the Securities. Each potential 
purchaser of Securities should determine for himself or herself or itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and any purchase of Securities should be based upon such investigation 
as such potential purchaser deems necessary. 
Important Dutch notice 
None of JPMCFC, JPMorgan Chase & Co. or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. has received authorisations 
from De Nederlandsche Bank NV for the pursuit of the business of a bank in The Netherlands and are 
not licensed pursuant to section 2:11(1) of the Netherlands Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
financieel toezicht). However, they are permitted to issue Securities in The Netherlands under the 
Netherlands Financial Supervision Act. 
Stabilising legend 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Securities, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Issue 
Terms may over-allot Securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Securities is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Securities and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Securities. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
CREST Depository Interests 
If specified in the relevant Issue Terms, investors may hold indirect interests in Securities issued by 
JPMSP through Euroclear UK & International Limited ("CREST") through the issuance of 
dematerialised depository interests ("CDIs"). CDIs are independent securities constituted under English 
law and transferred through CREST and will be issued by CREST Depository Limited or any successor 
thereto pursuant to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (as subsequently modified, supplemented 
and/or restated). See "Book-Entry Clearing Systems" below for more information in relation to CDIs. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to a base 
rate, an index or a combination of indices. Any such base rate or index may constitute a benchmark for 
the purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation"). If any such base rate or index does constitute such a benchmark the applicable Final Terms 
will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA Register"). 
Not every base rate or index will fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Furthermore, 
transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a 
particular benchmark is not required to appear in the ESMA Register at the date of the applicable Final 
Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of 
public record and, save where required by applicable law, we do not intend to update the applicable Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (the administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks maintained by the ESMA but each of ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (the administrator of LIBOR), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the 
administrator of SOFR), the Bank of England (the administrator of SONIA), the European Central Bank 
(the administrator of €STR) and the Bank of Japan (the administrator of TONA) is not included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks maintained by the ESMA. 
Defined terms 
An index of defined terms is set out on pages 897 to 912 of this Base Prospectus.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to: 
J.P. Morgan 

"JPMorgan Chase" are to JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

"JPMorgan Chase Bank" are to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

"JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee" are to the guarantee provided by JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. (in its capacity as a guarantor) in respect of Securities issued by JPMSP.

--- Page 10 ---
x 

"JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee" are to the guarantee provided by JPMorgan Chase & 
Co. (in its capacity as a guarantor) in respect of Securities issued by JPMCFC. 

"Guarantee" or "relevant Guarantee" are to (i) in respect of Securities issued by JPMCFC, 
the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee, or (ii) in respect of Securities issued by JPMSP, the 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee (as applicable). 

"JPMCFC" are to JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC. 

"JPMSP" are to J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. 
Currencies 

"euro", "EUR" and "€" are to the lawful single currency of the member states of the European 
Union that have adopted and continue to retain a common single currency through monetary 
union in accordance with European Union treaty law (as amended from time to time). 

"Sterling" and "£" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 

"U.S.$", "USD", "$" and "U.S. Dollars" are to United States dollars. 
JPMCFC restrictions 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Base Prospectus, JPMCFC will not issue Securities in the form of 
Warrants and Securities issued by JPMCFC will not be subject to physical delivery.

--- Page 11 ---
xi 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................. 1 
Provides an overview of certain important information in relation to the Programme and this Base 
Prospectus. It is relevant to all Securities. 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................ 6
Sets out the principal risks inherent in investing in Securities. It is relevant to all Securities. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST ......................................................................................................... 77
Provides a description of various potential conflicts of interest that JPMorgan Chase is subject to in 
respect of the Securities, and which could have an adverse effect on the Securities. It is relevant to all 
Securities. 
USER'S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ......................................................................... 80
Provides a guide to navigating the various documents relating to the Securities issued under the Base 
Prospectus and which sections of the Base Prospectus are relevant for particular Securities. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................ 84
Incorporates the Registration Document for each Issuer and other information. Each Registration 
Document sets out key information in relation to the relevant Issuer. 
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS ............................................................................................ 96 
Provides answers to some of the questions which investors may have when considering an investment 
in the Securities and provides an introduction to the Issuers, the types of Securities which may be 
issued under the Programme and certain terms of such Securities. It is relevant to all Securities. 
OVERVIEW OF THE POTENTIAL FOR DISCRETIONARY DETERMINATIONS BY THE 
CALCULATION AGENT AND THE ISSUER........................................................................... 133
Overview of the types of events that could give rise to a discretionary determination by the Calculation 
Agent or the Issuer and the actions available to them to deal with the impact of such events.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES............................................................... 149
Comprises (I) the General Conditions, (II) the applicable Payout Conditions, (III) the applicable 
Reference Asset Linked Conditions and (where applicable) certain provisions relevant to German 
Securities: 
I. 
GENERAL CONDITIONS .............................................................................................. 149 
Sets out the terms and conditions that apply to all Securities. 
II. 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS ................................................................................................. 289 
Sets out the additional terms and conditions in relation to the redemption payments and 
interest/coupon payments (if applicable) in respect of the Securities. Only those Payout 
Conditions specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable will apply to a particular 
series of Securities. The Payout Conditions will not be applicable in respect of Credit Linked 
Securities. 
III. 
REFERENCE ASSET LINKED CONDITIONS ........................................................... 388 
Each of the following six sections sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities 
linked to a particular Reference Asset. Only those Reference Asset Linked Conditions

--- Page 12 ---
xii 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable will apply to an issuance series of 
Securities. 

SHARE LINKED PROVISIONS ........................................................................ 388
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Share Linked 
Securities. 

INDEX LINKED PROVISIONS ......................................................................... 408
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Index Linked 
Securities. 

COMMODITY LINKED PROVISIONS............................................................ 422
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Commodity Linked 
Securities. 

FX LINKED PROVISIONS ................................................................................. 439
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to FX Linked Securities. 

CREDIT LINKED PROVISIONS....................................................................... 448
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Credit Linked 
Securities (including in relation to the redemption payments and interest payments (if 
applicable) in respect of the Credit Linked Securities). 

FUND LINKED PROVISIONS ........................................................................... 528
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Fund Linked Securities. 

RATE LINKED PROVISIONS ........................................................................... 549
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Rate Linked Securities. 
IV. 
APPENDIX 1 – PROVISIONS REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS OF 
GERMAN SECURITIES................................................................................................. 556 
Sets out the provisions regarding resolutions of holders of German Securities. 
V.
APPENDIX 2 – BELGIAN SECURITIES ANNEX ...................................................... 561
Sets out the supplemental terms and conditions for Belgian Securities. 
VI. 
APPENDIX 3 – CNH PROVISIONS .............................................................................. 570
Sets out the supplemental terms and conditions for certain Securities where the CNH 
Provisions are specified to be applicable. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................... 574 
Provides a template for the Final Terms to be used for each issuance of Securities, other than Exempt 
Securities. It is relevant to all Securities (other than Exempt Securities). 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ......................................................................................... 743 
Provides a template for the Pricing Supplement to be used for each issuance of Exempt Securities. It 
is relevant to all Exempt Securities. 
USE OF PROCEEDS ..................................................................................................................... 755

--- Page 13 ---
xiii 
Sets out the use of the proceeds from the sale of Securities. It is relevant to all Securities. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO SUSTAINABLE SECURITIES ......................................... 756 
Sets out information relating to Sustainable Securities. 
LIMITATIONS OF THE JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. GUARANTEE AND FORM OF 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. GUARANTEE .................................................................... 761 
Sets out the limitations of the guarantee given by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in respect of Securities 
issued by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. as well as the form of such guarantee. It is only 
relevant to Securities issued by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. 
LIMITATIONS OF THE JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. GUARANTEE AND FORM OF 
JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. GUARANTEE
 766
Sets out the limitations of the guarantee given by JPMorgan Chase & Co. in respect of Securities 
issued by JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC as well as the form of such guarantee. It is only 
relevant to Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC. 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARING SYSTEMS                                                                                        771
Provides information on the rules and procedures of the relevant clearing system in which the 
Securities may be cleared and settled. It is relevant to all Securities. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ....................................................................................................... 775 
Provides a summary of certain restrictions regarding the offer and sale of the Securities. It is relevant 
to all Securities. 
PURCHASER 
REPRESENTATIONS 
AND 
REQUIREMENTS 
AND 
TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS ....................................................................................................................... 787 
Sets out certain representations and requirements and transfer restrictions with respect to each 
issuance of Securities. It is relevant to all Securities. 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS ..................................................................................... 797 
Provides an overview of certain ERISA considerations. It is relevant to all Securities. 
TAXATION .................................................................................................................................... 802 
Provides an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to the Securities. It is relevant to all 
Securities. 
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION.................................................................................... 884 
Sets out important legal information relating to the Securities. 
GENERAL INFORMATION........................................................................................................ 893 
Provides certain additional information on the Securities, the Base Prospectus, the Programme and 
the Issuers. It is relevant to all Securities. 
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS .................. 895 
Sets out considerations that should be taken into account when reading any statement relating to 
future events and circumstances. It is relevant to all Securities. 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS .................................................................................................... 897 
An index of all defined terms used in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 14 ---
General Description of the Programme 
1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
1.
Issuers and Guarantors 
JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC ("JPMCFC"). J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. 
("JPMSP"), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (each an "Issuer" and 
together, the "Issuers") may from time to time under the Programme, subject to compliance 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, issue (i) Notes and (ii) Warrants or Certificates 
(together, the "Securities"). Securities issued by JPMCFC are guaranteed by JPMorgan Chase 
& Co (the "JPMCFC Guarantor"). Securities issued by JPMSP are guaranteed by JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A. (the "JPMSP Guarantor") (the JPMCFC Guarantor and JPMSP Guarantor, 
each a "Guarantor" and together, the "Guarantors"). Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. are not the subject of a guarantee. 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") of each Issuer is as follows: 

JPMCFC: 549300NJFDJOFYVV6789; 

JPMSP: XZYUUT6IYN31D9K77X08; 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.: 7H6GLXDRUGQFU57RNE97; 

JPMorgan Chase & Co.: 8I5DZWZKVSZI1NUHU748. 
2.
Types of Securities 
The Securities may be securities where the interest payment, the redemption amount or amount 
to be paid or delivered on settlement is linked to: 

a share or a depositary receipt representing a share or a basket of shares or depositary 
receipts ("Share Linked Securities");  

an equity index or a basket of equity indices ("Index Linked Securities");  

a commodity, a basket of commodities, a commodity index or a basket of commodity 
indices ("Commodity Linked Securities"); or 

Share Linked Securities and one or more foreign exchange rates; 

a foreign exchange rate or a basket of foreign exchange rates ("FX Linked Securities"); 

the credit risk of a reference entity such as a company or a sovereign, or a basket of such 
reference entities ("Credit Linked Securities"); 

a share or a unit of a Fund, or a basket of funds ("Fund Linked Securities");  

an interest rate or swap rate or any other rate (the "Rate Linked Securities"); or  

a basket of any of the above reference assets.  
The relevant Issuer may also issue Sustainable Securities comprising: 

"Green Securities" where an amount equal to the net proceeds of such issuance will be 
allocated to fund Eligible Green Projects meeting certain eligibility criteria which may 
include green buildings, renewable and clean energy and sustainable transportation; 

"Social Securities" where an amount equal to the net proceeds of such issuance will be 
allocated to fund Eligible Social Projects meeting certain eligibility criteria which may 
include small businesses, affordable housing, home ownership, education and healthcare; 
and/or

--- Page 15 ---
General Description of the Programme 
2 

"Sustainability Securities" where an amount equal to the net proceeds of such issuance 
will be allocated to fund a combination of Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social 
Projects, 
as described in the section entitled "Information relating to Sustainable Securities" of this Base 
Prospectus. 
3.
Issuance of Securities  
The general conditions of the Securities are set out on pages 149 to 288 (the "General 
Conditions"). The conditions governing the return on the Securities and how it is calculated are 
set out on pages 289 to 387 (the "Payout Conditions"). In relation to: 

any Share Linked Securities, the General Conditions and the applicable Payout 
Conditions will each be completed, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, by the 
additional conditions set out in the Share Linked Provisions (the "Share Linked 
Provisions"); 

any Index Linked Securities, the General Conditions and the applicable Payout 
Conditions will each be completed, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, by the 
additional conditions set out in the Index Linked Provisions (the "Index Linked 
Provisions"); 

any Commodity Linked Securities, the General Conditions and the applicable Payout 
Conditions will each be completed, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, by the 
additional conditions set out in the Commodity Linked Provisions (the "Commodity 
Linked Provisions"); 

any Share Linked Securities which have an exposure to one or more foreign exchange 
rates, the General Conditions and the applicable Payout Conditions will each be 
completed, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, by the additional conditions set 
out in the Share Linked Provisions and the FX Linked Provisions; 

any FX Linked Securities, the General Conditions and the applicable Payout Conditions 
will each be completed, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, by the additional 
conditions set out in the FX Linked Provisions (the "FX Linked Provisions"); 

any Credit Linked Securities, the General Conditions will be completed, if so specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, by additional conditions set out in the Credit Linked 
Provisions (the "Credit Linked Provisions"); 

any Fund Linked Securities, the General Conditions and the applicable Payout 
Conditions will each be completed, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, by the 
additional conditions set out in the Fund Linked Provisions (the "Fund Linked 
Provisions"); and 

any Rate Linked Securities, the General Conditions and the applicable Payout Conditions 
will each be completed, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, by the additional 
conditions set out in the Rate Linked Provisions (the "Rate Linked Provisions"). 
Securities issued under the Programme are issued in series (each, a "Series"), and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches ("Tranches" and each, a "Tranche") of Securities. One or 
more Tranches of Securities will be the subject of an Issue Terms (each, an "Issue Terms"), a 
copy of which may be obtained free of charge from the Specified Office of the Relevant 
Programme Agent. 
4.
Form of Securities 
If "Temporary Bearer Global Security exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global Security" 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Series of Securities in bearer form (other 
than French Bearer Securities) will be represented on issue by a temporary global security in

--- Page 16 ---
General Description of the Programme 
3 
bearer form (each a "Temporary Bearer Global Security") exchangeable upon certification of 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership for a permanent global security in bearer form (each a 
"Permanent Bearer Global Security" and, together with each Temporary Bearer Global 
Security, a "Bearer Global Security"). If "Permanent Bearer Global Security" is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Series of Securities in bearer form (other than French 
Bearer Securities) will be represented on issue by a Permanent Bearer Global Security. Each 
Temporary Bearer Global Security and each Permanent Bearer Global Security representing 
Securities other than German Securities will be exchangeable, in limited circumstances, for 
Securities in definitive registered form. No Bearer Securities will be issued in or exchangeable 
into bearer definitive form, whether pursuant to the request of any Holder(s) or otherwise. 
If "Temporary Registered Global Security which is exchangeable for a Permanent Registered 
Global Security" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Series of Securities (other 
than Swiss Securities) in registered form will be represented on issue by a temporary global 
security in registered form (each a "Temporary Registered Global Security") exchangeable 
upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership for a permanent global security in registered 
form (each a "Permanent Registered Global Security" and, together with each Temporary 
Registered Global Security, a "Registered Global Security" and, together with each Bearer 
Global Security, "Global Securities"). Each Temporary Registered Global Security and 
Permanent Registered Global Security will be exchangeable, in limited circumstances, for 
Securities in registered definitive form. Regulation S Securities issued by JPMSP and 
guaranteed by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., under the Programme that are to be accepted for 
Settlement in CREST via the CREST Depository Interest ("CDI") mechanism (the "CREST 
CDI Securities"), and Securities in respect of which "Permanent Registered Global Security" 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, will be represented on issue by a Permanent Registered 
Global Security. 
Global Securities may be deposited on the issue date with a depository, or registered in the name 
of a nominee, on behalf of: 

Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg");  

Clearstream Banking AG, Eschborn ("Clearstream Frankfurt");  

the Swiss Domestic Settlement System, SIX SIS AG (the "SIX SIS"); and/or  

with a depository for such other clearing system as is specified in the General Conditions 
and/or the relevant Issue Terms.  
The depository on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be a common 
depository. 
(a)
New Safekeeping Structure 
Notes represented by Registered Global Securities which are intended to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("NSS") shall be delivered on or prior to the issue date to a common 
safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
registered in the name of a nominee of such Common Safekeeper. 
(b)
New Global Note 
Notes represented by Bearer Global Securities which are intended to be issued in New Global 
Note ("NGN") form, shall be delivered on or prior to the issue date to the Common Safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(c)
German Securities 
German Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMSP, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. will be represented on issue by a Temporary Bearer Global Security exchangeable 
upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership for a Permanent Bearer Global Security. 
German Securities will be governed by German law.

--- Page 17 ---
General Description of the Programme 
4 
(d)
Danish Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme by JPMSP may include Securities which are registered in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form with Euronext Securities Copenhagen (VP 
Securities A/S) ("VP") in accordance with all applicable Danish laws, regulations and rules 
("Danish Notes"). Danish Notes will not be issued in or exchangeable into definitive form. 
(e)
Finnish Securities 
Securities issued under the Programme by JPMSP may include Securities which are registered 
in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form with Euroclear Finland Oy, the Finnish 
Central Securities Depository ("Euroclear Finland") in accordance with all applicable Finnish 
laws, regulations and rules ("Finnish Securities"). Finnish Securities will not be issued in or 
exchangeable into definitive form. 
(f)
French Securities 
Securities issued under the Programme by JPMCFC or JPMSP may be in dematerialised form 
and deposited with Euroclear France S.A. ("Euroclear France") as central securities depository 
("French Securities"). French Securities may be in bearer form (au porteur) or in registered 
form (au nominatif) and will be governed by French law. French Securities will not be issued 
in or exchangeable into definitive form. 
(g)
Norwegian Securities 
Securities issued under the Programme by JPMSP may include Securities which are registered 
in uncertificated and dematerialised electronic book-entry form with Euroclear Securities Oslo 
("VPS") in accordance with all applicable Norwegian laws, regulations and rules. Norwegian 
Securities will not be issued in or exchangeable into definitive form. 
(h)
Swedish Securities 
Securities issued under the Programme by JPMSP may include Securities which are registered 
in uncertificated and dematerialised electronic book-entry form with Euroclear Sweden AB, the 
Swedish Central Securities Depository ("Euroclear Sweden") in accordance with all applicable 
Swedish laws, regulations and rules ("Swedish Securities"). Swedish Securities will not be 
issued in or exchangeable into definitive form. 
(i)
Swiss Securities 
Securities cleared through SIX SIS are referred to as "Swiss Securities". Each Tranche of Swiss 
Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMSP, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. will be either (i) issued in the form of uncertificated securities (einfache Wertrechte) 
pursuant to article 973c of the Swiss Code of Obligations (Obligationenrecht) and entered into 
the main register (Hauptregister) of SIX SIS as custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) or (ii) 
represented by a single Global Security in registered form that is deposited with SIX SIS as 
central depository, in each case on or prior to the original issue date of such Tranche. As a matter 
of Swiss law, once (i) the uncertificated securities (einfache Wertrechte) representing Swiss 
Securities are entered into the main register of SIX SIS as custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) or (ii) 
a Global Security in registered form representing Swiss Securities is deposited with SIX SIS 
and, in each case, entered into the securities accounts of one or more participants of SIX SIS, 
such Swiss Securities will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) within the meaning 
of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) ("Intermediated 
Securities"). No Holder of Swiss Securities will have the right to effect or demand the 
conversion of such Swiss Securities into, or the delivery of, uncertificated securities (in the case 
of Swiss Securities represented by a Global Security) or Securities in definitive form (in the 
case of either Swiss Securities represented by a Global Security or Swiss Securities issued in 
uncertificated form). However, Swiss Securities will be exchangeable for definitive Securities 
in registered form under the limited circumstances described in the General Conditions. 
(j)
CREST CDI Securities

--- Page 18 ---
General Description of the Programme 
5 
CREST CDI Securities will be in Permanent Registered Global Form (and will only be 
exchangeable for definitive Securities in registered form under the limited circumstances 
described in the General Conditions). The Permanent Registered Global Security in respect of 
CREST CDI Securities will be deposited with a common depository for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be accepted for settlement in Euroclear UK & International 
Limited ("CREST") via the CDI mechanism. 
(k)
Eurosystem Eligibility 
Registered Notes held under the NSS and Bearer Notes issued in NGN form may be issued with 
the intention that such Notes be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, either upon issue or at any time or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria as specified by the European Central Bank. However, there is no guarantee that such 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral. Any other Notes are not intended to be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem. 
5.
Programme Agents 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, (or as otherwise specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) will act as Principal Programme Agent and Paying Agent, Transfer Agent, and The Bank 
of New York Mellon S.A./N.V., Luxembourg Branch, will act as Paying Agent, Transfer Agent 
and Registrar, with respect to the Securities.  

Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) will act as Danish Programme Agent, Finnish 
Programme Agent, Norwegian Programme Agent and Swedish Programme Agent in 
respect of any Danish Notes, Finnish Securities, Norwegian Securities and Swedish 
Securities respectively.  

BNP Paribas S.A. will act as French Programme Agent in respect of any French 
Securities.  

BNP Paribas S.A. Germany Branch will act as German Programme Agent in respect of 
any German Securities which are cleared through Clearstream Frankfurt. 

UBS AG will act as Swiss Programme Agent and Swiss Registrar and UBS Switzerland 
AG will act as Paying Agent in respect of any Swiss Securities. 
Each of these agents will together be referred to as "Programme Agents". 
6.
Programme limit (in respect of Notes only) 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of Notes: 

whether issued by JPMSP, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. that 
may be issued and outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed 
U.S.$1,000,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies at their respective dates 
of issue); and

issued by JPMCFC that may be issued and outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed U.S.$ 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other 
currencies at their respective dates of issue).
There is no limit on the amount of Certificates or Warrants which may be outstanding under the 
Programme.

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
6 
RISK FACTORS  
An investment in Securities involves substantial risks and is a riskier investment than an investment in 
ordinary debt or equity securities. Also, your Securities are not equivalent to investing directly in the 
underlying reference asset(s) (the "Reference Asset(s)") (if any).
Each of the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the relevant Guarantor believes that the following factors 
may affect its ability to fulfil its respective obligations in respect of the Securities and (if applicable) the 
Guarantee and are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks and other risks associated with 
the Securities. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and none of the relevant 
Issuer or (if applicable) the relevant Guarantor expresses a view on the likelihood of any such 
contingency occurring. Aside from the factors discussed below regarding the risks of acquiring or 
holding any Securities, additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to the relevant 
Issuer or (if applicable) the relevant Guarantor, or that any of the relevant Issuer or (if applicable) the 
relevant Guarantor currently believes to be immaterial, could also have a material impact on the 
business operations or financial condition of the relevant Issuer or (if applicable) the relevant Guarantor 
or on the Securities. The "key risks" described in a "Summary" to the Final Terms are abbreviated key 
risks only which are merely summarised versions of certain of the risks described below and, therefore, 
you should read the information in this section. 
You should consider carefully the following discussion of risks to help you decide whether or not the 
Securities are suitable for you. The following discussion of risks comprises both (i) the risk factors set 
out below and (ii) the risk factors incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (including as 
may be supplemented from time to time) as follows:  

risk factors relating to JPMCFC from pages 4 to 44 of the Registration Document dated 16 
April 2025 of JPMCFC; 

risk factors relating to JPMSP from pages 4 to 42 of the Registration Document dated 16 
April 2025 of JPMSP; 

risk factors relating to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. from pages 4 to 42 of the Registration 
Document dated 16 April 2025 of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.; and  

risk factors relating to JPMorgan Chase & Co. from pages 4 to 42 of the Registration 
Document dated 16 April 2025 of JPMorgan Chase & Co.,  
in each case comprising: 
1. 
Regulatory, Legal and Reputation Risks; 
2. 
Political and Country Risks; 
3. 
Market and Credit Risks; 
4. 
Liquidity and Capital Risks; and 
5. 
Operational, Strategic, Conduct and People Risks. 
Risk warning: You may lose some or all of your investment in the Securities ..............................  
7 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ABILITY OF THE RELEVANT ISSUER TO FULFIL 
ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE SECURITIES AND (IF APPLICABLE) THE RELEVANT 
GUARANTOR'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE GUARANTEE ...............................................  
8 
1 
The Securities are subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the 
relevant Guarantor and the risk of U.S. insolvency and resolution considerations as well 
as the risk relating to other recovery and resolution proceedings ......................................  
8 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSES OF ASSESSING THE 
MARKET RISKS IN RELATION TO THE SECURITIES 
11 
2 
Risks related to the valuation, liquidity and offering of the Securities  .............................  
11

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
7 
3 
Risks related to the determination of interest or redemption amounts under the Securities
 ...........................................................................................................................................  
14 
4 
Risks related to Securities which are linked to a floating rate of interest or to a swap rate 
and/or to a "benchmark" index ...........................................................................................  
16 
5 
Risks related to early redemption provisions and other terms of the Securities .................  
26 
6 
Risks related to Securities that are linked to one or more Reference Asset(s) and risks 
associated with specific types of Reference Assets ............................................................  
39 
7 
Risks related to conflicts of interest of JPMorgan Chase and its discretionary powers as 
Issuer and Calculation Agent under the Securities .............................................................  
73 
8 
Risks related to taxation .....................................................................................................  
74 
Risk warning: You may lose some or all of your investment in the Securities. 
The terms of your particular Securities may not provide for scheduled minimum payment of the 
face value or issue price of the Securities at maturity or upon early redemption. In such case, 
depending on the performance of the Relevant Asset(s) (if any) and how much you paid for the 
Securities, you may lose some and up to all of your investment. 
The payment of any amount due under the Securities is subject to the credit risk of the relevant 
Issuer and (if applicable) the relevant Guarantor. The Securities are unsecured obligations. They 
are not deposits and are not protected under any deposit protection insurance scheme. Therefore, 
if the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the relevant Guarantor fail or are otherwise unable to 
meet their payment (or delivery) obligations on the Securities, you will lose up to the entire value 
of your investment. See Risk Factor 1 "The Securities are subject to the credit risk of the relevant 
Issuer and (if applicable) the relevant Guarantor and the risk of U.S. insolvency and resolution 
considerations as well as the risk relating to other recovery and resolution proceedings" below. 
You may also lose some or all of your investment where: 

the market price of your Securities prior to maturity may be significantly lower than the 
purchase price you pay for them. Consequently, if you sell your Securities before the stated 
maturity date, you may receive far less than your original invested amount. See Risk 
Factor 2.2 "The market value and the price at which you may be able to sell your Securities 
prior to maturity may be at a substantial discount to the original issue price of the Securities, 
and you may lose some or up to all of your investment in any such secondary sale" below; 

your Securities may be redeemed in certain circumstances for reasons not in the control 
of the Issuer and, in such case, the early redemption amount paid to you may be less than 
what you paid for the Securities. See Risk Factor 5.1 "The Securities may be redeemed or 
terminated (as applicable) prior to their scheduled maturity for various unforeseen reasons, 
and in such case you may receive back less than your original investment and you may not 
be able to reinvest the proceeds in an equivalent investment" below; or 

your Securities are subject to certain adjustments in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Securities that may result in the scheduled amount to be paid or asset(s) 
to be delivered upon redemption being reduced to, or being valued at an amount less than, 
your initial investment.

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
8 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ABILITY OF THE RELEVANT ISSUER TO FULFIL 
ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE SECURITIES AND (IF APPLICABLE) THE RELEVANT 
GUARANTOR'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE GUARANTEE 
1.
The Securities are subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the 
relevant Guarantor and the risk of U.S. insolvency and resolution considerations as well 
as the risk relating to other recovery and resolution proceedings  
1.1
General 
The Securities are subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the relevant 
Guarantor, and changes in their respective credit ratings and credit spreads may adversely affect 
the market value of the Securities. Investors are dependent on the relevant Issuer's and (if 
applicable) relevant Guarantor's ability to pay (or deliver, as applicable) all amounts due on the 
Securities, and therefore investors are subject to the credit risk of such JPMorgan Chase entities 
and to changes in the market's view of the creditworthiness of such JPMorgan Chase entities. 
Any decline in such credit ratings or increase in the credit spreads charged by the market for 
taking credit risk on such JPMorgan Chase entities is likely to adversely affect the value of the 
Securities. If the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the relevant Guarantor were to default on its 
payment or other obligations, you may not receive any amounts owed to you under the Securities 
and could lose up to your entire investment. 
1.2
Status of the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee and of Securities issued by 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
The JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee and the Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. (i) are unsecured and unsubordinated general obligations of JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. and not of any of its affiliates, (ii) are not savings accounts or deposits of JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. or any bank or non-bank subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and (iii) will 
rank pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A., except obligations, including U.S. domestic deposits of JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A., that are subject to any priorities or preferences by law. 
Neither the Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. nor the JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. Guarantee are deposits insured by the FDIC, the U.S. Deposit Insurance Fund or any other 
governmental agency or instrumentality. In particular, U.S. federal legislation adopted in 1993 
provides for a preference in right of payment of certain claims made in the liquidation or other 
resolution of any FDIC-insured depository institution, which includes JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. The statute requires claims to be paid in the following order: 

first, administrative expenses of the receiver; 

second, any deposit liability of the institution; 

third, any other general or senior liability of the institution not described below; 

fourth, any obligation subordinated to depositors or general creditors not described 
below; and 

fifth, any obligation to shareholders or members (including any depository institution 
holding company or any shareholder or creditor of such company). 
Deposit liabilities has been interpreted by the FDIC to include any deposit payable at an office 
of the insured depository institution in the United States, and not to include international banking 
facility deposits or deposits payable at an office of the insured depository institution outside the 
United States. 
1.3
Status of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee and of Securities issued by JPMorgan 
Chase & Co.   
The JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee and the Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. (i) 
are unsecured and unsubordinated general obligations of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and not of any

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
9 
of its affiliates, (ii) are not savings accounts or deposits of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any bank 
or non-bank subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and (iii) will rank pari passu with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of JPMorgan Chase & Co., except obligations, that 
are subject to any priorities or preferences by law. 
Neither the Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. nor the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
Guarantee are deposits insured by the FDIC, the U.S. Deposit Insurance Fund or any other 
governmental agency or instrumentality. 
1.4
There are risks that may affect the relevant Issuer's and (if applicable) the relevant 
Guarantor's ability to fulfil their respective obligations under the Securities and (if 
applicable) the Guarantee 
You should read the risk factors in relation to the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the 
relevant Guarantor incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (including as may be 
supplemented from time to time), as set out in "Documents Incorporated by Reference" 
below. Such factors could materially adversely affect the business of JPMorgan Chase and 
consequently the ability of the relevant Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Securities and 
(if applicable) the ability of the relevant Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the 
Guarantee. Each such risks could adversely affect the trading value (if any) of the Securities. 
Investors could lose some or all of their investment. 
1.5
U.S. insolvency and resolution considerations  
New York Law Notes constitute "loss-absorbing capacity" within the meaning of the final rules 
(the "TLAC rules") issued by the Federal Reserve on 15 December 2016 regarding, among 
other things, the minimum levels of unsecured external long-term debt and other loss-absorbing 
capacity that certain U.S. bank holding companies, including JPMorgan Chase & Co., are 
required to maintain. Such debt must satisfy certain eligibility criteria under the TLAC rules. If 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. were to enter into resolution, either in a proceeding under Chapter 11 
of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or into a receivership administered by the FDIC under Title II of 
the Dodd-Frank Act, holders of New York Law Notes and other debt and equity securities of 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (including other Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co.) would be 
at risk of absorbing the losses of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates. 
Under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Act and applicable rules of the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. is required to submit periodically to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC 
a detailed plan (the "resolution plan") for the rapid and orderly resolution of JPMorgan Chase 
& Co. and its material subsidiaries under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and other applicable 
insolvency laws in the event of material financial distress or failure. JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s 
preferred resolution strategy under its resolution plan contemplates that only JPMorgan Chase 
& Co. would enter bankruptcy proceedings under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code 
pursuant to a "single point of entry" recapitalisation strategy. JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s 
subsidiaries would be recapitalised as needed so that they could continue normal operations or 
subsequently be wound down in an orderly manner. As a result, JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s losses 
and any losses incurred by its subsidiaries would be imposed first on holders of JPMorgan Chase 
& Co.'s equity securities and thereafter on unsecured creditors, including holders of New York 
Law Notes and other debt securities of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (including other Securities issued 
by JPMorgan Chase & Co.). Claims of holders of New York Law Notes and such other debt 
securities would have a junior position to the claims of creditors of JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s 
subsidiaries and to the claims of priority (as determined by statute) and secured creditors of 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Accordingly, in a resolution of JPMorgan Chase & Co. under Chapter 
11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, holders of New York Law Notes and other debt securities of 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (including other Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co.) would 
realise value only to the extent available to JPMorgan Chase & Co. as a shareholder of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its other subsidiaries and only after any claims of priority and 
secured creditors of JPMorgan Chase & Co. have been fully repaid. If JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
were to enter into resolution, none of JPMorgan Chase & Co., the Federal Reserve or the FDIC 
is obligated to follow JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s preferred resolution strategy under its resolution 
plan.

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
10 
The FDIC has similarly indicated that a single point of entry recapitalisation model could be a 
desirable strategy to resolve a systemically important financial institution, such as JPMorgan 
Chase & Co., under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act ("Title II"). Pursuant to that strategy, the 
FDIC would use its power to create a "bridge entity" for JPMorgan Chase & Co.; transfer the 
systemically important and viable parts of JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s business, principally the 
stock of JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s main operating subsidiaries and any intercompany claims 
against such subsidiaries, to the bridge entity; recapitalise those subsidiaries using assets of 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. that have been transferred to the bridge entity; and exchange external 
debt claims against JPMorgan Chase & Co. for equity in the bridge entity. Under a "single point 
of entry recapitalisation" of JPMorgan Chase & Co., the value of the stock of the bridge entity 
that would be redistributed to holders of New York Law Notes and other debt securities of 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (including other Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co.) may not 
be sufficient to repay all or part of the principal amount and interest on such New York Law 
Notes and other securities. It is also possible that the "single point of entry" recapitalisation of 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. under Title II could result in greater losses to holders of the Securities 
of JPMorgan Chase & Co. than the losses that would result from a different resolution strategy 
for JPMorgan Chase & Co. To date, the FDIC has not formally adopted a single point of entry 
resolution strategy, and it is not obligated to follow such a strategy in a Title II resolution of 
JPMorgan Chase & Co.  
1.6
Risks relating to recovery and resolution proceedings 
Regulators in the U.S., Europe and other jurisdictions continue to develop 'resolution and 
recovery' measures designed to ensure long term financial and economic stability and minimise 
costs to the public in the event of the potential failure of one or more large financial institutions. 
These measures include providing resolution authorities with extensive tools and powers to deal 
with a failing financial institution, including potentially the power to "bail-in" certain of its and 
its subsidiaries' liabilities by writing them down or converting them into equity. You may lose 
some or all of your return on the Securities as a result of these measures. Resolution and recovery 
measures are very recent and untested developments in the financial markets, and they introduce 
substantial new risks that investors should consider prior to investing in Securities. These risks 
include: 
(a)
In certain circumstances, JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
could be subject to resolution proceedings 
U.S. requirements for the orderly resolution of JPMorgan Chase could require JPMorgan 
Chase to restructure or reorganise its business. Holders of Securities would be at risk of 
losing some or all of their investment if JPMorgan Chase were to enter into a resolution 
process, or even if such an outcome were suggested. See: 

Risk Factor 1 "Regulatory, Legal and Reputation Risks" and Risk Factor 4 
"Liquidity and Capital Risks" both of which are set out in the risk factors in each 
of the Registration Documents incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus as set out in "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below; and 

Risk Factor 1.5 "U.S. insolvency and resolution considerations" (above). 
(b)
In certain circumstances, the Hedging Entity or its counterparty to the related 
Underlying Hedge Transactions under the Securities could be subject to resolution 
proceedings 
In the event of a substantial deterioration in the Hedging Entity's or its counterparty's 
financial condition, the relevant resolution authority could take resolution action with 
respect to the Hedging Entity or its counterparty, including by exercising the "bail-in" 
tool or other resolution measures. As a result of any such resolution proceeding, the 
Issuer may terminate the Securities prior to their scheduled maturity, and for an amount 
that may be less than the original purchase price of the Securities. See Risk Factor 5.4 
"Where applicable, the Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior 
to their scheduled maturity due to the occurrence of an Extraordinary Hedge Disruption 
Event" below.

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
11 
(c)
Resolution proceedings in respect of a relevant institution may have a material 
negative effect on Securities linked to one or more Reference Asset(s) affected by such 
proceedings. 
If your Securities are linked to one or more Reference Asset(s), the commencement of 
resolution proceedings in respect of a relevant institution could have a material negative 
effect on your Securities. For example, where: 

for Securities linked to a share, the company which has issued the shares enters 
into resolution proceedings during the term of the Securities; 

for Securities linked to a depositary receipt, the company which has issued the 
underlying shares represented by the depositary receipts or the issuer of the 
depositary receipts enters into resolution proceedings during the term of the 
Securities; 

for Securities linked to an index, one or more issuers of the shares comprising the 
relevant index enters into resolution proceedings during the term of the Securities; 

for Securities linked to a share or a unit of an exchange traded fund or a mutual 
fund, one or more issuers of shares comprising the fund underlying benchmark or 
the management company enters into resolution proceedings during the terms of 
the Securities; and 

for Securities linked to the credit of a reference entity, the reference entity enters 
into resolution proceedings during the term of the Securities. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSES OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS IN RELATION TO THE SECURITIES 
2.
Risks related to the valuation, liquidity and offering of the Securities  
2.1
The market value of the Securities on the Issue Date will likely be lower than their original 
issue price 
As at the Issue Date, the issue price of the Securities will likely be more than the market value 
of such Securities, and more than the price, if any, at which the Dealer or any other person would 
be willing to purchase the Securities in secondary market transactions. In particular, (a) where 
permitted by applicable law, the Issue Price may take into account amounts with respect to 
commissions relating to the issue and sale of the Securities and (b) amounts relating to the 
hedging of the Issuer's obligations under such Securities, including the profits JPMorgan Chase 
expects to realise in consideration for assuming the risks inherent in providing such hedge. 
Accordingly, the issue price of the Securities as at the issue date is likely to be more than the 
initial market value of the Securities, and this could result in a loss if you sell the Securities prior 
to their scheduled redemption. 
2.2
The market value and the price at which you may be able to sell your Securities prior to 
maturity may be at a substantial discount to the original issue price of the Securities, and 
you may lose some or up to all of your investment in any such secondary sale 
Any secondary market prices of the Securities will likely be lower than the original issue price 
of the Securities because, among other things, secondary market prices take into account the 
secondary market credit spreads of the Issuer (and, if applicable, the Guarantor) and, also, 
because secondary market prices (a) exclude selling commissions and (b) may exclude projected 
hedging profits, if any, and estimated hedging costs that are included in the original issue price 
of the Securities. As a result, the price, if any, at which the Dealer or any other person would be 
willing to buy Securities from you in secondary market transactions, if at all, is likely to be 
lower than the original issue price. Any sale of the Securities by you prior to their scheduled 
redemption could result in a substantial loss.

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
12 
2.3
Prior to their scheduled redemption, the value of the Securities will be influenced by many 
factors and cannot be predicted 
(a)
Factors that may affect the value of the Securities 
Many economic and market factors will influence the value of the Securities. Generally, the 
value of the Reference Asset(s) on any day will likely affect the value of the Securities more 
than any other single factor. However, you should not expect the value of the Securities in the 
secondary market to vary in proportion to changes in the value of the Reference Asset(s). The 
value of the Securities will be affected by a number of other factors that may either offset or 
magnify each other, including, but not limited to: 

the creditworthiness of the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor, including actual or 
anticipated downgrades in their respective credit ratings; 

the actual and expected frequency and magnitude of changes in the value of any 
Reference Asset(s) (i.e., volatility); 

the remaining time to maturity of the Securities;  

depending on the type of Reference Asset(s): 

the dividend rate on a Share or on the equity securities underlying an Index (while 
not paid to Holders of the Securities, dividend payments on a Share or on any 
equity securities underlying an Index may influence the value of the Reference 
Asset(s) and the market value of options on the Reference Asset(s) and therefore 
affect the market value of the Securities); 

the occurrence of certain corporate events to a Share or shares represented by a 
Depositary Receipt (being, an American Depositary Receipt or a Global 
Depositary Receipt); 

the occurrence of certain events to the shares of a mutual fund or an exchange 
traded fund that may or may not require an adjustment to the terms and conditions 
of the Securities; 

supply and demand trends and market prices at any time for the relevant 
Commodities or the exchange-traded futures contracts on such Commodities; 

interest and yield rates in the market generally as well as in the markets of a Share 
and the markets of the securities or other constituents included in an Index; 

economic, financial, political, regulatory and judicial events that affect a Share, 
the equity securities underlying an Index or stock markets generally; 

economic, 
financial, 
political, 
regulatory, 
geographical, 
agricultural, 
meteorological or judicial events that affect commodity markets generally; 

the financial condition and perceived creditworthiness of the Reference Entity or 
Reference Entities, as the case may be, including actual or anticipated 
downgrades in their credit ratings; 

for Securities linked to a basket of Reference Assets, changes in correlation (the extent 
to which the value of the Reference Assets increase or decrease to the same degree at the 
same time) between the Reference Assets; and 

the exchange rates and the volatility of the exchange rates between the currency of 
denomination of the Securities and the currencies in which a Reference Asset(s) Share 
(with respect to a Reference Asset that is a Depositary Receipt) or the equity securities 
underlying an Index are traded, and, if an Index is calculated in one currency and the

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
13 
equity securities underlying that Index are traded in one or more other currencies, the 
correlation between those rates and the value of that Index. 
Some or all of these factors will influence the price you will receive if you choose to sell your 
Securities prior to maturity. The impact of any of the factors set forth above may enhance or 
offset some or all of any change resulting from another factor or factors. Any sale of Securities 
prior to their scheduled redemption may be at a substantial discount from the original purchase 
price and you may lose some or all of your investment. 
(b)
The market value of the Securities is also expected to be affected, in part, by the credit rating 
of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
The value of the Securities is expected to be affected, in part, by the general perceptions of 
investors of the creditworthiness of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
Such perceptions may be influenced by the ratings accorded to outstanding securities of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. by well-recognised rating agencies, 
such as Moody's Investors Service Inc., Fitch, Inc. and Standard & Poor's, a division of The 
McGraw Hill Companies, Inc. 
The creditworthiness of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is more likely to affect the trading value 
of Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Securities issued by JPMSP, which are 
guaranteed by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The creditworthiness of JPMorgan Chase & Co. is 
more likely to affect the trading value of Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co and 
Securities issued by JPMCFC, which are guaranteed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
The credit ratings of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. may move 
independently of one another. JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries (other than JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A.) are generally permitted to undertake a wider range of activities than 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its subsidiaries. As a result, while the credit ratings of 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. are closely related, those credit ratings 
are usually different and, in the event of any change in those credit ratings, those ratings may 
move independently of each other. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is typically rated more highly 
than JPMorgan Chase & Co. but there is no assurance that this will always be the case and 
investors should check the relevant rating at the time of considering any investment in 
Securities. 
A reduction in the rating, if any, or anticipated reduction or downgrade to outstanding securities 
of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co., by one of the rating agencies could 
result in a reduction in the trading value of the Securities and this could result in a loss if you 
sell the Securities prior to their scheduled redemption. 
(c)
The market value of Securities may be highly volatile 
The price, performance or investment return of the Reference Asset(s) may be subject to sudden, 
large and unpredictable changes over time and this degree of change is known as "volatility". 
The volatility of a Reference Asset may be affected by national and international financial, 
political, military or economic events, including governmental actions, or by the activities of 
participants in the relevant markets. Any of these events or activities could have a negative 
adverse impact on the value of and return on your Securities. 
(d)
There may be price discrepancies with respect to the Securities as between various dealers or 
other purchasers in the secondary market 
If at any time a third party dealer quotes a price to purchase Securities or otherwise values 
Securities, that price may be significantly different (higher or lower) from any price quoted by 
JPMorgan Chase. Also, if you sell your Securities, you will likely be charged a commission for 
secondary market transactions, or the price may reflect a dealer discount. Any sale of the 
Securities by you prior to their scheduled redemption could result in a substantial loss.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
14 
2.4
Secondary market trading may be limited, and you may not be able to sell your Securities 
prior to scheduled maturity 
The Securities may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. 
If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid and you may not be able to find a buyer. 
Therefore, you may not be able to sell your Securities or, if you can, you may only be able to 
sell them at a price which is substantially less than the original purchase price. 
The Issuer may list the Securities on a stock exchange but, in such case, the fact that such 
Securities are listed will not necessarily lead to greater liquidity. If Securities are not listed or 
traded on any exchange, pricing information for such Securities may be more difficult to obtain 
and they may be more difficult to sell. 
JPMorgan Chase may act as a market maker for the Securities, but is not required to do so 
(subject to the rules of any applicable securities exchange). As other market makers may not 
participate significantly in the secondary market for the Securities, the price at which you may 
be able to trade your Securities is likely to depend on the price, if any, at which JPMorgan Chase 
is willing to buy the Securities (as to which see Risk Factor 2.1 "The market value of the 
Securities on the Issue Date will likely be lower than their original issue price" above). If at any 
time the Dealer or another agent does not act as a market maker, it is likely that there would be 
little or no secondary market for the Securities. 
If JPMorgan Chase does make a market for the Securities, it may cease to do so at any time 
without notice (subject to the rules of any applicable securities exchange). 
Securities are also subject to selling restrictions and purchaser representations and requirements 
and transfer restrictions that may limit your ability to resell or transfer them. 
For these reasons, you should not assume that a secondary market will exist for the Securities, 
and you should be prepared to hold your Securities until their scheduled maturity. The 
availability of any secondary market may be limited or non-existent and, if you are able to sell 
your Securities, you may receive significantly less than you would otherwise receive by holding 
the Securities to their scheduled maturity. 
2.5
Risks relating to inflation 
Inflation is the general increase in prices and fall in the purchasing value of money over time. 
Due to the impact of inflation, the same amount of money will buy fewer goods and services 
over time.  
The real return (or yield) on an investment in Securities will be reduced by inflation. 
Consequently, the higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on a security will be. If 
the inflation rate is equal to or greater than the yield under a security, the real yield a holder of 
such security will achieve will be zero or even negative. Accordingly, inflation may have a 
negative effect on the value of and return on the Securities, and you should consider the potential 
impact of inflation (including if the rate of inflation is anticipated to rise over the term of the 
Securities) before purchasing Securities. 
Relatedly, if the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities provide that some or all of the 
principal shall be repaid at maturity, such scheduled principal repayment will not provide any 
protection from the effect of inflation over time and it may still be the case that the return on 
such Securities adjusted for inflation could be zero or even negative. 
3.
Risks related to the determination of interest or redemption amounts under the Securities 
3.1
A leverage feature increases the potential loss (or gain) on the Securities 
Where a formula used to determine the amount payable and/or deliverable with respect to the 
Securities contains a "participation" level or other multiplier or leverage factor (whether implicit 
or explicit) greater than one, the percentage change in the value of the Securities will be greater 
than any positive and/or negative performance of the Reference Asset(s). A holder of such 
Securities may therefore participate disproportionately in any positive performance and/or may

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
15 
have a disproportionate exposure to any negative performance of the Reference Asset(s). Due 
to this multiplier or leverage factor, such Securities represent a very speculative and risky form 
of investment, since any loss in the value of the Reference Asset(s) carries the risk of a 
disproportionately higher loss on the Securities. 
3.2
A "participation" level of less than one means that you will not share in the full positive 
performance of the Reference Asset(s) 
Where a formula used to determine the amount payable and/or deliverable with respect to the 
Securities contains an explicit or implicit "participation" level or other multiplier or leverage 
factor of less than one, then the percentage change in the value of the Security will be less than 
any positive and/or negative performance of the Reference Asset(s). A holder of such Securities 
will therefore not participate fully in the performance (whether positive or negative) of the 
Reference Asset(s). In such case, the return on the Securities will be disproportionately lower 
than any positive performance of the Reference Asset(s). Accordingly, in such case, your return 
on the Securities may be significantly less than if you had purchased the Reference Asset(s) 
directly or through another product. 
3.3
The potential return will be limited where the Securities include a cap 
Where a formula used to determine the amount payable and/or deliverable with respect to the 
Securities contains a cap, your ability to participate in any change in the value of the Reference 
Asset(s) over the term of the Securities will be limited, no matter how much the level, price, 
rate or other applicable value of the Reference Asset(s) may rise beyond the cap level over the 
life of the Securities. Accordingly, your return on the Securities may be significantly less than 
if you had purchased the Reference Asset(s) directly or through another product. 
3.4
There are risks where the Securities include an Issuer call option 
(a)
Exercise of call option by the Issuer in its discretion with no obligation to consider the 
interests of holders of the Securities 
Where the terms and conditions of the Securities provide that the Issuer has the right to call for 
the early redemption or termination of the Securities, the determination by the Issuer of whether 
it will exercise this right will be made by the Issuer at its discretion, and the Issuer is under no 
obligation to consider the interests of the holders of the Securities. Any determination by the 
Issuer to exercise its call option will be conclusive and binding on all persons, including the 
holders of the Securities. 
(b)
Reinvestment Risk 
In determining whether or not to exercise its call option, the Issuer may take into account various 
factors, including (for example) the current level of the Reference Asset(s) and the perceived 
likelihood that such levels will be maintained, or will increase or decrease, in the future. The 
Issuer may consider whether the expected performance of the Reference Asset(s) could imply 
that a higher amount could be payable in the future under the Securities than the Optional 
Redemption Amount payable by it were it to exercise its call option. As a result, it is likely that 
the Issuer will exercise its call option at a time in which the redemption or termination of the 
Securities is least favourable to the holders, and when the holders would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption or termination proceeds at an effective return as high as the return on the 
Securities being redeemed or terminated. You should consider such reinvestment risk in light 
of other available investments at the time you consider purchasing the Securities. 
(c)
Limitation on the market value of the Securities 
An optional redemption or termination feature on the part of the Issuer of the Securities is likely 
to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem or terminate 
the Securities, the market value of the Securities generally will not rise above the value at which 
they can be redeemed or terminated, and this also may be the case prior to the beginning of any 
redemption or termination period. 
(d)
No further participation in any future positive performance of the Reference Asset(s)

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
16 
Where the terms and conditions of the Securities provide that the Issuer has the right to call for 
the early redemption or termination of the Securities, following any such exercise by the Issuer, 
you will lose the opportunity to participate any further through your Securities in the 
performance of the Reference Asset(s). 
3.5
There are risks where the Securities include an averaging feature 
If so provided in the applicable terms and conditions of the Securities, the amount payable (or 
deliverable) on the Securities (whether at maturity or otherwise) will be based on the arithmetic 
average of the applicable levels, prices, rates or other applicable values of the Reference Asset(s) 
on each of the specified averaging dates, and not the simple performance of the Reference 
Asset(s) over the term of the Securities. In such case, if (for example) the applicable level, price, 
rate or other applicable value of the particular Reference Asset(s) dramatically surged on the 
last of the averaging dates (other than the initial averaging dates) or dramatically diminished on 
the last of the initial averaging dates, the amount payable on the Securities may be significantly 
less than it would have been had the amount payable been linked only to the applicable level, 
price, rate or other applicable value of the particular Reference Asset(s) on that last averaging 
date. 
3.6
There are risks where coupon amounts payable throughout the term of the Securities are 
conditional on certain performance criteria and may be deferred accordingly 
In the case of "Memory Coupon", "Memory Coupon with Instalment Feature", "Memory 
Enhanced Coupon" or "Memory Contingent Floating Rate Coupon", the payment of any coupon 
amount throughout the term of the Securities will be conditional on the value or performance of 
the Reference Asset(s). The coupon amount payable will be zero on a Coupon Payment Date if 
the Reference Asset(s) does not perform in accordance with the terms of the Securities although 
such payment will be deferred to the next Coupon Payment Date. If the Reference Asset(s) 
meets the performance criteria, the coupon payable will be an amount for the current Coupon 
Payment Date plus any amounts deferred from previous Coupon Payment Dates where coupon 
was not paid. Investors in the Securities will not be paid any coupon or other allowance for the 
deferred payments of coupon and it is possible that the Reference Asset(s) never meets the 
performance criteria, meaning that investors will not receive any coupon at all for the lifetime 
of the Securities. 
3.7
There are risks where the Securities include a coupon payment deferral 
In the case of "In Fine Coupon" or "In Fine Memory Coupon", any coupon amount in respect 
of each Coupon Valuation Date will not be paid until the Coupon Payment Date falling at the 
end of the term, and no interest will accrue on any such coupon amounts. You must be prepared 
to hold your Securities to full maturity without the receipt of any intervening income. 
4.
Risks related to Securities which are linked to a floating rate of interest or to a swap rate 
and/or to a "benchmark" index 
4.1
The floating rate of interest may decline over the terms of the Securities and the yield may 
be less than a comparable investment in a fixed rate security 
A key difference between floating rate Securities and fixed rate Securities is that interest income 
on floating rate Securities cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, it is not 
possible to determine a definite yield of floating rate Securities at the time of investment, so that 
an investor's return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer 
fixed interest periods. If the terms and conditions of the Securities provide for frequent interest 
payment dates, you will be exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline: that is, 
you may be able to reinvest the interest income paid to you only at the relevant lower interest 
rates then prevailing.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
17 
4.2
If a floating rate or swap rate is discontinued, modified or declared unrepresentative, then 
the rate of interest or coupon will be calculated in a different way or the Securities may be 
redeemed 
If a floating rate or a swap rate (including, for example, GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate or USD 
SOFR ICE Swap Rate) were to be discontinued or modify its methodology or be declared 
unrepresentative by its administrator of the market or economic reality that it is intended to 
measure, the rate of interest or coupon on any Securities which reference such rate (such as 
Floating Rate Notes and Floating Rate Coupon Certificates) will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Securities (as set out in General Condition 
4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and General Condition 8.2 (Floating Rate Coupon)).  
Depending on the manner in which the rate is to be determined under the terms and conditions 
of the relevant Securities, the Calculation Agent may determine to obtain the interest or coupon 
rate in accordance with the following methodologies: 
(i)
where the rate is a Compounded RFR, the rate shall be replaced by the applicable 
Recommended Fallback Rate. Where the Recommended Fallback Rate is used, the 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustments that it determines to be appropriate, if 
any, to any one or more of the Conditions or other terms of the Securities, including, 
without limitation, any Condition or term relevant to the settlement or payment under the 
Securities, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to preserve the economics of 
the Securities and to otherwise account for such replacement; 
(ii)
where the rate is a Compounded Index, the rate shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to: 
(a)
the last published level of the applicable Compounded Index; 
(b)
the benchmark methodology for the applicable Compounded Index, as published 
by the administrator thereof; and 
(c)
the Underlying RFR, as provided by the administrator of the Underlying RFR for 
each day in respect of which the Underlying RFR is required for such 
determination; 
(iii)
where the rate is a Compounded Index and the Underlying RFR has been discontinued, 
the rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to: 
(a)
the last published level of the applicable Compounded Index; 
(b)
the benchmark methodology for the applicable Compounded Index, as published 
by the administrator thereof; and 
(c)
the rate that would apply for derivative transactions referencing the 2021 
Definitions with respect to the applicable Underlying RFR; 
(iv)
where the rate is a Swap Rate, the rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the alternative rate of interest or coupon formally recommended by (in the 
following order): 
(a)
the central bank for the currency in which the rate is denominated; or 
(b)
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank, the central bank (if 
different) or other supervisor responsible for supervising (i) the rate, or (ii) the 
administrator of the rate; or 
(c)
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank or supervisor, any 
working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by any such central 
bank or supervisor, or any group thereof, or

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
18 
(d)
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (a), (b) or (c), the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof, or 
(e)
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (a), (b), (c) or (d), where 
such alternative rate of interest or coupon is substantially the same as the rate, the 
administrator, 
provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no such alternative rate of 
interest or coupon, the rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
such other reference rate(s) and/or price source(s) and/or combination thereof that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative to the rate. 
Notwithstanding the above, where (a) the rate is not a rate in respect of which a determination 
methodology is specified in any of paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, or (b) the rate is a 
rate in respect of which a determination methodology is specified in any of paragraphs (i), (ii), 
(iii) and (iv) above and "Generic Permanent Fallback" is specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate in respect of such Securities in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, 
as: 
(i)
a substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source that it has 
determined is the industry-accepted standard in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source for the relevant rate; or 
(ii)
if it determines there is no such industry-accepted standard in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, index, 
benchmark or other price source, then a substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark 
or other price source that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the 
rate, taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market), 
provided that (i) any such substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source 
may (without limitation) comprise a replacement rate which is determined on a backwards-
looking compounding basis by reference to a "risk-free rate"; (ii) there may be more than one 
such substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source (which may be applied 
as of one or more effective dates); (iii) the replacement rate may include an adjustment factor 
or adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative); and (iv) the terms and conditions of 
the Securities may be subject to adjustment as described in the paragraph immediately below. 
If the Calculation Agent determines the rate of interest or coupon in accordance with the above, 
it may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, 
calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the 
Securities to account for such change to the method of determination of the rate of interest or 
coupon, including in order to reduce or eliminate any change in the economic value of the 
Securities from such change to the method of determination of the rate of interest or coupon. 
Any such adjustment(s) may include an adjustment factor and/or adjustment spread together 
with any technical, administrative or operational changes. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the application of these provisions (i) would not achieve 
a commercially reasonable result (because it is not possible or commercially reasonable to 
identify a replacement or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source, or relevant 
adjustments or for any other reason) and/or (ii) is or would be unlawful at any time under any 
applicable law or regulation or it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements to 
determine the interest or coupon amount upon in accordance with the terms of such provisions, 
the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the 
Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal 
to the Early Payment Amount (subject to as provided in the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Securities). In such case, you may lose some or all of your investment. See Risk Factor 5.1(b) 
"The 'Early Payment Amount' may be less than the original invested amount".

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
19 
Any such consequence as described above could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on the Securities. See also the risk factors immediately below with regard to the risks 
in connection with the reform and potential replacement of the "risk-free rates" and swap rates 
(including, for example, GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate or USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate). 
4.3
Risks associated with benchmark reform 
EU or UK legislation applicable to the provision and use of benchmarks could have a material 
adverse impact on the value of and return on Securities linked to a benchmark. 
The EU Regulation 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation") and the EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation", and together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the "Benchmarks 
Regulations") are a key element of regulatory reform in the EU and the UK, respectively. 
Interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and indices, including equity, commodity and 
"proprietary" indices or strategies, will in most cases be within scope of one or both of the 
Benchmarks Regulations as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable 
under, or the value of, certain financial instruments (including (i) in the case of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, Securities listed on an EU regulated market or an EU multilateral 
trading facility ("MTF") and (ii) in the case of the UK Benchmarks Regulation, Securities listed 
on a UK recognised investment exchange or a UK MTF), and in a number of other 
circumstances.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the 
administration of a benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in the EU. Amongst other things, 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation requires EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered as such and to comply with extensive requirements relating to benchmark 
administration. It also prohibits (subject to applicable transitional provisions) certain uses by 
EU supervised entities of (a) benchmarks provided by EU administrators which are not 
authorised or registered in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and (b) benchmarks 
provided by non-EU administrators where (i) the administrator's regulatory regime has not been 
determined to be "equivalent" to that of the EU, (ii) the administrator has not been recognised 
in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and (iii) the benchmark has not been 
endorsed in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
The UK Benchmarks Regulation imposes substantially the same obligations and restrictions as 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation, but has a narrower geographical scope. It applies to the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark, the administration of a benchmark, and the use of a 
benchmark in the United Kingdom. In-scope entities include UK benchmark administrators and 
UK supervised entities. 
The European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") maintains a public register of EU-
approved benchmark administrators and approved non-EU benchmarks pursuant to the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. The UK's Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") maintains a separate 
public register of FCA-approved benchmark administrators and approved non-UK benchmarks 
pursuant to the UK Benchmarks Regulation.  
Third-country administrators relying on the transitional provisions in the relevant Benchmarks 
Regulation are not included in the ESMA Register or the FCA Register, as applicable. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material 
adverse impact on the value of and return on Securities linked to a benchmark. For example: 

a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation may not be used in certain ways by an EU supervised entity if (subject to 
applicable transitional provisions) its administrator does not obtain authorisation or 
registration from its EU competent authority (or, if a non-EU entity, does not satisfy 
the "equivalence" conditions and is not "recognised" by an EU competent authority,

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
20 
pending an equivalence decision, and does not have the relevant benchmark "endorsed" 
by an EU supervised entity). If the benchmark administrator does not obtain or 
maintain (as applicable) such authorisation or registration (or, if a non-EU entity, 
"equivalence" is not available and neither recognition nor endorsement is obtained), 
then the terms and conditions of the Securities may be adjusted by the Calculation 
Agent or the Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity; 

similarly, a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation may not be used in certain ways by an UK supervised entity 
if (subject to applicable transitional provisions) its administrator does not obtain 
authorisation or registration from the FCA (or, if a non-UK entity, does not satisfy the 
"equivalence" conditions and is not "recognised" by the FCA, pending an equivalence 
decision, and does not have the relevant benchmark "endorsed" by a UK supervised 
entity). If the benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such 
authorisation or registration (or, if a non-UK entity, "equivalence" is not available and 
neither recognition nor endorsement is obtained), then the terms and conditions of the 
Securities may be adjusted by the Calculation Agent or the Securities may be redeemed 
prior to maturity; 

if the Reference Asset is a benchmark and it would be unlawful or contradictory to any 
applicable licensing requirements for the Calculation Agent to determine the level or 
other value of such Reference Asset or make any other determination in respect of the 
Securities which it would otherwise be obliged to do so pursuant to the Conditions, 
then the Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity; and   

the methodology or other terms of the benchmark could be changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the applicable Benchmarks Regulation, or mandatory 
substitution of a benchmark with a replacement benchmark could be imposed by 
statute. Any such changes could reduce or increase the rate or level or affect the 
volatility of the published rate or level, and (depending on the type of the particular 
Securities) could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Securities including potentially 
determination by the Calculation Agent of the rate or level in its discretion and the 
Securities could be redeemed prior to maturity. 
You should consult your own independent advisers and make your own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulations. 
4.4
Replacement of interbank offered rates with risk-free rates (RFRs), risks relating to the 
developing markets for SONIA, SOFR, €STR, TONA, SARON and other RFRs and the 
potential impact on performance and returns, and risks associated with compounding 
methodologies 
(a)
Risk-free rates perform differently from discontinued interbank offered rates 
RFRs are inherently different from the now discontinued interbank offered rates ("IBORs") 
that they have largely replaced. RFR-referencing Securities may not perform in the same way 
or yield the same or similar economic outcomes as historical IBOR-referencing securities. 
Most IBORs have been modified or discontinued and relatively new RFRs are often used in 
their place, including (amongst others): 
(i)
the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") in place of sterling LIBOR; 
(ii)
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") in place of USD LIBOR; 
(iii)
the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate ("TONA") in place of Japanese yen LIBOR; 
(iv)
the Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR") in place of EURIBOR and EONIA; and 
(v)
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight ("SARON") in place of CHF LIBOR.

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
21 
The transition away from IBORs has also impacted IBOR-based swap rates, many of which 
have been discontinued and replaced with RFR-based swap rates. For example: 

GBP: SONIA is now the primary sterling interest rate benchmark. ICE Benchmark 
Administration ("IBA") administers the GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate, which can be 
used in place of the discontinued GBP LIBOR ICE Swap Rate. 

USD: SOFR has been identified as the rate that represents best practice for use in U.S. 
dollar derivatives and other financial contracts. IBA administers the USD SOFR ICE 
Swap Rate, which can be used in place of the discontinued USD LIBOR ICE Swap 
Rate. 

JPY: TONA has been recommended as the primary risk-free rate for use in Japanese 
yen derivatives and other financial contracts. Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) 
Limited administers the Tokyo Swap Rate (for swaps referencing TONA), which can 
be used in place of the JPY LIBOR Tokyo Swap Rate. 

Euro: €STR has been recommended as the new euro risk-free rate. In May 2021, an 
official EU working group published guidance for fallback provisions in new 
EURIBOR-referencing contracts and financial instruments (including bonds) to 
address, among other things, the potential future discontinuation of EURIBOR. 

CHF: SARON has been identified as the recommended alternative to CHF LIBOR. 

Other: Similar initiatives have been undertaken in respect of IBORs in other currencies, 
including Hong Kong dollar (HIBOR), Australian dollar (BBSW) and Canadian dollar 
(CDOR), to transition away from these rates to identified RFRs. 
RFRs have different methodologies and other important differences from IBORs. For example, 
many replacement RFRs are backward-looking, rather than forward-looking. Interest on 
Securities which reference a backward-looking RFR is not determined until the end of the 
relevant interest calculation period, so you may be unable to estimate the amount of interest that 
will accrue over a specific interest calculation period at the outset. 
RFRs may have little historical track record and it may be difficult to compare them to other 
rates and even harder to understand how they may perform in the future. The level of an RFR 
during the term of the Securities may bear little or no relation to historical actual or indicative 
data. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to 
an RFR, such as correlations, may change in the future. Further, market terms for Securities 
linked to RFRs, such as the spread over the rate reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve 
over time. Trading prices of such Securities may be lower than those of later-issued securities 
as a result. 
RFRs are overnight rates based on large volumes of interbank transactions or transactions 
secured by central banks' treasury securities, and do not measure bank-specific credit risk. In 
contrast, IBORs are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a credit risk 
premium based on interbank lending. As a result, RFRs are less likely than historical IBORs to 
correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean that market 
participants would not consider any such RFR a suitable substitute or successor for all of the 
purposes for which LIBOR was historically used (including, without limitation, as a 
representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks). This may, in turn, lessen 
market acceptance of any such RFR. Investors should be aware that IBORs and RFRs may 
behave materially differently as reference interest rates for Securities. 
Any of these factors, and/or related future developments, could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on Securities linked to risk-free rates. 
(b)
Risks relating to the developing markets for SONIA, SOFR, €STR, TONA, SARON and other 
RFRs and the potential impact on performance and returns

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
22 
Market conventions applicable to RFRs continue to develop and could give rise to 
discrepancies between the terms of RFR-referencing Securities and other financial 
instruments, including other RFR-referencing securities and/or derivatives used for hedging 
purposes. This may adversely impact holders of Securities, including by increasing volatility 
or reducing liquidity. 
The market continues to develop in relation to adoption of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, TONA and 
SARON (and the other RFRs) as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar, 
euro, yen and Swiss franc bonds, respectively, (and any other relevant currency in relation to an 
RFR) and their adoption as alternatives to relevant IBORs. The market or a significant part 
thereof may adopt an application of RFRs that differs significantly from that set out in the 
Conditions and used in relation to RFR-referencing Securities. For example, market participants 
and official working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on RFRs, including 
term SONIA, SOFR, €STR, TONA and SARON reference rates (which seek to measure the 
market's forward expectation of an average SONIA, SOFR, €STR, TONA or SARON over a 
designated term), and it is possible that market participants may seek to apply such compounded 
rate or term rates for capital markets issuances. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue RFR-referencing Securities that differ materially in terms 
of interest or coupon determination when compared with previous RFR-referencing Securities 
issued by it under the Programme.  
The development of RFRs could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, and/or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any RFR-referencing Securities issued under the 
Programme from time to time.  
Some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such RFR-referencing Securities without 
changes to their information technology or other operational systems to account for such 
backwards-looking calculation, which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Securities. 
Further, if the Securities become due and payable on a date which is not an Interest Payment 
Date or Coupon Payment Date (as applicable), the final Rate of Interest or Floating Rate Coupon 
payable in respect of such Securities shall be determined by reference to a shortened period 
ending immediately prior to the date on which the Securities become due and payable or are 
scheduled for redemption. 
RFR-referencing Securities may have no established trading market, and an established trading 
market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for RFR-referencing 
Securities may evolve over time, and may lead to impacts on trading prices and values, and such 
Securities may not be able to be sold or may not be able to be sold at prices that will provide a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Similarly, the manner of adoption or application of RFRs in the eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of RFRs in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. You should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any 
hedging or other financial arrangements which you may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of RFR-referencing Securities. 
(c)
Risks associated with compounding methodologies of RFRs 
The two most common compounding methodologies, "Shift" and "Lag", are different and 
may result in different amounts of interest being payable. 
The Issue Terms for the relevant Securities may specify either "Shift" or "Lag" as the applicable 
methodology for the daily compounding of the relevant RFR in arrears. The two methodologies 
differ in the period that each uses when weighting a business day's overnight rate for the relevant 
RFR. The "Shift" methodology weights the relevant RFR according to the applicable number of 
business days in a separate observation period which 'shadows' the Interest Period or Floating 
Rate Coupon Period (e.g. the observation period might start and end five business days 
preceding the relevant start and end date of the Interest Period or Floating Rate Coupon Period).

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
23 
The "Lag" approach weights the relevant RFR according to the applicable number of business 
days in the actual Interest Period or Floating Rate Coupon Period. You should be aware that 
divergence between the "Shift" and "Lag" methodologies could lead to a difference in the 
interest or coupon being determined even where the relevant RFR is the same for the Securities 
and you may receive less interest or coupon for any particular depending on which approach is 
applicable. 
The amount of interest or coupon payable in respect of Securities linked to the applicable RFR 
will be calculated by reference to (i) the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
(with the daily RFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest); or (ii) where "Index 
Determination" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms for the relevant Securities, a screen 
rate, formula or value as may be published by the administrator of the relevant RFR. You should 
be aware that divergence between these methodologies could lead to a difference in the interest 
or coupon being determined even where the relevant 'risk-free rate' is the same for the Securities 
and you may receive less interest or coupon for any particular depending on which approach is 
applicable. 
4.5
Additional risks associated with SONIA 
SONIA is a relatively new rate, which has little track record. It is a backward-looking rate so 
the interest payable under an Interest Period or Floating Rate Coupon Period will not be known 
until near the end of the period. SONIA usage and conventions are still evolving so SONIA-
referencing securities issued at different times may have different terms, including as to the 
calculation of interest. This may affect relative trading volumes and prices. 
SONIA is published by the Bank of England and is intended to reflect the wholesale sterling 
unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the British sterling interbank market. 
As SONIA is published by the Bank of England based on data received from other sources, the 
Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication.  
There can be no guarantee that SONIA will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-linked Securities. If the 
manner in which SONIA is calculated is changed or if SONIA is discontinued, that change or 
discontinuation may result in a reduction of the amount of interest or coupon payable on the 
relevant Securities and/or the trading price of such Securities. Furthermore, SONIA in respect 
of any calendar day may be zero or negative.  
You should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SONIA as an indicator of future 
changes in SONIA.  
The Issuer may in the future also issue other SONIA-referencing Securities that differ materially 
in terms of interest determination when compared with pre-existing SONIA-linked Securities. 
The relatively recent development of SONIA as a reference rate for the bond and structured 
product markets, as well as continued development of rates based on SONIA for such markets 
and market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or otherwise affect the market price of the relevant Securities.  
Interest on SONIA-linked Securities (where SONIA is part of a Compounded RFR or 
Compounded Index) is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant interest or 
coupon calculation period and immediately prior to the relevant interest or coupon payment 
date. It may be difficult for investors in such Securities to reliably estimate the amount of interest 
that they will receive. 
4.6
Additional risks associated with SOFR 
(a)
SOFR is a new and fundamentally different interest rate 
SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ("FRBNY") and is intended to 
be a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralised by Treasury securities. 
FRBNY 
currently 
publishes 
SOFR 
daily 
on 
its 
website 
at 
https://apps.newyorkfed.org/markets/autorates/sofr. FRBNY states on its publication page for

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
24 
SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to important disclaimers, limitations and indemnification 
obligations, including that FRBNY may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, 
rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. Information contained 
in the publication page for SOFR is not incorporated by reference in, and should not be 
considered part of, this Base Prospectus.  
SOFR is a relatively new rate, which has little historical track record. It is a backward-looking 
rate and therefore the interest payable in respect of an Interest Period will not be known until 
near the end of the period. SOFR usage and conventions are still evolving and therefore SOFR-
referencing securities issued at different times may have different terms, including as to the 
calculation of interest, and this may affect relative trading volumes and prices. 
(b)
SOFR may fail to gain market acceptance 
SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as 
an alternative to USD LIBOR in part because it is considered to be a good representation of 
general funding conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. However, as a rate based 
on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk 
and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. 
This may mean that market participants would not consider SOFR to be a suitable substitute or 
successor for all of the purposes for which U.S. dollar LIBOR historically has been used 
(including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of 
banks), which may, in turn, lessen its market acceptance. Any failure of SOFR to gain market 
acceptance could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for, SOFR-linked 
Securities. 
(c)
Any market for SOFR-linked Securities may be illiquid or unpredictable
SOFR-linked Securities will likely have no established trading market when issued, and an 
established trading market for SOFR-linked Securities may never develop or may not be very 
liquid. Market terms for debt securities that are linked to SOFR, such as the spread over the base 
rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and as a result, trading prices 
of SOFR-linked Securities may be lower than those of later-issued debt securities that are linked 
to SOFR. Similarly, if SOFR does not prove to be widely used in debt securities that are similar 
or comparable to SOFR-linked Securities, the trading price of SOFR-linked Securities may be 
lower than those of debt securities that are linked to rates that are more widely used. Investors 
in SOFR-linked Securities may not be able to sell their SOFR-linked Securities at all or may not 
be able to sell their SOFR-linked Securities at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
The manner of adoption or application of reference rates based on SOFR in the bond markets 
may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, 
such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any potential 
inconsistencies between the adoption of reference rates based on SOFR across these markets 
may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of SOFR-linked Securities. 
(d)
Investors should not rely on indicative or historical data concerning SOFR
FRBNY also publishes historical indicative Secured Overnight Financing Rates dating back to 
2014, although such historical indicative data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and 
approximations. Investors should not rely on such historical indicative data or on any historical 
changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the future performance of SOFR. Since the initial 
publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in comparable benchmark or market rates, and SOFR over the term of the Securities 
may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative data. In addition, the 
return on and value of the SOFR-linked Securities may fluctuate more than floating rate debt 
securities that are linked to less volatile rates. 
(e)
Changes in SOFR could adversely affect holders of Securities linked to such rate

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
25 
Because SOFR is published by the FRBNY based on data received from other sources, the 
relevant Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication. There can be 
no assurance that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in SOFR-linked Securities. If the manner in which 
SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest 
or coupon payable on the SOFR-linked Securities, which may adversely affect the trading prices 
of the SOFR-linked Securities. In addition, the interest rate on SOFR-linked Securities for any 
day will not be adjusted for any modification or amendment to the SOFR rate for that day that 
FRBNY may publish if the relevant interest rate for that day has already been determined prior 
to such publication. If the rate at which interest or coupon accrues on the Securities during the 
applicable Interest Period or Floating Rate Coupon Period, as the case may be, on any day or 
for any Interest Period or Floating Rate Coupon Period, as the case may be, or in respect of any 
interest determination date, declines to zero or becomes negative, no interest or coupon will be 
payable on the Securities with respect to that Interest Period or Floating Rate Coupon Period or 
the relevant payment date, as the case may be. 
4.7
Additional risks associated with TONA 
Usage of TONA for debt securities is relatively new. TONA usage and conventions are still 
evolving so TONA-referencing securities issued at different times may have different terms, 
including as to the calculation of interest. This may affect relative trading volumes and prices. 
You should not rely on any historical changes or trends in TONA as an indicator of future 
changes in TONA. 
A Compounded Daily TONA is a backward-looking rate, with interest on TONA-linked 
Securities (where TONA is part of a Compounded RFR) only capable of being determined at 
the end of the relevant interest calculation period and immediately prior to the relevant interest 
payment date. It may be difficult for investors in such Securities to reliably estimate the amount 
of interest that they will receive. 
TONA is published by the Bank of Japan and is intended to reflect the Japanese yen unsecured 
overnight borrowing costs of banks and financial institutions in the Japanese yen interbank 
market. 
As TONA is published by the Bank of Japan based on data received from other sources, the 
Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication.  
There can be no guarantee that TONA will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of TONA-linked Securities. If the 
manner in which TONA is calculated is changed or if TONA is discontinued, that change or 
discontinuation may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the relevant 
Securities and/or the trading price of such Securities. Furthermore, TONA in respect of any 
calendar day may be zero or negative.  
The Issuer may in the future also issue other TONA-referencing Securities that differ materially 
in terms of interest determination when compared with any pre-existing TONA-linked 
Securities. The relatively recent development of TONA as a reference rate for the bond and 
structured product markets, as well as continued development of rates based on TONA for such 
markets and market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or otherwise affect the market price of the relevant Securities. 
4.8
Additional risks associated with €STR 
€STR is a relatively new rate, which has little track record. It is a backward-looking rate so the 
interest payable under an Interest Period or Floating Rate Coupon Period will not be known 
until near the end of the period. €STR usage and conventions are still evolving so €STR-
referencing securities issued at different times may have different terms, including as to the 
calculation of interest. This may affect relative trading volumes and prices.

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
26 
€STR is published by the European Central Bank (the "ECB") and is intended to reflect the 
wholesale euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro interbank 
market. 
The ECB notes that the use of €STR is subject to limitations and disclaimers, including that the 
ECB may (i) materially change the €STR methodology or €STR determination process, or (ii) 
cease the determination and publication of €STR, in each case after consulting with stakeholders 
to the extent it is possible or practicable and all as described in Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of 
the European Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the Euro short-term rate (ECB/2019/19)) (as 
amended). 
As €STR is published by the ECB based on data received from other sources, the Issuer has no 
control over its determination, calculation or publication.  
There can be no guarantee that €STR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of €STR-linked Securities. If the 
manner in which €STR is calculated is changed or if €STR is discontinued, that change or 
discontinuation may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the relevant 
Securities and/or the trading price of such Securities. Furthermore, €STR in respect of any 
calendar day may be zero or negative.  
Although the ECB publishes historical indicative pre-€STR data going back to March 2017, you 
should not rely on any historical changes or trends in €STR as an indicator of future changes in 
€STR. Also, Securities referencing €STR may have no established trading market when issued, 
and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms 
for debt instruments indexed to €STR, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate 
provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of the relevant Securities may be lower 
than those of later-issued indexed debt instruments as a result.  
The Issuer may in the future also issue other €STR-referencing Securities that differ materially 
in terms of interest determination when compared with pre-existing €STR-linked Securities. 
The relatively recent development of €STR as a reference rate for the Eurobond and structured 
product markets, as well as continued development of rates based on €STR for such markets 
and market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or otherwise affect the market price of the relevant Securities.  
Interest on €STR-linked Securities (where €STR is part of a Compounded RFR) is only capable 
of being determined at the end of the relevant interest calculation period and immediately prior 
to the relevant interest payment date. It may be difficult for investors in such Securities to 
reliably estimate the amount of interest that they will receive. 
4.9
Risks associated with Securities linked to SONIA, SOFR, TONA and €STR 
There are specific risks with regard to Securities linked to SONIA, SOFR, TONA and €STR. 
See the discussions in the following: 

Risk Factors 4.4(a) "Risk-free rates perform differently from discontinued interbank 
offered rates" to 4.4(c) "Risks associated with compounding methodologies of RFRs"; 

Risk Factor 4.5 "Additional risks associated with SONIA"; 

Risk Factor 4.6 "Additional risks associated with SOFR"; 

Risk Factor 4.7 "Additional risks associated with TONA"; and 

Risk Factor 4.8 "Additional risks associated with €STR". 
5.
Risks related to early redemption provisions and other terms of the Securities 
5.1
The Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior to their scheduled 
maturity for various unforeseen reasons, and in such case you may receive back less than

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
27 
your original investment and you may not be able to reinvest the proceeds in an equivalent 
investment 
(a)
Events or circumstances leading to early redemption or termination 
Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior to their scheduled maturity 
including for any of the following reasons: 

the occurrence of a mandatory early redemption event (e.g., the price or level of the 
Reference Asset rises above or falls below a pre-determined barrier level), if specified in 
the terms and conditions of the Securities; 

the exercise by the Issuer of a call option, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms (see Risk Factor 3.4 "There are risks where the Securities include an Issuer 
call option" below); 

the exercise by you of a put option, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 

the occurrence of certain events outside of the control of the Issuer or other circumstances 
in relation to a Reference Asset (i) in the case of Securities which are not Belgian 
Securities, determined at the discretion of the Calculation Agent or (ii) in the case of 
Securities which are Belgian Securities, determined by the Calculation Agent in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (see the Reference Asset Linked 
Conditions) or in relation to the floating rate of interest or coupon rate; 

the occurrence of a credit event in respect of a Reference Entity or, subject as provided 
in the relevant Issue Terms, a number of Reference Entities; 

the Issuer determines that its performance under any Security has become unlawful in 
whole or in part for any reason (see General Condition 16 (Early Redemption or 
Termination for Illegality)); 

in certain circumstances where the relevant Issuer determines that it will become subject 
to withholding tax on payments made to it as a result of Holders failing to provide 
information required by FATCA, there is a substantial likelihood that it will violate any 
requirement of, or an agreement entered into with a taxing authority with respect to, 
FATCA or there is a substantial likelihood that a series of Securities will be treated, for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, as being in bearer form (see General Condition 18.3 
(Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation - FATCA)); 

except in the case of Belgian Securities, the occurrence of certain taxation events with 
respect to the Securities or (if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) with 
respect to the Issuer's (or its affiliates') underlying hedging transactions (see General 
Condition 18.4 (Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation – Additional 
Amounts/Underlying Hedge Transactions));  

following an Event of Default (see General Condition 15 (Events of Default));  

except in the case of Belgian Securities, following the occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Hedge Disruption Event (see General Condition 17 (Extraordinary Hedge Disruption 
Event) and Risk Factor 5.4 "Where applicable, the Securities may be redeemed or 
terminated (as applicable) prior to their scheduled maturity due to the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event" below); or 

if (i) it would be unlawful or contradictory to any applicable licensing requirements for 
the Calculation Agent to determine the level or other value of a "benchmark" Reference 
Asset or make any other determination in respect of the Securities which it would 
otherwise be obliged to do so pursuant to the Conditions, or (ii) if the applicable 
benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such authorisation 
or registration or, if a non-EU entity, "equivalence" is not available and it is not

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
28 
recognised, then the Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity. See Risk Factor 4.3 
"Risks associated with benchmark reform". 
(b)
The 'Early Payment Amount' may be less than the original invested amount 
Securities which are not Belgian Securities  
On early redemption or termination in any of the unexpected circumstances described in Risk 
Factor 5.1(a) "Events or circumstances leading to early redemption or termination" above (i.e. 
any circumstances other than a mandatory early redemption event or the exercise of a put or call 
option), you will receive (subject in the case of an occurrence of an Event of Default to claims 
of other creditors and the Securities having a Minimum Redemption Amount or unless 
otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms or the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Securities) the "Early Payment Amount" in full and final settlement of the Securities. Unless 
the relevant Issue Terms specifies the Early Payment Amount as "Early Payment Amount 3", 
or the Securities are Zero Coupon Notes or Linear Zero Coupon Notes, or an Event of Default 
has occurred and the Securities are New York Law Notes, the Early Payment Amount will be 
an amount representing the fair market value of the Securities determined by the Calculation 
Agent using its internal models and methodologies by reference to such factors as the 
Calculation Agent may consider to be appropriate (and where "Early Payment Amount 2" is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) adjusted to account for all costs 
incurred by the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity in connection with such early redemption or 
settlement, including, without limitation, any costs to the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity 
associated with unwinding any funding relating to the Securities, any costs associated with 
unwinding any related Underlying Hedge Transactions, and all other expenses related, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If the applicable Issue Terms specifies the Early Payment 
Amount as "Early Payment Amount 3" or the Securities are New York Law Notes being 
redeemed as a result of an Event of Default, the Early Payment Amount will be the outstanding 
nominal amount of the Security, including, if applicable, accrued interest to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption or settlement of the Securities.  
Where the Securities are Zero Coupon Notes, the Early Payment Amount will be the Amortised 
Face Amount determined in accordance with General Condition 5.4 (Early Redemption of Zero 
Coupon Notes), which shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Security on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face 
Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price 
on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
Where the Securities are Linear Zero Coupon Notes, the Early Payment Amount will either be 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) (i) "Early Payment Amount 3 plus Unpaid Implied 
Yield", being the sum of the outstanding nominal amount of the Security, including, if 
applicable, interest accrued at a non-compounding yield to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption or settlement of the Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (ii) "Early 
Payment Amount 2", being an amount representing the fair market value of the Securities 
determined by the Calculation Agent using its internal models and methodologies by reference 
to such factors as the Calculation Agent may consider to be appropriate, adjusted to account for 
all costs incurred by the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity in connection with such early 
redemption or settlement, including, without limitation, any costs to the Issuer and/or the 
Hedging Entity associated with unwinding any funding relating to the Securities, any costs 
associated with unwinding any related Underlying Hedge Transactions, and all other expenses 
related, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that where the Securities are being 
redeemed as a result of an Event of Default, the Early Payment Amount will be "Early Payment 
Amount 3 plus Unpaid Implied Yield" (as described in (i) above). 
Securities which are Belgian Securities  
On early redemption or termination in any of the unexpected circumstances described in Risk 
Factor 5.1(a) "Events or circumstances leading to early redemption or termination" above (i.e. 
any circumstances other than a mandatory early redemption event or the exercise of a put or call 
option), you will receive (subject in the case of an occurrence of an Event of Default to claims

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
29 
of other creditors and the Securities having a Minimum Redemption Amount or unless 
otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms or the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Securities) the "Early Payment Amount" in full and final settlement of the Securities.  
The Early Payment Amount will be: 

following an Event of Default: 

in respect of each Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount, the 
greater of (i) the Minimum Redemption Amount and (ii) an amount 
representing the fair market value of the Securities determined by the 
Calculation Agent, using its internal models and methodologies by reference 
to such factors as the Calculation Agent may consider to be appropriate; or 

in respect of each Security that does not have a Minimum Redemption 
Amount, the fair market value of the Securities determined by the Calculation 
Agent, using its internal models and methodologies by reference to such 
factors as the Calculation Agent may consider to be appropriate; 

following a Termination Event (Impossible Performance), an amount representing the 
fair market value of the Securities determined by the Calculation Agent, using its 
internal models and methodologies by reference to such factors as the Calculation 
Agent may consider to be appropriate; 

following a Termination Event (Possible Performance): 

in respect of Securities which do not have a Minimum Redemption Amount, 
an amount representing the fair market value of the Securities determined by 
the Calculation Agent using its internal models and methodologies by 
reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent may consider to be 
appropriate plus a pro rata of the total costs of the Issuer (for example, and 
without limitation, structuring costs) paid by the original holder of the 
Securities as part of the original issue price of the Securities as adjusted to 
take into account the remaining time to maturity; and 

in respect of Securities which have a Minimum Redemption Amount, as 
determined by the Issuer and specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be either 
(i) payment of the greater of (A) the Minimum Redemption Amount or (B) 
the fair market value of the Securities determined by the Calculation Agent 
using its internal models and methodologies by reference to such factors as 
the Calculation Agent may consider to be appropriate plus a pro rata of the 
total costs of the Issuer (for example, and without limitation, structuring costs) 
paid by the original holder of the Securities as part of the original issue price 
of the Securities as adjusted to take into account the remaining time to 
maturity; or (ii) (A) where you have exercised your right to early redemption 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Securities, the fair market 
value of the Securities determined by the Calculation Agent using its internal 
models and methodologies by reference to such factors as the Calculation 
Agent may consider to be appropriate plus a pro rata of the total costs of the 
Issuer (for example, and without limitation, structuring costs) paid by the 
original holder of the Securities as part of the original issue price of the 
Securities as adjusted to take into account the remaining time to maturity or 
(B) otherwise an amount equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount plus the 
value (if any) of the option component or embedded derivative(s) of the 
Securities at or around the date on which the Issuer gives notice of the early 
redemption of such Securities plus a pro rata of the total costs of the Issuer 
(for example, and without limitation, structuring costs) paid by the original 
holder of the Securities as part of the original issue price of the Securities as 
adjusted to take into account the remaining time to maturity.

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
30 
See Commonly Asked Question 25 (How is the Early Payment Amount calculated?) of the 
section entitled "Commonly Asked Questions" below. The Early Payment Amount may be less 
than the original purchase price of the Securities and you could lose some or all of your 
investment. 
5.2
There are foreign exchange risks where payments under your Securities are in a different 
currency from your home currency 
If the terms and conditions of your Securities provide that payment will be made in a currency 
which is different from your domestic currency then you are exposed to any adverse movement 
of the currency of the Securities relative to your domestic currency. 
Foreign exchange rates can be highly volatile and are determined by various factors, including 
supply and demand for currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, economic 
factors including inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the 
respective countries, economic forecasts, international political factors, currency convertibility, 
safety of making financial investments in the currency concerned, speculation and measures 
taken by governments and central banks. 
Foreign exchange fluctuations between your domestic currency and the currency in which 
payment under the Securities is due may affect you where you intend to convert gains or losses 
from the exercise or sale of Securities into your domestic currency and may lead to the loss of 
some or all of your initial investment. 
5.3
The occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event may lead to a delay and/or reduced 
payment or a payment in U.S. Dollars or a write down of payment obligations to zero 
A "Payment Disruption Event" is an event which (a) prevents, restricts or delays the Issuer from 
converting or delivering relevant currencies, (b) imposes capital or exchange controls, (c) 
implements changes to laws relating to foreign investments, or (d) otherwise prohibits or 
prevents the Issuer from making a payment or performing an obligation required of it as a result 
of war, catastrophe, governmental action or other event beyond its control. Where the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Payment Disruption Event has occurred or is likely to occur, 
then the next payment or settlement or exercise date (as applicable) under the Securities may be 
postponed to a date falling 14 calendar days after the date on which the Payment Disruption 
Event is no longer occurring. No interest shall accrue and no Event of Default will result on 
account of such postponement. In the event that a Payment Disruption Event is still continuing 
on the date which is one year after the last scheduled payment date for the Securities, then the 
outstanding payment obligations of the Issuer shall be fulfilled by payment on the following 
tenth Business Day of the relevant amount in an equivalent amount in U.S. Dollars based on the 
conversion from the affected currency to U.S. Dollars on the second Business Day immediately 
preceding the payment date, and the Issuer shall have no further obligations whatsoever under 
the Securities. In the event the Calculation Agent is unable to determine the equivalent amount 
in U.S. Dollars, the Holders will not receive any amounts. Thereafter, the Issuer shall have no 
obligations whatsoever under the Securities. Accordingly, the occurrence of a Payment 
Disruption Event may lead to a delay and/or reduced payment or a payment in U.S. Dollars or 
a write down of payment obligations to as low as zero. 
5.4
Where applicable, the Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior to 
their scheduled maturity due to the occurrence of an Extraordinary Hedge Disruption 
Event 
An "Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event" is one or more of the following events (in each 
case, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms): 

an "Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions Event" - in broad terms, due to a change in law 
relating to financial sanctions and embargo programmes (or change in interpretation of 
such law), it becomes illegal or is likely to become illegal for the Hedging Entity to 
perform its obligations under hedging transactions in relation to the relevant Securities. 
For this purpose, "Hedging Entity" means each of the Issuer and any affiliate(s) of the 
Issuer and any entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer engaged in any

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
31 
underlying or hedging transactions relating to the Securities and/or Reference Assets 
in respect of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities. However, an Extraordinary 
Hedge Sanctions Event also occurs where, due to a change in law relating to financial 
sanctions and embargo programmes (or change in interpretation of such law), it 
becomes illegal or is likely to become illegal for the Related Hedging Entity to perform 
its obligations under hedging transactions in relation to the relevant Securities, as if the 
Related Hedging Entity was a party to such hedging transactions. For this purpose, the 
"Related Hedging Entity" means JPMorgan Chase & Co. Therefore, it is possible that 
an Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions Event could occur in relation to your Securities even 
if the particular Hedging Entity is not directly affected by the change in law but 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. would be affected by such change, were it a party to the 
hedging transactions. For example, a change in U.S. law may affect JPMorgan Chase 
& Co. but may not affect the non-US entity in the JPMorgan Chase group acting as the 
Hedging Entity, but this may nevertheless trigger an Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions 
Event, which may lead to early redemption of the Securities. The rationale for the 
extension of Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions Event to JPMorgan Chase & Co. in 
addition to the Hedging Entity is that the corporate policy of JPMorgan Chase may 
require global uniformity with sanction regimes, even where a sanction only applies to 
JPMorgan Chase & Co.; 

an "Extraordinary Hedge Bail-in Event" - in broad terms, the Hedging Entity or its 
counterparty becomes subject to a resolution regime and, as a result, the obligations of 
the Hedging Entity or its counterparties under hedging transactions in relation to the 
Securities are subject to the exercise of a "bail-in" or other resolution power by the 
relevant resolution authority (or it is likely that the resolution authority will exercise a 
"bail-in" or other resolution power within the next 90 days) or there is otherwise a 
material adverse effect on such hedging transactions; or  

an "Extraordinary Hedge Currency Disruption Event" - in broad terms, a governmental 
authority introduces, or is likely to introduce within the next 90 days, a new currency 
and/or capital controls and, as a result, the payment obligations under the hedge 
transactions relating to the Securities are redenominated into another currency and/or 
are subject to capital controls and/or such hedge transactions are otherwise materially 
adversely affected, 
The Issue Terms of the relevant Securities will specify whether or not any of the three events 
described above is applicable or not in relation to those Securities. If an event may be both an 
Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event and a "Payment Disruption Event" (as described in Risk 
Factor 5.3 "The occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event may lead to a delay and/or reduced 
payment or a payment in U.S. Dollars or a write down of payment obligations to zero" above) 
and the Issuer elects to early redeem or terminate (as applicable) the Securities, the 
consequences relating to Payment Disruption Events described in Risk Factor 5.3 "The 
occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event may lead to a delay and/or reduced payment or a 
payment in U.S. Dollars or a write down of payment obligations to zero" will not apply. 
On early redemption or termination, as applicable, of the Securities following the occurrence of 
an Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event, you will receive the 'Early Payment Amount' in full 
and final settlement of the Securities. The Early Payment Amount may be less than the original 
purchase price of the Securities and you could lose some or all of your investment. See Risk 
Factor 5.1(b) "The 'Early Payment Amount' may be less than the original invested amount" 
above. 
5.5
It may not be possible to use the Securities as a perfect hedge against the market risk 
associated with investing in a Reference Asset 
If you intend to invest in Securities to hedge against the market risk associated with investing 
in a Reference Asset, you should recognise the complexities of utilising Securities in this 
manner. For example, the value of the Securities may not exactly match the value of the 
Reference Asset. Due to fluctuating supply and demand for the Securities, there is no assurance 
that their value will match movements in the value of the Reference Asset. For these reasons, 
among others, it may not be possible to purchase or liquidate Securities in a portfolio at the

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
32 
prices used to calculate the value of any Reference Asset(s). Accordingly, due to the above 
factors, you may suffer a loss if you intend to invest in Securities to hedge against the market 
risk associated with investing in a Reference Asset. 
5.6
There are risks relating to "Inventory Securities" which have been issued prior to the date 
of their purchase 
In the case of Securities which have been issued prior to the date of their purchase which the 
Dealer (or other JPMorgan Chase company) has been holding from time to time on its own 
account ("Inventory Securities"), disclosure in relation to the Reference Asset(s) to which the 
relevant Inventory Securities may be linked (if any) as set forth in the relevant Issue Terms will 
have been extracted by JPMorgan Chase from publicly available sources but will not have been 
prepared or verified by, or on behalf of, JPMorgan Chase. JPMorgan Chase disclaims any 
responsibility for such information. Such information will be out of date and no updated 
information thereon will be provided. If there has been any change in the Reference Asset(s) 
since the date of the relevant Issue Terms, this may have an adverse effect on the pay-out and/or 
value of the relevant Inventory Securities. Moreover, any change in the situation or condition 
of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor (if applicable) since the date of the relevant Issue Terms will 
not be disclosed and may have an adverse effect on the value of the relevant Inventory Securities 
held by you. 
5.7
There are risks in relation to Securities to be settled by way of physical delivery 
(a)
You may be required to complete a notice and make certain representations, or else you may 
receive cash instead of physical delivery 
In order to receive the Reference Asset Amount in respect of a Security settled by way of 
Physical Settlement, you may be required to deliver or send or arrange to deliver or send on 
your behalf to the Relevant Clearing System or to any Paying Agent (as applicable) a duly 
completed Reference Asset Transfer Notice on or prior to the relevant time on the Physical 
Settlement Cut-off Date and pay the relevant Delivery Expenses. If you fail to (a) make the 
relevant representations which are set out in the Reference Asset Transfer Notice in respect of 
the delivery of shares of a company (as described in "Purchaser representations and 
requirements and transfer restrictions" - "Representations relating to Securities that may be 
settled by Physical Settlement of Shares" below) or (b) make the required certification of non-
U.S. beneficial ownership, the Issuer may pay what the Calculation Agent determines to be the 
fair market value of the Reference Assets instead of delivering the Reference Asset Amount. 
(b)
You may be required to pay certain expenses 
If your Securities are subject to Physical Settlement, you must pay all expenses relating to 
delivery of such Securities, including expenses, costs, charges, levies, tax, duties, withholding, 
deductions or other payments including without limitation, all depository, custodial, 
registration, transaction and exercise charges and all stamp, issues, registration or, securities 
transfer or other similar taxes or duties incurred by JPMorgan Chase in respect of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities and/or the delivery of the Reference Assets. 
5.8
The Issuer of the Securities may be substituted without your consent 
Save in the case of Belgian Securities, the Issuer of the Securities may be substituted as the 
Issuer of the Securities in favour of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any of its subsidiaries, without 
the consent of the Holders or any right of the Holders to object to such substitution. In the case 
of Securities issued by JPMCFC or JPMSP, the right of substitution is subject to: (i) the Issuer 
or the relevant Guarantor having become obliged (due to a change in law) to pay Additional 
Amounts in accordance with General Condition 18.1 (Obligation to pay Additional Amounts) 
or (ii) the relevant Issuer or any affiliate(s) of the Issuer or any entity (or entities) acting on 
behalf of such Issuer incurring a materially increased cost with respect to taxes in performing 
its obligations in relation to underlying hedging transactions (due to a change in law). The right 
of substitution is conditional on certain terms, including that (a) the new issuer provides an 
indemnity in favour of the Holders of such Securities in relation to any additional tax or duties 
that become payable solely as a result of such substitution and (b) where the original issuer is

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
33 
JPMCFC or JPMSP, as the case may be, the Securities will remain guaranteed by the relevant 
Guarantor. See General Condition 27 (Substitution). 
In the case of Belgian Securities only, the Issuer of the Securities may be substituted as the 
Issuer of the Securities in favour of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any of its subsidiaries, without 
the consent of the Holders or any right of the Holders to object to such substitution. The right 
of substitution is subject to certain conditions, namely that (a) the Issuer being substituted 
guarantees the fulfilment of the obligations of the substitute under the Securities and Deed of 
Covenant (save where the Issuer being substituted is subject to legal restructuring), (b) if no 
guarantee pursuant to (a) is required, the substitute must have a long term credit rating from at 
least one internationally recognised credit rating agency active in the international capital 
markets which is at least as high as that of the Issuer being substituted, and (c) on the date of 
substitution, there is no Event of Default in existence and no event having occurred which 
remains in existence which, in the absence of the relevant grace period, would otherwise 
constitute an Event of Default. See General Condition 27 (Substitution). 
5.9
Purchase of Securities which embed a short position in respect of European stocks and 
indices could be in contravention of any applicable Member State or UK prohibition 
and/or cause an investor to reach a threshold where disclosure of a net short position is 
required under the EU Short Selling Regulation or the UK Short Selling Regulation (as 
applicable) 
Reporting requirement 
Under (i) Regulation (EU) No 236/2012, as amended (the "EU Short Selling Regulation") and 
(ii) for purposes of the UK only, the EU Short Selling Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the "UK Short Selling Regulation"), Holders of 
Securities holding a net short position in relation to a particular share to which the applicable 
regulation applies (as described below) or a debt instrument issued by a sovereign issuer to 
which the applicable regulation applies (as described below) in the case where the investor has 
reached a certain threshold in relation to such position, must make a disclosure thereof to the 
relevant competent authority. The Securities may include short positions in such shares and/or 
debt instruments and such short positions may fluctuate from time to time. Purchasing and 
holding the Securities may therefore, when taken together with the investor's other holdings of 
relevant shares and/or debt instruments issued by a sovereign issuer, cause the Holder to reach 
one or more thresholds where disclosure, to a relevant competent authority, would be required 
under the EU Short Selling Regulation or the UK Short Selling Regulation, as the case may be. 
There is a similar requirement to make public disclosure of net short positions in relation to 
shares when the public disclosure thresholds under the EU Short Selling Regulation or the UK 
Short Selling Regulation, as the case may be, are met. 
A net short position is the position remaining after deducting any long position held in relation 
to the shares or the debt instrument from any short position in relation to such shares or debt 
instrument, in accordance with the EU Short Selling Regulation or the UK Short Selling 
Regulation, as the case may be. For the purposes of the EU Short Selling Regulation or the UK 
Short Selling Regulation, as the case may be: (i) a short position will include (a) the short sale 
of a share or a debt instrument as well as (b) entering into a transaction which creates or relates 
to a financial instrument other than that referred to in (a) where the effect or one of the effects 
of the transaction is to confer a financial advantage on the person entering into that transaction 
in the event of a decrease in the price or value of the share or debt instrument; and (ii) a long 
position will include (a) the holding of a share or a debt instrument as well as (b) entering into 
a transaction which creates or relates to a financial instrument other than that referred to in (a) 
where the effect or one of the effects of the transaction is to confer a financial advantage on the 
person entering into that transaction in the event of an increase in the price or value of the share 
or debt instrument. 
The calculation of a short or long position will include any position held by the relevant person 
indirectly, including through or by way of any index, basket of securities or any interest in any 
exchange traded fund or similar entity, determined by the person in question acting reasonably 
having regard to publicly available information as to the composition of the relevant index or 
basket of securities, or of the interests held by the relevant exchange traded fund or similar

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
34 
entity. Shares in relation to which the EU Short Selling Regulation or the UK Short Selling 
Regulation, as the case may be, applies are those which are admitted to trading in the EU or the 
UK, respectively, although there is an exemption where the primary listing is outside the EU or 
the UK, respectively (as determined by the relevant competent authority). Debt instruments in 
relation to which the EU Short Selling Regulation or the UK Short Selling Regulation, as the 
case may be, applies are those issued by EU sovereigns or the UK sovereign, respectively, 
including any special purpose vehicle ("SPV") established by such a sovereign, as well as the 
European Investment Bank and any EU bail–out fund. 
The applicable threshold is subject to change from time to time as set by (i) in the case of the 
EU Short Selling Regulation, ESMA – see the ESMA website (www.esma.europa.eu) for the 
current applicable threshold and (ii) in the case of the UK Short Selling Regulation, HM 
Treasury – see the FCA website (www.fca.org.uk) for the current applicable threshold. 
Prohibition 
The EU Short Selling Regulation or the UK Short Selling Regulation, as the case may be, 
establishes prohibitions on entering into transactions in uncovered short sales of relevant shares 
(as defined above), debt instruments on EU sovereign debt or UK sovereign debt, as the case 
may be, or credit default swaps on such EU debt within Member States or UK debt. The 
prohibition is subject to a number of exemptions, such as the natural or legal person has entered 
into an agreement to borrow the share or has another absolutely enforceable claim under contract 
or property law to be transferred ownership of a corresponding number of securities of the same 
class so that settlement can be effected when it is due.  
Under certain circumstances and subject to certain conditions, the competent authorities of 
Member States and the UK, as the case may be, can introduce temporary prohibitions that extend 
the prohibition set out above. These temporary prohibitions can increase the scope of the 
instruments caught within the prohibition on uncovered short selling. For example, a Member 
State competent authority or the UK competent authority, as the case may be, can prohibit the 
entry into or increase in net short positions over shares (and other instruments, such as EU 
sovereign debt or UK sovereign debt, as the case may be) in respect of which it has the relevant 
market or is the competent authority for as defined by the EU Short Selling Regulation or the 
UK Short Selling Regulation, as the case may be. Such prohibition may extend to derivatives, 
securities and other instruments which embed a short position on the relevant shares and may 
include indices on such instrument. 
Global application 
Both the reporting requirement, the prohibition and any Member State extensions or UK 
extensions, as the case may be, to these prohibitions which may be implemented from time to 
time under the EU Short Selling Regulation or UK Short Selling Regulation apply globally – 
i.e. they will apply to all investors of instruments which are in scope of the reporting 
requirements or prohibition regardless of whether or not the investor is resident in the EU or 
UK, as the case may be, or in another jurisdiction. 
It is your responsibility to monitor your net short positions and to comply with the 
obligations applicable to you under the EU Short Selling Regulation or the UK Short 
Selling Regulation, as the case may be. Failure to do so could lead to sanctions against you 
under the EU Short Selling Regulation or the UK Short Selling Regulation, as the case 
may be.
5.10
Securities may be amended without your consent or with the consent of only some of the 
Holders binding all of the Holders of Securities 
(a)
All Securities other than French Securities and German Securities 
Subject as provided below, the terms and conditions of Securities (other than French Securities 
and German Securities) may be amended by the Issuer without the consent of the Holders if the 
amendment: 

is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
35 

is made to cure a manifest or proven error; or 

is made to cure any ambiguity or is made to correct or supplement any defective 
provisions of the Securities or the Agency Agreement (as applicable); or 

is made to correct an error or omission such that, in the absence of such correction, the 
terms of the Securities would not otherwise represent the intended terms of the Securities 
on which the Securities were sold and have since traded; or 

will not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Holders of the Securities. 
In addition, other changes may be made to the terms and conditions with the consent of the 
Holders, subject as provided below with respect to French Securities and German Securities. In 
order to make such changes, the Issuer requires the consent of at least 50 per cent. of the Holders 
(in the case of minor amendments) or at least 75 per cent. of the Holders (in the case of more 
fundamental amendments). If the amendment is approved, all Holders will be bound including 
those who did not attend or vote or who do not consent to the amendment. Therefore the Issuer 
may be able to make a change which certain Holders have voted against if 50 per cent. or 75 per 
cent. (as the case may be) of the Holders of the entire series of Securities have approved the 
change. 
(b)
French Securities  
In the case of French Notes, the terms of the French Notes can only be amended if there is a 
quorate meeting of the Holders or a written decision of the Holders in accordance with French 
law. The positive vote of two-thirds or more of such Holders present or represented will bind 
the remaining Holders. In the case of French Securities (other than French Notes), the terms of 
the French Securities can only be amended if there is a meeting of the Holders in accordance 
with French law.  The positive vote of the majority of Holders will bind the remaining Holders.  
In respect of French Notes which have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or 
its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or which can be traded in amounts 
of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), the 
Issuer may amend the Conditions of the Securities without the consent of the Holders to correct 
a manifest error. 
(c)
German Securities  
In the case of German Securities, the terms and conditions of the Securities may be amended by 
the Issuer without the consent of the Holders, if the amendment is to correct any manifest clerical 
or calculation errors or similar manifest incorrectness. In addition, the Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Holders, amend or supplement at its reasonable discretion any contradictory or 
incomplete provisions of the terms and conditions of the Securities, provided that such 
amendments are reasonably acceptable to the Holders. 
Furthermore, the Holders may agree to amendments to the terms and conditions of the Securities 
with regard to matters permitted by the German Bond Act of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) 
by resolution with the majority specified in General Condition 23.1(e)(ii) proposed by the Issuer. 
Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders.  
In all other cases, the terms and conditions of German Securities can only be amended with the 
consent of all of the Holders of such Securities.  
5.11
There are risks associated with Sustainable Securities 
(a)
The use of proceeds of the Sustainable Securities to finance Eligible Projects may not meet 
the investment objectives of an investor 
JPMorgan Chase will exercise judgment and use its sole discretion in determining what 
constitutes an Eligible Project (as such term is defined in the section entitled "Information 
relating to Sustainable Securities" of this Base Prospectus below). If the intended use of the net 
proceeds from the issuance of Sustainable Securities is a factor in your decision whether to

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
36 
invest in the Sustainable Securities, you should determine for yourself the relevance of the 
information set forth under the section entitled "Information relating to Sustainable Securities" 
of this Base Prospectus and "Use of Proceeds" in the relevant Issue Terms, consult with your 
counsel or other advisors and undertake any other investigation you deem necessary before 
investing in the Sustainable Securities. JPMorgan Chase cannot assure you that the Eligible 
Projects that JPMorgan Chase selects for inclusion in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio (as defined 
herein), and to which proceeds from the issuance of the Sustainable Securities may be allocated, 
will at any time meet your expectations concerning direct or indirect environmental or 
sustainability benefits or impacts, expectations for sustainable finance products or any criteria 
or guidelines with which you may wish or be required to comply. In addition, the Eligible 
Projects may have complex environmental, social, sustainability and/or other impacts, and 
adverse environmental, social or sustainability impacts may occur during the construction or 
implementation of an Eligible Project. Furthermore, any Eligible Project may become 
controversial or criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders, which could adversely affect 
the return on, value of and market for the Sustainable Securities.  
There is currently no universally accepted, global framework or definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, an "ESG" (Environmental, Social or 
Governance), "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social" or an equivalently-labelled 
product or project, or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular investment, 
product, project or asset to be defined as "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", 
"ESG" or such other equivalent label; nor can any assurance be given that such a globally 
accepted definition or consensus will develop over time. In the EU, the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation ("EU Taxonomy") (Regulation (EU) 2020/852) establishes a classification system 
(or taxonomy) which seeks to provide a common basis to identify whether or not a given 
economic activity should be considered "environmentally sustainable". Also, the Sustainable 
Finance Disclosure Regulation ("SFDR") (Regulation (EU) 2019/2088) sets out how financial 
market participants must disclose sustainability information including the criteria to qualify 
certain investment products or their holdings as "sustainable investments". However, this 
legislation is still developing (including through the passage of delegated acts) and the Securities 
do not take into account any of the EU criteria for environmentally sustainable investments as 
set out under the EU Taxonomy Regulation and do not qualify as "sustainable investments" 
under the SFDR. Further, the Sustainable Securities are not intended to be compliant with 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds 
marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (the "EU Green 
Bond Regulation"). The establishment under the EU Green Bond Regulation of the EuGB label 
and the optional disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" could 
have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not 
comply with the requirements of the EuGB label or the optional disclosures regime. This could 
result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market price of the 
Sustainable Securities.  
Save as specified in the section entitled "Information relating to Sustainable Securities" of this 
Base Prospectus, the Sustainable Securities or the Eligible Projects are not intended to and no 
assurance is or can be given to investors that they satisfy, in whole or in part, any present or 
future "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG", or equivalently-labelled 
certification, criteria, standard, guideline, taxonomy, label, voluntary guideline and/or other 
independent expectation with which an investor or its investments may be expected to comply 
or otherwise seeks to have. The value of and market for the Sustainable Securities may be 
negatively affected if: any concerns should arise among investors or the market in general about 
the suitability of the Sustainable Securities as "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", 
"social" or equivalently-labelled bonds; the establishment under the EU Green Bond Regulation 
of the EuGB label and the optional disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally 
sustainable" has an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds 
that do not comply with the requirements of the EuGB label or the optional disclosures regime; 
or more broadly, investor demand for "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social" or 
equivalently-labelled bonds diminishes due to evolving investor preferences, increased 
regulatory or market scrutiny of investments linked to environmental, social or sustainability 
objectives, or for other reasons.

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
37 
There is no assurance or representation given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by 
JPMorgan Chase) that may be made available in connection with the issuance of the Sustainable 
Securities, in particular as it regards the ability of an Eligible Project to fulfill any 
environmental, social, sustainability or other criteria. No such opinion or certification is, nor 
should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by JPMorgan Chase, any agent, dealer or 
underwriter for the offering of the Sustainable Securities or any other person to buy, sell or hold 
any Sustainable Securities. Investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion or certification, the information contained therein and the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in the Sustainable Securities. To the knowledge 
of JPMorgan Chase, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not currently subject 
to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight (however, the European Commission has 
published a proposal which, if eventually passed in its proposed form, would require such 
providers in the EU to be authorised by a European competent authority and be subject to a 
number of other obligations and requirements). In addition, any such provider, to the extent 
engaged by JPMorgan Chase, will receive compensation from JPMorgan Chase in connection 
with the issuance of any such opinion or certification, which could give rise to a conflict of 
interest for such provider. For the avoidance of doubt, no such opinion or certification is, or 
shall be deemed to be, incorporated into this Base Prospectus. 
JPMorgan Chase has undertaken to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from the 
issuance of the Sustainable Securities to fund Eligible Projects. However, potential investors in 
Sustainable Securities should consider the following: 

there can be no assurance that the net proceeds from the issuance of the Sustainable 
Securities will be promptly allocated to fund Eligible Projects in accordance with any 
timing schedule and, pending allocation, may be invested temporarily in cash, cash 
equivalents and/or other high quality liquid assets; 

Eligible Projects may be included in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio for up to 24 months 
from the date of JPMorgan Chase's financing, investment or disbursement of funds for 
such projects. Accordingly, any or all of the net proceeds from the relevant Sustainable 
Securities offered may be allocated to existing Eligible Projects and not to any new or 
future Eligible Projects; 

JPMorgan Chase has considerable flexibility in allocating the net proceeds from the 
Sustainable Securities, including reallocating the net proceeds if it determines in its sole 
discretion that any project receiving an allocation no longer meets JPMorgan Chase's 
criteria for Eligible Projects; 

while JPMorgan Chase will not knowingly allocate proceeds from the issuance of 
Sustainable Securities to certain activities (see the section entitled "Information relating 
to Sustainable Securities – Excluded Activities" of this Base Prospectus), JPMorgan 
Chase has absolute discretion in determining whether or not any particular potential 
Eligible Project includes any such activities and it is possible that the circumstances may 
be unclear or ambiguous as to whether any such activities are taking place or are present 
in the relevant project; and 

there can be no assurance that any Eligible Projects will be completed within any 
specified time period or at all, or that such Eligible Projects will achieve the results or 
outcome, environmental, social or otherwise, originally expected or anticipated by 
JPMorgan Chase or as contemplated by the information set forth under the section 
entitled "Information relating to Sustainable Securities" of this Base Prospectus. 
In the event any Sustainable Securities are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no assurance or representation is given by 
JPMorgan Chase, any dealer or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether 
in whole or in part, the expectations of investors concerning environmental, social or 
sustainability benefits, expectations for sustainable finance products or any criteria or guidelines 
with which an investor may be required to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors 
38 
criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or 
securities market to another. No assurance or representation is given by JPMorgan Chase, any 
dealer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect 
of any Sustainable Securities or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be maintained during the life of the relevant Sustainable Securities. 
Any failure of Eligible Projects to achieve the results or outcome originally expected or 
anticipated by JPMorgan Chase or investors, any termination of any listing or admission to 
trading of any Sustainable Securities on any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable" 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market, any 
withdrawal of any opinion or certification of a third party or any attestation regarding JPMorgan 
Chase's complying in whole or in part with any matters subject to such opinion, certification or 
attestation, or any change in demand for sustainability- or green- or social-themed investment 
products may have a material adverse effect on the return on, value of and market for the 
Sustainable Securities and may result in adverse consequences for investors, especially those 
with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. Further, none 
of such events will constitute an Event of Default under the Conditions of the Sustainable 
Securities or give rise to any claim by a Holder of the Sustainable Securities against JPMorgan 
Chase. 
(b)
The businesses of the companies represented in the Shares or Index may not be consistent 
with your expectations concerning sustainable companies or your other investment criteria 
Where the Sustainable Securities are Share Linked Securities or Index Linked Securities, 
JPMorgan Chase cannot assure you that the businesses of the Share Issuer or companies 
represented in the Index, as the case may be, will at any time or from time to time meet your 
expectations concerning sustainable companies or any criteria or guidelines with which you are 
required to comply. In particular, while the net proceeds from the issuance of Sustainable 
Securities may be allocated to fund Eligible Projects, amounts payable and/or deliverable with 
respect to the Sustainable Securities may be linked to the performance of one or more such 
Reference Assets which do not align with and/or take into consideration any "green", 
"sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled certification, criteria, 
standard, guideline, taxonomy, label, voluntary guideline and/or other independent expectation. 
In addition, any Share Issuer or company represented in the Index, as the case may be, may 
experience or cause adverse environmental, social or other impacts, and any such Share Issuer 
or company represented in the Index may become controversial or criticised by activist groups 
or other stakeholders, which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for the 
Sustainable Securities. Even if the Share Issuer or companies represented in the Index, as the 
case may be, currently operate in a manner that is consistent with your expectations and 
investment criteria, no assurance be given that any such Share Issuer or company represented 
in the Index will continue to do so. A Share Issuer or company represented in the Index, as the 
case may be, may make material modifications to its business operations or business model and 
may enter or exit industry sectors over time. JPMorgan Chase cannot assure you that any Share 
Issuer or company represented in the Index, as the case may be, or such Share or Index or the 
Sustainable Securities will meet any or all investor expectations regarding any "green", 
"sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled certification, criteria, 
standard, guideline, taxonomy, label, voluntary guideline and/or other independent expectation. 
5.12
There are specific risks with regard to Zero Coupon Securities 
Changes in market interest rates have a greater impact on the prices of zero coupon bonds than 
on the prices of ordinary bonds because the discounted issue prices may be substantially below 
par. If market interest rates increase, zero coupon bonds can suffer higher price losses than other 
bonds having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, the price risk 
associated with zero coupon bonds is high. 
5.13
There are specific risks with regard to Securities that are denominated in Chinese 
Renminbi 
Chinese Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the People's Republic 
of China continues to regulate conversion between Chinese Renminbi ("CNY") deliverable to

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors 
39 
a bank account in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of 
China ("Hong Kong") maintained in accordance with the prevailing laws and regulations 
("Offshore CNY") and foreign currencies despite the significant reduction over the years by 
such government of its control over routine foreign exchange transactions conducted through 
current accounts. The People's Bank of China ("PBOC") has established a clearing and 
settlement system pursuant to the Settlement Agreement on the Clearing of Offshore CNY 
Business between PBOC and Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited. However, the current size 
of Offshore CNY and Offshore CNY denominated financial assets in Hong Kong is limited, and 
its growth is subject to many constraints imposed by the laws and regulations of the People's 
Republic of China on foreign exchange. There can be no assurance that access to Offshore CNY 
funds for the purposes of making payments under the Securities or generally will remain 
available or will not become restricted. The value of Offshore CNY against foreign currencies 
fluctuates and is affected by changes in the People's Republic of China and international political 
and economic conditions and by many other factors. As a result, foreign exchange fluctuations 
between a purchaser's home currency and Offshore CNY may affect purchasers who intend to 
convert gains or losses from the sale or redemption of the Securities into their home currency. 
Developments and the perception of risks in other countries, especially emerging market 
countries, may adversely affect the USD/CNY exchange rate. 
Holders of beneficial interests in Securities denominated in Chinese Renminbi may be required 
to provide certifications and other information (including Chinese Renminbi account 
information) in order to receive payments in Chinese Renminbi in accordance with the Chinese 
Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong. Payments in 
Offshore CNY will only be made to investors by transfer to a bank account denominated in 
CNY and maintained in accordance with applicable laws and regulations in Hong Kong. 
There is only limited availability of Chinese Renminbi outside the People's Republic of China, 
which may affect the liquidity of the Securities and the Issuer's ability to and the terms at which 
it is able to source Chinese Renminbi outside the People's Republic of China to service the 
Securities. 
If any amount payable under the Securities is in Offshore CNY and the Calculation Agent has 
determined that an event has occurred that negatively affects the liquidity, convertibility or 
transferability of Offshore CNY in the general Offshore CNY exchange market in Hong Kong, 
then the Issuer's obligations to pay amounts under the Securities in Offshore CNY may be 
replaced with the obligation to pay such amounts in U.S. Dollars. 
6.
Risks related to Securities that are linked to one or more Reference Asset(s) and risks 
associated with specific types of Reference Assets  
6.1
No legal or beneficial rights in the Reference Asset(s) 
The Issuer has no obligation to hold the Reference Asset, and the Securities are unsecured. You 
will not have any legal or beneficial rights of ownership in the Reference Asset(s), including, 
any voting rights, any rights to receive dividends or other distributions or any other rights with 
respect to the Reference Asset(s). For example, you will have no claim against any index 
sponsor or share issuer or any other third party in relation to a Reference Asset, and such parties 
have no obligation to act in your interests. Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on the 
Securities than you would have received had you invested directly in the Reference Asset(s) or 
through another product. 
6.2
The past performance of a Reference Asset is not indicative of future performance 
Any information about the past performance of a Reference Asset should not be regarded as 
indicative of any future performance of such asset, or as an indication of the range of, or trends 
or fluctuations in, the level, price or other value of such asset that may occur in the future. It is 
not possible to predict the future value of the Securities based on such past performance. Since 
a profitable investment may be based on a particular trend or pattern in the performance of the 
Reference Asset which has been demonstrated historically, actual results will be different and 
may be materially different from the historical performance, which could have a negative impact

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors 
40 
on the value of and return on your Securities. In such cases, you may not realise the returns 
which you expect to receive from investing in the Securities. 
6.3
The market value or return on the Securities may not be comparable or directly 
proportionate to the change in value of such Reference Asset(s) 
Unlike a direct investment in the relevant Reference Asset(s), Securities represent the right to 
receive payment and/or delivery of amounts which will be determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Asset(s). Whilst the return on the Securities will be 
influenced (positively or negatively) by the Reference Asset(s), any change may not be 
comparable or directly proportionate to the change in value of such Reference Asset(s), and you 
may receive less or lose more than if you had invested in the Reference Asset(s) directly or 
through another product. 
6.4
Risks related to baskets comprised of more than one Reference Asset 
(a)
A high correlation of basket constituents may have an exaggerated impact on the value of 
and return on the Securities 
Correlation of basket constituents indicates the level of interdependence among the individual 
basket constituents with respect to their performance. If, for example, all of the basket 
constituents originate from the same sector and the same country or region, a high positive 
correlation may generally be assumed. Past rates of correlation may not be determinative of 
future rates of correlation. Although basket constituents may not appear to be correlated based 
on past performance, it may be that they suffer the same adverse performance following a 
general downturn or other economic or political event. Where the basket constituents are subject 
to high correlation, any move in the performance of the basket constituents will exaggerate the 
performance of the Securities, and this could have a highly negative (or positive) impact on the 
value of and return on the Securities. 
(b)
The negative performance of a single basket constituent may outweigh a positive performance 
of one or more other basket constituents 
Depending on the particular terms of the Securities, even in the case of a positive performance 
of one or more basket constituents, the performance of the basket as a whole may be negative if 
the performance of one or more of the other basket constituents is negative to a greater extent. 
In such case, the negative performance of one or more basket constituents could have a negative 
impact on the value of and return on your Securities. 
(c)
A small basket, or an unequally weighted basket, will generally leave the basket more 
vulnerable to changes in the value of any particular basket constituent 
The performance of a basket that includes a fewer number of basket constituents will generally, 
subject to the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities, be more affected by changes in 
the value of any particular basket constituent included therein than a basket that includes a 
greater number of basket constituents.  
The performance of a basket that gives greater weight to some basket constituents will generally, 
subject to the particular terms of the Securities, be more affected by changes in the value of any 
such particular basket constituent included therein than a basket that gives relatively equal 
weight to each basket constituent.  
Accordingly, if there are only a few Reference Assets and/or their weighting is not equal, the 
negative performance of only one (or only a few) Reference Asset(s) could have a 
disproportionate impact on the value of and return on the Securities. 
(d)
A change in composition of a basket may have an adverse effect on basket performance 
Where the Securities grant the Calculation Agent the right, in certain circumstances, to adjust 
the composition of the basket, you should be aware that any replacement basket constituent may 
perform differently from the original basket constituent, which may have an adverse effect on 
the performance of the basket and a negative impact on the value of and return on the Securities.

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors 
41 
6.5
Non-trading days or market disruption events may adversely affect the return on the 
Securities 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a scheduled valuation date falls on a day which is not 
a scheduled trading day or any other day which is subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of the Securities, then the relevant valuation date may be postponed. 
The Calculation Agent may determine that the markets have been affected in a manner that 
prevents it from properly determining the value of a Reference Asset on a scheduled valuation 
date. These events may include disruptions or suspensions of trading in the markets as a whole. 
In such case, the valuation date will be postponed and the return on the Securities could be 
adversely affected. 
If any valuation date is postponed to the last possible day and the market disruption event is still 
occurring on that day or such day is not a trading day, the Calculation Agent will nevertheless 
determine the value of that Reference Asset(s) on such last possible day.  
Any such determination by the Calculation Agent may have a negative impact on the value of 
and return on the Securities. 
6.6
Risks related to Securities that are linked to one or more Shares, ADRs, GDRs and ETFs 
as Reference Assets 
An investment in Securities that are linked to one or more Shares, ADRs, GDRs and/or ETFs 
entails significant risks in addition to those associated with investments in a conventional debt 
security, including as discussed below. 
(a)
The performance of the Share(s) will depend on many diverse and unpredictable factors 
The performance of common shares, American Depositary Receipts ("ADRs"), Global 
Depositary Receipts ("GDRs") and exchange traded funds ("ETFs") is dependent upon 
macroeconomic factors, such as interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency 
developments and political factors, and company-specific factors such as earnings position, 
market position, risk situation, market liquidity for the Shares, shareholder structure and 
dividend policy. Any one or a combination of such factors could adversely affect the 
performance of the Share(s) which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on the value of and 
return on your Securities.
(b)
No claim against the Share Issuer or recourse to the Shares 
Share Linked Securities do not represent a claim against or an investment in any Share Issuer 
and you will not have any right of recourse under the Securities to any such company or the 
Shares. The Securities are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any Share Issuer 
and such companies have no obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions 
on Holders of Securities. The issuer of a Share may take any actions in respect of such Share 
without regard to your interests as a Holder of Securities, and any of these actions could 
adversely affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
(c)
No right to participate in dividends or any other distributions 
Unless otherwise specified to be applicable in the terms and conditions, holders of Securities 
linked to common shares, ADRs, GDRs or ETFs will not participate in dividends or any other 
distributions paid on such Reference Assets. Therefore, the return on the Securities may be 
lower than holding such Reference Asset(s) directly or through another product. 
(d)
Securities linked to Shares are subject to risks associated with the applicable country's 
securities markets  
The performance of common shares, ADRs or GDRs may depend on conditions in the country 
or countries in which those securities are traded, and/or the applicable Share Issuer's home 
jurisdiction. The relevant securities markets may be characterised by volatility, and market 
developments may adversely affect the relevant markets differently from other markets.  Direct

--- Page 55 ---
Risk Factors 
42 
or indirect government intervention to stabilise the applicable markets, as well as cross 
shareholdings in the relevant markets, may affect trading prices and volumes in those markets. 
There may not be full or current information about securities that trade in the relevant markets, 
and the Share Issuer will be subject to accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards 
and requirements of the applicable jurisdiction. Trading on the relevant exchanges may involve 
different and greater risks. Securities prices in the applicable country are subject to political, 
economic, financial and social factors that may be unique to that country. These factors, which 
could negatively affect the value of the relevant securities, include the possibility of recent or 
future changes in the applicable government's economic and fiscal policies, the possible 
imposition of, or changes in, currency exchange laws or other laws or restrictions and the 
possibility of fluctuations in the rate of exchange between currencies. Moreover, certain aspects 
of a particular country's economy may differ favourably or unfavourably from others in 
important respects, such as growth of gross national product, rate of inflation, capital 
reinvestment, resources and self-sufficiency. 
(e)
Determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of Potential Adjustment Events, 
Extraordinary Events, Additional Disruption Events and a Successor Index Event (ETF) 
(relating to shares of Exchange Traded Funds) may have an adverse effect on the value of 
the Securities 
Upon determining that a Potential Adjustment Event, Extraordinary Event or Additional 
Disruption Event has occurred in relation to an underlying Share or Share Issuer, or a Successor 
Index Event (ETF) has occurred in relation to a share of an Exchange Traded Fund, the 
Calculation Agent has discretionary authority under the terms and conditions of the Securities 
to make certain determinations to account for such event including to (i) make adjustments to 
the terms of the Securities and/or (ii) (in the case of an Extraordinary Event, an Additional 
Disruption Event or a Successor Index Event (ETF)) cause early redemption of the Securities, 
any of which determinations may have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the 
Securities.  

Potential Adjustment Events: these include (A) a sub-division, consolidation or re-
classification of the Shares, (B) an extraordinary dividend, (C) a call of the Shares that 
are not fully paid, (D) a repurchase by the issuer, or an affiliate thereof, of the Shares, 
(E) a separation of rights from the Shares or (F) any event having a dilutive or 
concentrative effect on the value of the Shares.  

Extraordinary Events: these include (A) a delisting of the Shares on an exchange, (B) an 
insolvency (where all the Shares of the Share Issuer are transferred to a trustee, liquidator 
or similar official or may not be legally transferred) or bankruptcy of the issuer of the 
Shares, (C) a merger event entailing the consolidation of the Shares with those of another 
entity, (D) a nationalisation of the issuer of the Shares or transfer of the Shares to a 
governmental entity, (E) a tender offer or takeover offer that results in transfer of the 
Shares to another entity, or (F) (in the case of shares of Exchange Traded Funds and if 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) a failure to publish the net asset 
value for more than a short period and/or which is non-temporary in nature and has a 
material effect on the Securities, or a permanent cancellation or material modification of 
the index underlying the Exchange Traded Fund.  

Additional Disruption Events: these include (A) a change in applicable law since the 
Issue Date that makes it illegal for any of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and/or any of 
their respective affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of the Shares or (if specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) more expensive for the Issuer to hedge its 
obligations under the relevant Securities or (B) if specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, (I) an insolvency or bankruptcy filing by or on behalf of the 
underlying Share Issuer or (II) a "Hedging Disruption", meaning that the hedging entity 
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (1) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and the Issuer performing 
its obligations with respect to or in connection with the relevant Securities, or (2) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s).

--- Page 56 ---
Risk Factors 
43 

Successor Index Event (ETF): this is an event whereby the index underlying the 
Exchange Traded Fund is either calculated and announced by a successor sponsor or 
replaced by a successor index using the same or substantially similar calculation formula 
and method as the index. 
It will generally not be possible to anticipate the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event, 
Extraordinary Event, Additional Disruption Event or a Successor Index Event (ETF), and the 
occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the 
Securities. 
(f)
Holders may receive physical settlement of Shares in lieu of payment of cash amounts 
Where the Securities include the right of the Issuer, subject to the fulfilment of a particular 
condition, to redeem the Securities at their maturity by delivering Shares to the investor in such 
Securities, you will receive such Shares rather than a monetary amount upon maturity. You 
should not assume that you will be able to sell such Shares for a specific price after the 
redemption of the Securities, or that the sale price of the Shares will be equivalent to the 
purchase price of the Securities. Under certain circumstances the Shares may only have a very 
low value or may, in fact, be worthless. You may also be subject to certain documentary or 
stamp taxes in relation to the delivery and/or disposal of such Shares. See also Risk Factor 5.7 
"There are risks in relation to Securities to be settled by way of physical delivery" above. 
(g)
Additional Risks related to Securities that are linked to one or more American Depositary 
Receipts (ADRs) and Global Depositary Receipts (GDRs) as Reference Assets 
An investment in Securities linked to Depositary Receipts (comprising American Depositary 
Receipts or Global Depositary Receipts) entails significant risks in addition to those associated 
with Share Linked Securities (as described above) and with investments in a conventional debt 
security, including as discussed below: 
(i)
Depositary Receipts do not reflect a direct investment in the Underlying Shares 
There are important differences between the rights of holders of Depositary Receipts and 
the rights of holders of the stock of the Underlying Share Issuer represented by such 
Depositary Receipts. A Depositary Receipt is a security that represents capital stock of 
the relevant Underlying Share Issuer. The relevant deposit agreement for the Depositary 
Receipt sets forth the rights and responsibilities of the Depositary (being the issuer of the 
Depositary Receipt), the Underlying Share Issuer and holders of the Depositary Receipt 
which may be different from the rights of holders of the Underlying Shares. For example, 
the Underlying Share Issuer may make distributions in respect of its Underlying Shares 
that are not passed on to the holders of its Depositary Receipts. Any such differences 
between the rights of holders of the Depositary Receipts and holders of the Underlying 
Shares of the Underlying Share Issuer may be significant and may materially and 
adversely affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
(ii)
Risk of non-recognition of beneficial ownership of the Underlying Shares 
The legal owner of the Underlying Shares is the custodian bank which at the same time 
is the issuing agent of the Depositary Receipts. Depending on the jurisdiction under 
which the Depositary Receipts have been issued and the jurisdiction to which the 
custodian agreement is subject, it is possible that the corresponding jurisdiction would 
not recognise the purchaser of the Depositary Receipts as the actual beneficial owner of 
the Underlying Shares. Particularly in the event that the custodian becomes insolvent or 
that enforcement measures are taken against the custodian following a default by it, it is 
possible that an order restricting free disposition could be issued with respect to the 
Underlying Shares or that such shares are realised within the framework of an 
enforcement measure against the custodian. If this is the case, the holder of the 
Depositary Receipt loses the rights under the Underlying Shares and the Securities would 
become worthless.

--- Page 57 ---
Risk Factors 
44 
(iii)
Distributions on the Underlying Shares may not be passed on to the Depositary 
Receipts 
An issuer of the Underlying Shares may make distributions in respect of its shares that 
are not passed on to holders of its Depositary Receipts. This could have a negative 
adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
(h)
Additional risks related to Securities that are linked to one or more Exchange Traded Funds 
(ETFs) as Reference Assets 
An investment in Securities linked to shares of ETFs entails significant risks in addition to those 
associated with Share Linked Securities (as described above) and with investments in a 
conventional debt security, including as described below: 
(i)
The performance of an ETF will depend on many diverse and unpredictable factors 
and there can be no assurance it will achieve its investment objectives 
An ETF may seek to track the performance of an index, a basket of assets or specific 
single assets (each, a "fund underlying benchmark"). The performance of an ETF may 
be dependent upon macroeconomic factors, such as interest and price levels on the capital 
markets, currency developments and political factors, and company-specific factors such 
as earnings position, market position, risk situation, market liquidity of the shares 
comprising the fund underlying benchmark, or the shareholder structure and dividend 
policy relating to the issuers of underlying shares of the fund underlying benchmark. As 
these factors are beyond the control of the management company, sponsor or trustee of 
the ETF, there can be no assurance that the management company, sponsor or trustee 
will achieve the investment objectives of the ETF. 
The net asset value of a share of an ETF may be calculated from the prices of underlying 
shares relating to the fund underlying benchmark, without taking into account the value 
of dividends paid on the shares of the fund underlying benchmark. Therefore, an 
investment in Securities which are linked to a share of an ETF is not the same as a direct 
investment in the fund underlying benchmark and may result in a lower yield than a 
direct investment in such index or shares or in another product. 
(ii)
No claim against the management company, sponsor or trustee of an ETF or recourse 
to the ETF shares 
Securities linked to shares of an ETF do not represent a claim against or an investment 
in any management company, sponsor or trustee of the ETF and you will not have any 
right of recourse under the Securities to any such company, sponsor or trustee or the 
shares of the ETF. The Securities are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted 
by any management company, sponsor or trustee of the ETF and such entities have no 
obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions on Holders of Securities. 
Accordingly, the management company, sponsor or trustee of an ETF may take any 
actions in respect of shares of the ETF without regard to your interests as a Holder of 
Securities, and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of and return 
on the Securities. 
(iii)
There may be conflicts of interest in relation to the ETF 
In the operation of an ETF certain conflicts of interest may arise that can have negative 
impacts on the performance of such fund. For persons involved in the fund management 
or advisory activities in relation to the ETF conflicts of interest can arise from 
retrocessions or other inducements. In addition, persons involved in the fund 
management or advisory activities to the ETF or their employees may provide services 
such as management, trading or advisory services for third parties at the same time. 
Although they will usually aim to distribute the investment opportunities equally to their 
clients, the fund portfolio and portfolios of other clients may differ even if their 
investment objectives are similar. Any of these persons might be induced to allocate 
lucrative assets first to a portfolio involving the highest fees. Persons providing

--- Page 58 ---
Risk Factors 
45 
management, trading or advisory services to the ETF may make recommendations or 
enter into transactions which are different to those of the ETF or may even compete with 
the ETF. Any such behaviour by persons involved in the fund management or advisory 
activities may adversely affect the performance of the ETF, which may in turn negatively 
affect the value of and return on Securities linked to such ETF. 
(iv)
The performance of an ETF may not correlate with the performance of its fund 
underlying benchmark and, particularly during periods of market volatility, the ETF 
share price performance may not correlate with its net asset value 
An ETF may not fully replicate its fund underlying benchmark and may hold securities 
different from those included in its fund underlying benchmark. Also, the performance 
of an ETF will in most cases reflect additional transaction costs and/or fees that are not 
included in the calculation of the level of its fund underlying benchmark. Further, 
corporate actions with respect to the equity securities underlying an ETF (such as 
mergers and spin-offs) may lead to variance between the performance of such ETF and 
that of its fund underlying benchmark. Any or all of these factors may lead to a lack of 
correlation between the performance of an ETF and that of its fund underlying 
benchmark. 
Because the shares of an ETF are traded on an exchange and are therefore subject to 
market supply and investor demand, the share price of an ETF may differ from the net 
asset value of a share of the ETF. The share price performance of an ETF and its net asset 
value may also vary due to market volatility. For example, during periods of market 
volatility, the liquidity of the shares of an ETF may be adversely affected and market 
participants may be unable to accurately calculate the net asset value per share of the 
ETF. Market volatility may also impair the ability of market participants to issue new 
shares and redeem existing shares in the ETF. Further, market volatility may have a 
material adverse effect on the prices at which market participants are willing to buy and 
sell shares of the ETF. As a result, in circumstances of market volatility, the share price 
of an ETF may vary substantially from the net asset value per share of the ETF. 
For all of these reasons, the performance of an ETF may not correlate with the 
performance of its fund underlying benchmark, and the share price performance of the 
ETF may vary substantially from its net asset value. This lack of correlation could have 
a material adverse effect on the return on and value of your Securities. You may receive 
a lower return on your Securities than if you had invested directly in the shares of the 
ETF or in another product. 
(v)
An ETF may involve varying degrees of risk depending on the tracking techniques 
employed by the management company 
For the purpose of tracking the performance of a fund underlying benchmark, the 
management company may use full replication (i.e. investing directly in all components 
comprised in the fund underlying benchmark), synthetic replication (such as using a 
swap) or other tracking techniques (such as sampling). An ETF may involve varying 
degrees of risk depending on the tracking techniques employed by the management 
company. 
When full replication or synthetic replication techniques are used, an ETF is exposed to 
an unlimited risk of the negative performance of the fund underlying benchmark. In 
addition, such ETF may not be able to acquire all components of its fund underlying 
benchmark or sell them at reasonable prices. This can affect the ETF's ability to replicate 
the fund underlying benchmark and may have a negative effect on the ETF's overall 
performance. 
ETFs using swaps for synthetic replication of the fund underlying benchmark may be 
exposed to the risk of a default of their swap counterparties. See Risk Factor 6.6(h)(vi) 
"Synthetic ETFs may involve additional risks due to the use of derivative instruments".

--- Page 59 ---
Risk Factors 
46 
ETFs replicating the fund underlying benchmark using sampling techniques may create 
portfolios of assets which are not components of the fund underlying benchmark at all 
or comprise only some components of the fund underlying benchmark. Therefore, the 
risk profile of such ETFs is not necessarily consistent with the risk profile of their fund 
underlying benchmark. 
The value of and return on Securities linked to an ETF may in turn be adversely affected 
if the performance of such ETF is affected by the risks associated with the tracking 
techniques employed by the management company.  
(vi)
Synthetic ETFs may involve additional risks due to the use of derivative instruments 
Typically, synthetic ETFs follow a strategy of investing in swaps and derivative 
instruments with an aim to replicate the performance of a fund underlying benchmark. 
Investors investing in Securities linked to synthetic ETFs should consider the additional 
risks inherent in the use of swaps and derivative instruments: 
Counterparty risk: In addition to exposure to the Issuer's credit risk (and, if there is a 
Guarantor, the credit risk of the Guarantor) and the credit risk in respect of the underlying 
ETF, investors in Securities linked to synthetic ETFs are exposed to the credit risk of 
counterparties which have issued the swaps or derivative instruments that underlie 
synthetic ETFs ("Derivatives Issuers"). Derivatives Issuers are predominantly 
international financial institutions and there is a risk that the failure of one Derivatives 
Issuer could have a knock-on effect and lead to the insolvency of other Derivatives 
Issuers. Although Derivatives Issuers may have collateralised their obligations under the 
relevant derivative instruments, there is a residual risk that the market value of the 
collateral posted could have fallen substantially when the synthetic ETFs seeks to realise 
the collateral and could be worth less than the outstanding obligations under the relevant 
derivative instruments. In such case, the holders of Securities may suffer loss of their 
investment for the amount of the shortfall between the value of the collateral and the 
amounts due under the Securities linked to such synthetic ETFs. 
Management risk: Synthetic ETFs are managed in a "passive" manner. This means that 
investments are made in swap and derivative instruments relating to underlying indices 
or benchmarks without the possibility to acquire or dispose of assets on an active basis 
in accordance with economic, financial and market analysis and investment judgements 
made by the fund's investment adviser. Accordingly, there is a risk that the passive 
investment strategy of such fund's investment adviser may not produce the intended 
results. For instance, the synthetic ETF may not be able to reduce the downside of poorly 
performing investments through timely disposition of assets in the portfolio. This may 
have an adverse effect on the value of synthetic ETF and therefore on the value of and 
return on Securities linked to such synthetic ETFs. 
Liquidity risk: Synthetic ETFs are typically not liquid or not as liquid as other ETFs. 
This is because swaps and derivative instruments may not be traded on the secondary 
market. As a consequence of the limited liquidity, wider bid-offer spreads may apply to 
such derivative instruments and this may result in increased operating costs and potential 
losses for the synthetic ETFs and accordingly the value of and return on Securities linked 
to such synthetic ETFs will be adversely affected. 
Tracking error: Although synthetic ETFs track the fund underlying benchmark, there is 
a risk that a discrepancy occurs between the value of the synthetic ETF and the value of 
the fund underlying benchmark. This could be the result of a failure of the tracking 
strategy of the synthetic ETF, currency differences between the ETF and/or the fund 
underlying benchmark, and/or fees and expenses charged in connection with the 
synthetic ETF. The occurrence of such discrepancy could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on Securities linked to such synthetic ETF. 
Trading at a discount or a premium: There is a risk that synthetic ETFs are traded at a 
premium or discount of their net asset value. This may occur if the fund underlying 
benchmark is subject to restrictions or limitation for instance a limitation on foreign

--- Page 60 ---
Risk Factors 
47 
investment imposed in the jurisdiction to which the fund underlying benchmark relates. 
Investors that acquire Securities linked to a synthetic ETF at a premium are subject to 
the risk that they may not be able to recover the premium in the event of termination of 
underlying ETFs or the Securities, as this could have a negative impact on the value of 
and return on the Securities. 
(i)
An ETF may overly concentrate on a certain class of underlying assets or assets located in 
specific countries 
An ETF may in accordance with its fund rules concentrate its assets with a focus on certain 
countries, regions, asset classes or industry sectors while replicating the fund underlying 
benchmark. This can result in the ETF being subject to a higher volatility and further risks as 
compared to funds with a broader diversification as regards countries, regions or industry 
sectors. Such risks may include the risk of government interventions resulting in a total or partial 
loss of assets or of the ability to acquire or sell them at the management company's discretion. 
Such markets may not be regulated in a manner typically expected from more developed 
markets. If an ETF concentrates its assets in emerging markets, this may involve a higher degree 
of risk as exchanges and markets in these emerging market countries may be subject to stronger 
volatility than exchanges and markets in more developed countries. Political changes, foreign 
currency exchange restrictions, foreign exchange controls, taxes, restrictions on foreign 
investments and repatriation of invested capital can have a negative impact on the investment 
result and therefore the value of shares of the ETF.
(j)
ETFs are subject to tax and currency risks, which may indirectly affect the value of Securities 
linked to such ETFs 
The tax status of ETFs in those jurisdictions in which they conduct their business and/or any 
change in taxation rules or treatment in such jurisdictions could affect the value of the assets of 
such ETFs or the ability of such ETFs to achieve their investment objectives. Consequently, this 
could adversely affect the value of Securities linked to such ETFs. 
In addition, remittance of income and capital gains generated by underlying investments of 
ETFs in certain countries may be dependent on there being liquidity in the relevant local 
currency and the absence of foreign exchange controls which inhibit or prevent the repatriation 
of such gains. In any such circumstances, the value of the notional shares of ETFs may be 
adversely affected and as a result the relevant ETFs and the value of the Securities linked to 
such ETFs may be adversely affected. 
6.7
Risks related to Securities that are linked to one or more Indices as Reference Assets 
An investment in Index Linked Securities entails significant risks in addition to those associated 
with investments in a conventional debt security, including as described below.
(a)
The performance of an Index will depend on many diverse and unpredictable factors 
Indices are comprised of a synthetic portfolio of shares or other assets, and as such, the 
performance of an Index is dependent upon the macroeconomic factors relating to the shares or 
other components that comprise such Index, which may include interest and price levels on the 
capital markets, currency developments, political factors and (in the case of shares) company-
specific factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, market liquidity for 
the constituent shares, shareholder structure and dividend policy. Any one or a combination of 
such factors could adversely affect the performance of the relevant Index which, in turn, could 
have an adverse effect on the value of and return on your Securities. 
(b)
Returns on the Securities do not reflect direct investment in underlying shares or other 
constituents of the Index 
The return payable on Securities that reference one or more Indices may not be the same as the 
return you would realise if you actually owned the relevant assets comprising the components 
of the Index. For example, if the components of the Indices are shares, holders of Securities will 
not receive any dividends paid on those shares and will not participate in the return on those 
dividends, save where the relevant Index takes such dividends into account for purposes of

--- Page 61 ---
Risk Factors 
48 
calculating the relevant level. Similarly, holders of Securities will not have any voting rights in 
the underlying shares or any other assets which may comprise the components of the relevant 
Index. Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to Indices than you 
would have received if you had invested in the components of such Indices directly or in another 
product. 
(c)
The type and rules of the Index (or Indices) to which the Securities are linked may have an 
adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities 
Price Return and Total Return Indices 
The rules governing the composition and calculation of the relevant Index may stipulate that 
dividends paid on its components are included in the calculation of the index level (a "total 
return" index) or are not included in the calculation of the index level (a "price return" index). 
Where Securities are linked to a "price return" index, holders of the Securities will not 
participate in dividends paid on the components comprising the Index. As a result, holders of 
Securities linked to such Index would lose the benefit of any dividends paid by the components 
of the Index and such Securities may not perform as well as a position where such holder had 
invested directly in such components or where they invested in a "total return" version of the 
Index, or in another product.  
In the case of Securities linked to a "total return" index, net dividends (in the case of a "net total 
return" index) or gross dividends (in the case of a "gross total return" index) paid on its 
components are included in the calculation of the index level. In the case of a "net total return" 
index, dividends paid on its components may not be fully reinvested in the Index and 
accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to such Index than you would 
have received if you had invested in the components of such Index directly or in another product. 
Decrement Indices 
If the Index has a "decrement" feature, the return on such Index will be calculated by reinvesting 
net dividends or gross dividends (depending on the type and rules of such Index) paid by its 
components and by subtracting on a daily basis a pre-defined amount (a "Synthetic Dividend"). 
The Synthetic Dividend may be defined as a percentage of the index level or as a fixed number 
of index points. Investors should note that any of the following factors, where applicable, could 
adversely affect the value of and return on Securities linked to a "decrement" index: 

An Index with a "decrement" feature will underperform a "total return" index that is used 
as a base index to calculate such Index since the latter is calculated without the deduction 
of a Synthetic Dividend. Similarly, where such Index tracks the performance of a single 
component security, the Index will underperform a direct investment in such component 
security as such investment would benefit from dividends paid by the component security 
without the deduction of a Synthetic Dividend. 

An Index with a "decrement" feature will underperform the corresponding "price return" 
index if the amount of dividends paid by the components of such Index is less than the 
amount of the Synthetic Dividend deducted. Where such Index tracks the performance 
of a single component security, the Index will underperform a direct investment in such 
component security as such investment would benefit from dividends paid by the 
component security without the deduction of a Synthetic Dividend. 

Where the Synthetic Dividend is defined as a fixed number of index points (as opposed 
to a percentage of the index level), the Synthetic Dividend yield (calculated as the ratio 
of the fixed index point decrement to the relevant decrement index level) will increase 
in a falling equities market as the Synthetic Dividend is a fixed amount. In such scenario, 
the fixed deduction will have a greater negative impact on the index level of the relevant 
Index than if the Synthetic Dividend was defined as a percentage of the index level. It is 
even possible that in a steeply falling market scenario the index level could become 
negative, since the amount of decrement expressed in index points will not vary with the 
level of the decrement index.

--- Page 62 ---
Risk Factors 
49 
(d)
The composition or methodology of the Index could adversely affect the market value of the 
Securities 
The sponsor of any Index may add, delete or substitute the components of such Index or make 
other methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components. The 
changing of components of any Index may affect the level of such Index as a newly added 
component may perform significantly worse or better than the component it replaces, which in 
turn may affect the payments made by the Issuer to you under the Securities. The sponsor of 
any such Index may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of such 
Index. The sponsor of an Index will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Securities 
and will have no obligation to any Holder of Securities. The sponsor of an Index may take any 
actions in respect of such Index without regard to the interests of the Holders of Securities, and 
any of these actions could have a material adverse impact on the value of and return on the 
Securities. 
(e)
Consequences of Index Modification, Index Cancellation, Index Disruption and Correction 
of Index levels  
The Calculation Agent has discretionary authority under the terms and conditions of the 
Securities to make certain determinations and adjustments following an Index Modification 
(broadly, changes in the methodology of the Index), Index Cancellation (permanent cancellation 
of the Index) and Index Disruption (failure to calculate and publish the level of the Index). The 
Calculation Agent may determine that the consequence of any such event is to make adjustments 
to the Securities, or to replace such Index with another or to cause early redemption of the 
Securities. The Calculation Agent may (subject to the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Securities) also amend the relevant Index level due to corrections in the level reported by the 
Index Sponsor. Any such determination may have a negative adverse effect on the value of and 
return on the Securities. 
(f)
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events 
Save in the case of Belgian Securities, upon determining that an Additional Disruption Event 
has occurred in relation to the Components of the Index, the Calculation Agent has discretionary 
authority under the terms and conditions of the Securities to make certain determinations to 
account for such event including to (i) make adjustments to the terms of the Securities and/or 
(ii) cause early redemption of the Securities, any of which determinations may have an adverse 
effect on the value of the Securities.  
Additional Disruption Events include (A) a change in applicable law since the Issue Date that 
makes it illegal for any of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and/or any of their respective affiliates 
to hold, acquire or dispose of the Components of the Index or (if specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms) more expensive for the Issuer to hedge its obligations under the 
relevant Securities or (B) if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a "Hedging 
Disruption", meaning that the hedging entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (I) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and the 
Issuer performing its obligations with respect to or in connection with the relevant Securities, 
or (II) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). Any such 
determination may have a negative adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
In the case of Belgian Securities only, upon determining that an Additional Disruption Event 
has occurred in relation to the Components of the Index (i.e. a change in applicable law which 
makes it illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of Components of the Index in the jurisdiction of 
such Components or that of the Issuer or the Guarantor), the Calculation Agent may make 
certain determinations to account for such event including to (i) make adjustments to the terms 
of the Securities and/or (ii) cause early redemption of the Securities, any of which 
determinations may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities. 
(g)
An Index may overly concentrate on a certain class of underlying assets or assets located in 
specific countries

--- Page 63 ---
Risk Factors 
50 
An Index may in accordance with its methodology focus on certain countries, regions, asset 
classes or industry sectors. This can result in the Index being subject to a higher volatility and 
further risks as compared to an index with a broader diversification as regards countries, regions 
or industry sectors. Such risks may include the risk of government interventions resulting in a 
total or partial loss of the relevant assets. Such markets may not be regulated in a manner 
typically expected from more developed markets. If an Index tracks securities in emerging 
markets, this may involve a higher degree of risk, as exchanges and markets in these emerging 
market countries may be subject to stronger volatility than exchanges and markets in more 
developed countries. Political changes, foreign currency exchange restrictions, foreign 
exchange controls, taxes, restrictions on foreign investments and repatriation of invested capital 
can have a negative impact on the investment result and therefore the level of the Index. 
(h)
There are additional risks in relation to Commodity Indices 
See Risk Factor 6.8(d) "Risks related to the "rolling" of commodity futures contracts (including 
commodity futures contracts which are Components of a Commodity Index)" below. 
6.8
Risks related to Securities that are linked to one or more Commodities and Commodity 
Indices as Reference Assets 
An investment in Commodity Linked Securities entails significant risks in addition to those 
associated with investments in a conventional debt security, including those described below. 
(a)
Factors affecting the performance of Commodities may adversely affect the value of the 
Securities; Commodity prices may be more volatile than other asset classes 
Trading in commodities is speculative and may be extremely volatile. Commodity prices are 
affected by a variety of factors that are unpredictable including, for example, changes in supply 
and demand relationships, weather patterns and extreme weather conditions, environmental 
disasters, governmental programmes and policies, national and international political, military, 
terrorist and economic events, fiscal, monetary and exchange control programmes and changes 
in interest and exchange rates. Commodities markets are subject to temporary distortions or 
other disruptions due to various factors, including lack of liquidity, the participation of 
speculators and government regulation and intervention. These circumstances could also 
adversely affect prices of the relevant commodity. Therefore, commodity prices may be more 
volatile than other asset classes and investments in commodities may be riskier than other 
investments. Such volatility may have an adverse effect on the value of and return on Securities 
linked to commodities and commodity indices. 
(b)
Commodities may reference physical commodities or commodity contracts, and certain 
commodity contracts may be traded on unregulated or "under-regulated" exchanges  
Commodities comprise both (i) "physical" commodities, which need to be stored and 
transported, and which are generally traded at a "spot" price, and (ii) commodity contracts, 
which are agreements either to (a) buy or sell a set amount of an underlying physical commodity 
at a predetermined price and delivery period, or to (b) make and receive a cash payment based 
on changes in the price of the underlying physical commodity.  
Commodity contracts may be traded on regulated specialised futures exchanges (such as futures 
contracts). Commodity contracts may also be traded directly between market participants "over-
the-counter" on trading facilities that are subject to lesser degrees of regulation or, in some cases, 
no substantive regulation. Accordingly, trading in such "over-the-counter" contracts may not be 
subject to the same provisions as, and the protections afforded to, contracts traded on regulated 
specialised futures exchanges, and there may therefore be additional risks related to the liquidity 
and price histories of the relevant contracts, which risks may have an adverse effect on the value 
of and return on Securities linked to commodities and commodity indices. 
(c)
Commodity Linked Securities which are linked to commodity futures contracts may provide 
a different return than Commodity Linked Securities linked to the relevant physical 
commodity and will have other risks

--- Page 64 ---
Risk Factors 
51 
The price of a futures contract on a commodity will generally be at a premium or at a discount 
to the spot price of the underlying commodity. This discrepancy is due to such factors as (i) the 
need to adjust the spot price due to related expenses (e.g., warehousing, transport and insurance 
costs) and (ii) different methods being used to evaluate general factors affecting the spot and 
the futures markets. In addition, and depending on the commodity, there can be significant 
differences in the liquidity of the spot and the futures markets. Accordingly, Commodity Linked 
Securities which are linked to commodity futures contracts may provide a different return than 
Commodity Linked Securities linked to the relevant physical commodity. 
Investments in futures contracts involve other risks, including liquidity risks. A holder of a 
futures position may find that such position becomes illiquid because certain commodity 
exchanges limit fluctuations in such futures contract prices pursuant to "daily limits". Once the 
price of a particular futures contract has increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily 
limit, positions in the contract can neither be taken nor liquidated unless holders are willing to 
effect trades at or within the limit. This could prevent a holder from promptly liquidating 
unfavourable positions and subject it to substantial losses. Futures contract prices in various 
commodities occasionally have exceeded the daily limit for several consecutive days with little 
or no trading. Any such losses in such circumstances could have a negative adverse effect on 
the value of and return on Securities a Reference Asset of which is the affected futures contract. 
In the case of a direct investment in commodity futures contracts, the invested capital may be 
applied in whole or in part by way of collateral in respect of the future claims of the respective 
counterparties under the commodity futures contracts. Such capital will generally bear interest, 
and the interest yield will increase the return of the investor making such direct investment. 
However, holders of Securities linked to the price of commodity futures contracts do not 
participate in such interest yields from the hypothetical fully collateralised investment in 
commodity futures contracts and, therefore, may realise a lower return than if they had invested 
directly in commodity futures contracts or another product. 
(d)
Risks related to the "rolling" of commodity futures contracts (including commodity futures 
contracts which are Components of a Commodity Index) 
Commodity contracts have a predetermined expiration date - i.e. a date on which trading of the 
commodity contract ceases. Holding a commodity contract until expiration will result in 
delivery of the underlying physical commodity or the requirement to make or receive a cash 
settlement. Alternatively, "rolling" the commodity contracts means that the commodity 
contracts that are nearing expiration (the "near-dated commodity contracts") are sold before they 
expire and commodity contracts that have an expiration date further in the future (the "longer-
dated commodity contracts") are purchased. Investments in commodities apply "rolling" of the 
component commodity contracts in order to maintain an on-going exposure to such 
commodities.  
"Rolling" can affect the value of an investment in commodities in a number of ways, including: 
(i)
The investment in commodity contracts may be increased or decreased through 
"rolling": Where the price of a near-dated commodity contract is greater than the price 
of the longer-dated commodity contract (the commodity is said to be in 
"backwardation"), then "rolling" from the former to the latter will result in exposure to a 
greater number of the longer-dated commodity contract being taken. Therefore, any loss 
or gain on the new positions for a given movement in the prices of the commodity 
contract will be greater than if one had synthetically held the same number of commodity 
contracts as before the "roll". Conversely, where the price of the near-dated commodity 
contract is lower than the price of the longer-dated commodity contract (the commodity 
is said to be in "contango"), then "rolling" will result in exposure to a smaller number of 
the longer-dated commodity contract being taken. Therefore, any gain or loss on the new 
positions for a given movement in the prices of the commodity contract will be less than 
if one had synthetically held the same number of commodity contracts as before the 
"roll". 
(ii)
Where a commodity contract is in contango (or, alternatively, backwardation) such 
may be expected to (though it may not) have a negative (or, alternatively, positive)

--- Page 65 ---
Risk Factors 
52 
effect over time: Where a commodity contract is in "contango", then the price of the 
longer-dated commodity contract will generally be expected to (but may not) decrease 
over time as it nears expiry. In such event, "rolling" is generally expected to have a 
negative effect on an investment in the commodity contract. Where a commodity 
contract is in "backwardation", then the price of the longer-dated commodity contract 
will generally be expected to (but may not) increase over time as it nears expiry. In such 
event, the investment in the relevant commodity contract can generally be expected to 
be positively affected.  
In the case of Securities which are linked to a Commodity which is a commodity contract, the 
commodity contract will simply be changed without liquidating or entering into any positions 
in the commodity contracts. Accordingly, the effects of "rolling" described above do not apply 
directly to the Reference Asset and the Securities. As a result, a holder of such Securities will 
not participate directly in possible effects of "rolling". However, other market participants may 
act in accordance with the mechanism of "rolling" and such behaviour may have an indirect 
adverse impact on the value of the Reference Asset for the Securities. 
Commodity indices are indices which track the performance of a basket of commodity contracts 
on certain commodities, depending on the particular index. The weighting of the respective 
commodities included in a commodity index will depend on the particular index, and is 
generally described in the relevant index rules of the index. Commodity indices apply "rolling" 
of the component commodity contracts in order to maintain an on-going exposure to such 
commodities. Specifically, as a commodity contract is required to be rolled pursuant to the 
relevant index rules, the commodity index is calculated as if exposure to the commodity contract 
was liquidated and exposure was taken to another (generally longer-dated) commodity contract 
for an equivalent exposure. Accordingly, the same effects as described above with regard to 
"rolling" on the value of a Commodity Reference Asset also apply with regard to the index level 
of a Commodity index, and such effect could have an indirect adverse impact on the value of 
the Reference Asset for the Securities.  
(e)
Legal and regulatory changes relating to the Commodities and derivatives may lead to an 
early redemption or termination  
Commodities and derivatives are subject to legal and regulatory regimes that may change in 
ways that could affect the ability of the Issuer (directly or through its affiliates) to hedge its 
obligations under the Securities. Such legal and regulatory changes could lead to the early 
redemption or termination of the Securities or to the adjustment of the terms and conditions of 
the Securities. Commodities and derivatives are subject to legal and regulatory regimes in the 
United States and, in some cases, in other countries that may change in ways that could 
adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act") 
amends the U.S. federal securities and commodity laws, effecting substantial changes to the 
regulation of the exchange-traded and over-the-counter ("OTC") derivative markets. The Dodd-
Frank Act requires regulators, including the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the 
"CFTC") and the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") to adopt regulations in 
order to implement many of the requirements of the legislation. While the CFTC and the SEC 
have substantially completed their rulemaking under the Dodd-Frank Act, the ultimate impact 
of all potentially relevant regulations cannot yet be determined. For example, there is often only 
limited interpretive guidance as to the precise meaning, scope and effect of many such 
regulations. Nonetheless, these regulatory changes are likely to restrict the ability of market 
participants to participate in the commodity, future and swap markets, whether on an exchange 
or OTC, to the extent and at the levels that they have in the past. These factors may have the 
effect of reducing liquidity and increasing costs in these markets as well as affecting the 
structure of the markets in other ways. Amongst other things, the Dodd-Frank Act and its 
implementing regulations require many derivative transactions, including certain rate swaps and 
index swaps, to be executed on regulated exchanges or trading platforms and cleared through 
regulated clearing houses. Swap dealers are required to be registered with the CFTC or the SEC, 
or both, and are subject to various regulatory requirements, including capital and margin 
requirements. The federal banking regulators, including the Office of the Comptroller of the 
Currency, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Deposit

--- Page 66 ---
Risk Factors 
53 
Insurance Corporation, among others, have also promulgated capital and margin regulations 
applicable to swap entities that they regulate. The various legislative and regulatory changes, 
and the resulting increased costs and regulatory oversight, could lead to market participants 
being required to, or deciding to, limit their trading activities, which could cause reductions in 
market liquidity and increases in market volatility. These consequences could adversely affect 
the level or the price of a commodity or swap or the level of a commodity or swap index, which 
could in turn adversely affect the return on and value of the Securities. 
Depending on the terms and conditions of the Securities, the adoption of regulations or other 
measures which may interfere with the ability of the Issuer to hedge its obligations under the 
Securities may result in the occurrence of any of a "Change in Law", a "Commodity Hedging 
Disruption" (unless specified to be "not applicable" in the relevant Issue Terms) and/or a 
"Hedging Disruption" (where specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms). Following 
the occurrence of a "Change in Law" or "Hedging Disruption", the terms and conditions of the 
Securities may be adjusted to account for such event. Or, following the occurrence of any of a 
"Change in Law", "Commodity Hedging Disruption" or "Hedging Disruption", the Securities 
may be redeemed or terminated prior to scheduled maturity by payment of an Early Payment 
Amount. Such amount may be less than the purchase price of the Securities, and you may lose 
some or up to all of your investment. Further, if the payment on the Securities is made prior to 
scheduled maturity, you may not be able to reinvest the proceeds in an investment having a 
comparable return. See Risk Factor 5.1 "The Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as 
applicable) prior to their scheduled maturity for various unforeseen reasons, and in such case 
you may receive back less than your original investment and you may not be able to reinvest the 
proceeds in an equivalent investment" above. 
In addition, other jurisdictions have implemented, and/or may in future implement, legislation 
similar to that proposed by the Dodd-Frank Act, or other legislation containing restrictions that 
could adversely impact the liquidity of and increase the costs of participating in the commodities 
markets.  
For example, under the recast Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (EU Directive 
2014/65 "MiFID II") and the accompanying Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation (EU 
Regulation 600/2014, "MiFIR"), there are requirements establishing limits on the trading of 
commodity derivatives, which, along with any similar future legislation, could have an adverse 
effect on the prices of commodities and the return on and value of the Securities.  
For example, the FCA has imposed specific position limits for those commodity derivatives that 
are 
listed 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/mifid-ii/commodity-
derivatives/position-limits) and has imposed limits of 2,500 lots for all other commodity 
derivatives. These limits can be modified by the FCA and may have an adverse effect on the 
prices of commodities and the return on and value of the Securities. 
By way of further example, the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EU Regulation 
648/2012) ("EMIR") and its onshored equivalent ("UK EMIR") require the (i) mandatory 
clearing of certain OTC derivative contracts, (ii) reporting of certain information in respect of 
OTC derivative contracts and exchange-traded derivatives and (iii) implementation of risk 
mitigation techniques (including margin requirements) for uncleared OTC derivative contracts. 
EMIR and UK EMIR have broad application and apply to a wide range of market participants. 
They have increased the cost of transacting in derivatives and, along with any similar future 
legislation and/or additional implementing measures under EMIR and/or UK EMIR, could 
adversely impact the price of a commodity, or the level of a commodity index or commodity 
strategy, and the value of and return on your Securities. 
Further, the adoption of or change to certain regulations may negatively impact our hedging 
positions (including by incurring materially increased costs in performing our obligations under 
the Securities and/or maintaining our hedge positions). In such case, we may, in our discretion, 
either (i) amend the terms and conditions of the Securities to account for such change in law or 
(ii) redeem the Securities. If we redeem your Securities, the Early Payment Amount payable to 
you may be less than you paid for the Securities. See Risk Factor 5.1 "The Securities may be 
redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior to their scheduled maturity for various unforeseen

--- Page 67 ---
Risk Factors 
54 
reasons, and in such case you may receive back less than your original investment and you may 
not be able to reinvest the proceeds in an equivalent investment" above. 
(f)
The Securities will be early redeemed if no commodity reference price is determined by the 
Calculation Agent after applying application disruption fallback provisions 
The terms and conditions of the Securities may include certain disruption fallback provisions 
pursuant to which the Calculation Agent may determine the relevant commodity reference price 
when specified disruption scenarios occur. However, there can be no assurance that any of such 
provisions are feasible due to, for instance, the lack of alternate commodity reference price, the 
permanent cessation of trading in the relevant commodities, the lack of fallback reference 
dealers, etc. If the Calculation Agent determines that no commodity reference price could be 
determined by applying any of the applicable disruption fallbacks, it will not be able to calculate 
amount payable or quantity of commodities deliverable under the terms of the Securities. In 
such an event, the Calculation Agent will determine that the Securities shall be early redeemed, 
and the Issuer shall redeem the Securities in full following such a determination. Holders of the 
Securities may be unable to recover their investment in the Securities as a result. 
6.9
Risks related to Securities that are linked to one or more Foreign Exchange Rates as 
Reference Assets 
An investment in FX Linked Securities entails significant risks in addition to those associated 
with investments in a conventional debt security, including those described below.  
(a)
Foreign exchange rates depend on many diverse and unpredictable factors and can be volatile 
Foreign exchange rates can be highly volatile and are determined by various factors, including 
supply and demand for currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, economic 
factors including inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the 
respective countries, economic forecasts, international political factors, currency convertibility, 
safety of making financial investments in the currency concerned, speculation and measures 
taken by governments and central banks. Such measures include, without limitation, imposition 
of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an existing currency, 
alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a 
currency or imposition of exchange controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a 
specified currency that would affect exchange rates as well as the availability of a specified 
currency. Such volatility may have an adverse effect on the value of and return on Securities 
linked to foreign rates of exchange. 
Foreign exchange fluctuations between your domestic currency and the currency in which 
payment under the Securities is due may affect you where you intend to convert gains or losses 
from the exercise or sale of Securities into your domestic currency and may lead to the loss of 
some or all of your initial investment. 
(b)
The occurrence of FX Disruption Events may lead to a postponement of valuation and 
payment and /or alternative valuation 
If one or more FX Disruption Events occurs at any time and is continuing, the Calculation Agent 
may, depending on the particular terms of your Securities, specify and adopt an alternate 
fallback price source, obtain and use quotations provided by leading dealers in foreign exchange 
markets, postpone the relevant valuation date and/or specify and adopt a replacement of any one 
or more relevant currencies. Any consequential postponement of, or any alternative provisions 
for, valuation of an FX Rate may have an adverse effect on the value of and return on your 
Securities. 
(c)
The occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event may lead to an adjustment or the early 
redemption of your Securities 
Upon determining that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred the Calculation Agent may 
make adjustments to the terms of the Securities and cause the early redemption of the Securities. 
An Additional Disruption Event includes:

--- Page 68 ---
Risk Factors 
55 
(i)
a change in applicable law since the Issue Date that makes it illegal to hold, acquire or 
dispose of the relevant currency or assets or (if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms) more expensive for the Issuer to hedge its obligations under the relevant 
Securities; or  
(ii)
if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a "Hedging Disruption", 
meaning that the hedging entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, 
to acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing 
and the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to or in connection with the 
relevant Securities, or realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s). 
It will generally not be possible to anticipate the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, 
and the determination by the Calculation Agent to adjust or redeem the Securities as a 
consequence of such event could lead to a loss of investment on the part of holders of the 
Securities. 
(d)
The discontinuance of a relevant currency could lead to its replacement and related 
adjustments or to the early redemption of the Securities 
If a relevant currency is discontinued or a relevant foreign exchange rate is no longer available, 
then depending on the particular terms of the Securities, the currency could be replaced or 
"rebased" with another currency (as determined by the Calculation Agent), and the Calculation 
Agent may make consequential amendments to the Securities. Any such replacement of a 
currency (and related adjustments) may cause the Securities to perform differently than prior to 
such replacement, and could have a material adverse impact on the value of and return on the 
Securities. Instead of a replacement, the Calculation Agent could determine that the Securities 
should be early redeemed; in such case, you may lose some or all of your investment. 
6.10
Risks related to Credit Linked Securities 
An investment in Credit Linked Securities entails significant risks in addition to those associated 
with investments in a conventional debt security, including those described below. 
For the purposes of this Risk Factor 6.10, terms used but not defined in the Base Prospectus 
shall have the meaning given to them in the applicable Credit Linked Provisions, as annexed to 
the Issue Terms in respect of the relevant Credit Linked Securities. 
(a)
You are assuming the Credit Risk of the Reference Entity 
If an Event Determination Date occurs, the Securities will be subject to redemption at a price 
which may be at a considerable discount to par and could be zero (and, in respect of Credit 
Linked Securities referencing a single Reference Entity, if "Zero Recovery" is specified to be 
applicable, will be zero) and interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Securities referencing a 
Credit Index, and subject to the terms and conditions of the Securities, a portion of the interest) 
will cease to accrue from (and including) the interest payment date immediately preceding the 
relevant Event Determination Date (or, in respect of Credit Linked Securities referencing a 
single Reference Entity where "Interest accrual up to Event Determination Date" is specified to 
be applicable, interest will cease to accrue from (and including) the relevant Event 
Determination Date). The Securities explicitly bear the credit risk of the Reference Entity (or, 
in respect of Credit Linked Securities referencing a Credit Index, the Reference Entities) 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms and any Successor(s) thereto identified by the Calculation 
Agent or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, in each case, in accordance with 
the definition of "Successor" in the Credit Linked Provisions, or, in respect of Credit Linked 
Securities linked to a Credit Index, as identified by the index sponsor in respect of such Credit 
Index. Even where a Credit Event has not occurred, the market value of the Securities may be 
adversely affected when the probability or perceived probability of a Credit Event occurring in 
relation to the Reference Entity, or Reference Entities, as applicable, increases.

--- Page 69 ---
Risk Factors 
56 
The Securities also bear the credit risk of the Issuer and, if applicable, the relevant Guarantor 
(see Risk Factor 1 "The Securities are subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and (if 
applicable) the relevant Guarantor and the risk of U.S. insolvency and resolution considerations 
as well as the risk relating to other recovery and resolution proceedings" above). The risk of 
default of the Reference Entity or Reference Entities, as applicable, the Issuer and, if applicable, 
the relevant Guarantor may be correlated in that adverse economic factors which apply to one 
may apply to the others, or the default or decline in the creditworthiness of one may itself 
adversely affect the others. Such risks may be particularly significant where a Reference Entity, 
the Issuer and, if applicable, the relevant Guarantor are concentrated in a particular industry 
sector or geographical region.
(b)
Redemption of the Securities may be deferred even where no Event Determination Date 
occurs 
In certain circumstances, and as more fully described in the Credit Linked Provisions and/or the 
relevant Issue Terms, the redemption of the Securities may be postponed beyond the Scheduled 
Maturity Date even if no Event Determination Date actually occurs. The period of such deferral 
may be substantial. Even where an Event Determination Date does not occur, interest payable 
to Holders for the period following the Scheduled Maturity Date may be substantially lower 
than any interest rate applicable to the Securities prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(c)
Payment of interest and/or principal may be deferred 
In certain circumstances, and as more fully described in the Credit Linked Provisions, payment 
of interest or principal, or in each case a portion thereof, may be postponed where a Reference 
Entity, or one or more Reference Entities, as applicable, may have suffered a Credit Event but 
no Event Determination Date has occurred (based on whether either the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee is in the process of determining whether a Credit Event has occurred 
or, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Credit Event may have occurred or a request to 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to make such a determination has been made). 
If it is subsequently determined that no Credit Event has occurred within the relevant timeframe, 
the relevant interest, principal, or, in each case, a portion thereof, will be subsequently payable 
to Holders or, if it is subsequently determined that a Credit Event had occurred within the 
relevant timeframe, and subject as provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, such 
amounts will not be payable. 
(d)
Auction Settlement and ability of JPMorgan Chase to influence the Auction Final Price 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Calculation Agent (or one of its affiliates) is a leading 
dealer in the credit derivatives market. If "Auction Settlement" applies in respect of the 
Reference Entity for which a Credit Event has occurred and an Auction (as defined in 
Commonly Asked Question 36(n) ( How is the Final Redemption Amount determined if 
"Auction Settlement" applies?) below) is held, there is a high probability that the Calculation 
Agent (or one of its affiliates) will act as a participating bidder in any such Auction. In such 
capacity, it may take certain actions which may influence the final price determined in such 
Auction (the "Auction Final Price") including (without limitation): (i) providing rates of 
conversion to determine the applicable currency conversion rates to be used to convert any 
obligations which are not denominated in the auction currency into such currency for the 
purposes of the Auction; and (ii) submitting bids, offers and physical settlement requests with 
respect to the relevant Deliverable Obligations (as defined in Commonly Asked Question 36(m) 
(How is the Final Redemption Amount determined?) below). In deciding whether to take any 
such action (or whether to act as a participating bidder in any auction), the Calculation Agent 
(or its affiliate) shall be under no obligation to consider the interests of any Holder. 
If "Auction Settlement" is applicable and an Auction occurs, you will not be able to participate 
in the auction process and will have no rights to submit Customer Physical Settlement Requests 
for physical settlement of your Securities. 
During the auction process, the administrator of the Auction will solicit physical settlement 
requests from the auction participants to buy or sell Deliverable Obligations of the applicable 
Reference Entity. Auction participants (which includes dealers who are participating in the

--- Page 70 ---
Risk Factors 
57 
Auction, as well as customers of those dealers who have entered into credit derivative 
transactions), may submit physical settlement requests in the same direction as their market 
positions. If a participating bidder of a credit default swap transaction is a net buyer of 
protection, it may submit a Physical Settlement Sell Request equal to its market position, and if 
it is a net seller of protection, it may submit a Physical Settlement Buy Request equal to its 
market position. Under the terms of the Securities, you cannot submit Customer Physical 
Settlement Requests, and JPMorgan Chase, who may participate in the Auction, is under no 
obligation to submit Customer Physical Settlement Requests for the Holders.  
If Auction Settlement is applicable and an Auction occurs, a lack of Limit Offers sufficient to 
clear an Open Interest to purchase Deliverable Obligations will result in an Auction Final Price 
of 100 per cent. and a lack of Limit Bids sufficient to clear an Open Interest to sell Deliverable 
Obligations will result in an Auction Final Price of zero. If the Auction Final Price is zero, this 
will have a material negative effect on the value of your Securities. 
The Administrator of the Auction will determine the Open Interest for the Deliverable 
Obligations of the applicable Reference Entity by calculating the difference between the 
Physical Settlement Sell Requests and the Physical Settlement Buy Requests. If there are more 
Physical Settlement Sell Requests than Physical Settlement Buy Requests, the Open Interest 
will be an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations and participating bidders will submit Limit Bids 
against the Open Interest; however, if there are more Physical Settlement Buy Requests than 
Physical Settlement Sell Requests, the Open Interest will be a bid to purchase Deliverable 
Obligations and participating bidders will submit Limit Offers against the Open Interest. If there 
are insufficient Limit Bids (and Initial Market Bids) against an Open Interest to sell Deliverable 
Obligations, the Auction Final Price will be zero. If there are insufficient Limit Offers (and 
Initial Market Offers) against an Open Interest to buy Deliverable Obligations, the Auction Final 
Price will be equal to 100 per cent. Under the terms of the Securities, the Holders cannot submit 
Limit Bids or Limit Offers, and JPMorgan Chase, who may participate in the Auction, is under 
no obligation to submit Limit Bids or Limit Offers, as applicable, for the Holders. Your position 
as a Holder will not be represented in the Auction.  
See Annex B (Auction Settlement Terms) to the Credit Linked Provisions for a more detailed 
overview of the auction process. 
Your position as a Holder will not be represented in the Auction. Your inability to participate 
in the Auction, along with other Holders who own Securities linked to the applicable Reference 
Entity, may in the aggregate have a material effect on the Auction Final Price, and in turn, have 
a materially adverse effect on your returns as a purchaser of the Securities. In addition, the 
auction process may be affected by technical factors or operational errors which would not 
otherwise apply or may be the subject of actual or attempted manipulation. JPMorgan Chase 
will have no responsibility to dispute any determination of an Auction Final Price or to verify 
that any Auction has been conducted in accordance with its rules. The Auction Final Price, 
therefore, may not be representative of the actual price of Deliverable Obligations of the 
applicable Reference Entity, and you may receive less than you would have received if you had 
purchased a credit-linked note with an alternative settlement procedure. 
(e)
Cheapest to value risk 
Where Cash Settlement is applicable pursuant to the Credit Linked Provisions, upon the 
occurrence of an Event Determination Date, the Calculation Agent has the discretion to select 
Valuation Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity for valuation in order to determine the 
Final Price. It is likely that the Valuation Obligations selected by the Calculation Agent are 
obligations of the Reference Entity with the lowest market value that are permitted to be valued 
in accordance with the terms of the Securities. This could result in a lower recovery value and 
hence greater losses for Holders. In addition, the Valuation Obligations may be illiquid and such 
illiquidity may be more pronounced following the occurrence of a Credit Event, thereby 
adversely affecting the value of the relevant Valuation Obligation which in turn would result in 
a lower recovery value for holders of Securities.  
(f)
Risks relating to Asset Package Delivery

--- Page 71 ---
Risk Factors 
58 
In certain circumstances where (i) "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental 
Intervention" applies in respect of a Reference Entity and there is (A) a Governmental 
Intervention Credit Event; or (B) a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of the Reference 
Obligation where such Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention or (ii) a 
Restructuring Credit Event occurs in respect of a Sovereign, then a related asset package may 
also be valued. The asset package would be treated as having the same outstanding principal as 
the corresponding prior deliverable obligation or package observable bond. An asset package 
may be comprised of obligations or instruments which are less valuable than the obligations 
which such asset package replaces, and there may be no market for such obligations or 
instruments. 
If the resulting asset package is deemed to be zero where there are no resulting assets, the related 
credit loss will be 100 per cent., notwithstanding the recovery value on any other obligations of 
the Reference Entity.  
The risks described in "Auction Settlement and ability of JPMorgan Chase to influence the 
Auction Final Price" and "Cheapest to Value Risk" above would apply to any asset or asset 
package.  
If an asset in the asset package is a non-transferable instrument or non-financial instrument, the 
value of such asset will be the market value determined by reference to a specialist valuation or 
in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees. The risks described in "Risks relating to Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees" below would apply to any valuation in accordance with such methodology.  
(g)
Risks if "Zero Recovery" is specified as the applicable Settlement Method 
If "Zero Recovery" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be the applicable Settlement 
Method in respect of the Securities and an Event Determination Date occurs in respect of a 
Reference Entity, then you will suffer a loss of all of the principal amount of your Securities 
(or, in respect of Credit Linked Securities, subject as provided in the terms and conditions of the 
Securities, a loss of all of the principal amount of your Securities as it relates to such Reference 
Entity). 
(h)
Risks if the Credit Linked Securities are subject to loss at maturity 
If "Loss at Maturity" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be the applicable in respect of 
Credit Linked Securities linked to a single Reference Entity (being Securities subject to 
'European' settlement), unless redeemed early in accordance with the Conditions, the Credit 
Linked Securities will not redeem any earlier than the Scheduled Maturity Date, regardless of 
the occurrence of any Credit Event in respect of any Reference Entity. In respect of such Credit 
Linked Securities, if an Event Determination Date occurs in respect of the Reference Entity, 
interest (or, in respect of a Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index, and subject as 
provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, a portion thereof) will cease to accrue as 
of the immediately preceding interest payment date (or, if there is no immediately preceding 
interest payment date, no interest will accrue or be payable in respect of the Securities) or 
alternatively, if the terms and conditions of the Securities provide for interest accrual up to the 
Event Determination Date, interest will cease to accrue from (and including) the relevant Event 
Determination Date, and no further interest will be payable, subject to the payment of any 
applicable postponed interest amounts. However, unless redeemed early in accordance with the 
Conditions, the earliest date on which the Securities will be redeemed is the Scheduled Maturity 
Date (or, if applicable, the Postponed Maturity Date) regardless of whether or not an Event 
Determination Date has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity. As such, if an Event 
Determination Date occurs in respect of a Reference Entity prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date 
and subject as noted above as regards cessation of payment of interest, the Securities will not 
be redeemed and therefore, Holders of Securities will have to wait until, at the earliest, the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (or, if applicable, the Postponed Maturity Date) for any return of 
principal (if any) and as a result, there may be a potentially substantial period during which a 
Holder of Securities will receive no interest and but will not have access to the Final Redemption 
Amount (if any).

--- Page 72 ---
Risk Factors 
59 
(i)
Risk of loss of accrued interest and reinvestment risk 
If an Event Determination Date occurs, unless otherwise provided in the terms and conditions 
the Securities, if linked to a single Reference Entity, the Securities will early redeem and, in any 
case, interest will cease to accrue (or, in respect of Credit Linked Securities referencing a Credit 
Index, and subject to the terms and conditions of the Securities, a portion of the interest will 
cease to accrue) from (and including) the interest payment date immediately preceding the 
relevant Event Determination Date (or, if "Interest accrual up to Event Determination Date" is 
specified to be applicable, interest will cease to accrue from (and including) the relevant Event 
Determination Date). You will therefore suffer a loss of accrued interest and may not be able to 
reinvest any redemption proceeds following early redemption at an effective interest rate as high 
as the interest rate on the Securities being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. You should consider such reinvestment risk in light of other available 
instruments. 
(j)
Investors may be subject to the risk that a Credit Event may occur prior to the Trade Date 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the credit observation period 
commences up to 60 days prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date. In such 
circumstances, there is a risk that a Credit Event that occurred in relation to a Reference Entity 
or any Obligation thereof up to 60 days prior to such date may therefore impact the Securities. 
As such, Holders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to 
a Reference Entity by consulting publicly available information. If a request to convene a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has been delivered prior to the Trade Date to determine 
whether a Credit Event has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity, details of such request 
may be found on the DC Secretary's website (www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org). If a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not been convened to determine such matter 
as of the Trade Date, one may still be convened after the Trade Date in respect of an event which 
occurs up to 60 days before the date of a request to convene such Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
(k)
Risks relating to Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees  
(i)
Holders (in their capacity as holders of the Securities) will not be able to refer 
questions to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
The Holders, in their capacity as holders of the Securities, will not have the ability to 
refer questions to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee since the Securities 
are not a credit default swap transaction and the Securities do not incorporate, and are 
not deemed to have incorporated, the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the "Credit 
Derivatives Definitions"). As a result, Holders will be dependent on other market 
participants to refer specific questions to the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees that may be relevant to the Holders. The Calculation Agent and JPMorgan 
Chase has no duty to the Holders to refer specific questions to the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. 
(ii)
Holders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
Separate criteria apply with respect to the selection of dealer and non-dealer institutions 
to serve on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and the Holders will have 
no role in establishing such criteria. In addition, the composition of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees will change from time to time in accordance 
with the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules (as published by ISDA on 
its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto), as such may be amended 
and/or supplemented from time to time) (the "Rules"), as the term of a member 
institution may expire or a member institution may be required to be replaced. The 
Holders will have no control over the process for selecting institutions to participate on 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and, to the extent provided for in

--- Page 73 ---
Risk Factors 
60 
terms of the Securities, will be subject to the determinations made by such selected 
institutions in accordance with the Rules. 
(iii)
Potential conflicts of interest due to the involvement of the Calculation Agent with the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Since, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Calculation Agent (or one of its 
affiliates) is a voting member on each of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees and is a party to transactions which incorporate, or are deemed to 
incorporate, the Credit Derivatives Definitions, it may take certain actions which may 
influence the process and outcome of decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees. See "Ability of the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates to influence the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees" and "Potential Conflicts of Interest of the 
Calculation Agent" in Annex A (Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees) to the 
Credit Linked Provisions. Such action may be adverse to the interests of the Holders and 
may result in an economic benefit accruing to the Calculation Agent and/or JPMorgan 
Chase. In taking any action relating to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
or performing any duty under the Rules, the Calculation Agent (or one of its affiliates) 
shall have no obligation to consider the interests of the Holders and may ignore any 
conflict of interest arising due to its responsibilities under the Securities. 
(iv)
Holders will have no recourse against either the institutions serving on the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees or the external reviewers  
Institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and the 
external reviewers, among others, disclaim any duty of care or liability arising in 
connection with the performance of duties or the provision of advice under the Rules, 
except in the case of gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct. Furthermore, the 
member institutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees from time to 
time will not owe any duty to the Holders and the Holders will be prevented from 
pursuing legal claims with respect to actions taken by such member institutions under 
the Rules. 
Holders should also be aware that member institutions of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees have no duty to research or verify the veracity of 
information on which a specific determination is based. In addition, the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees are not obligated to follow previous 
determinations and, therefore, could reach a conflicting determination for a similar set 
of facts. 
(v)
Holders are responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, 
meetings convened to deliberate such questions, lists of voting members attending any 
meetings and the results of binding votes of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees will be published on the ISDA website (www.isda.org) (or any successor 
website thereto) and neither the Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any of their respective 
affiliates shall be obliged to inform the Holders of such information (other than as 
expressly provided in the terms of the Securities). Failure by the Holders to be aware of 
information relating to determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee will have no effect under the Securities and Holders are solely responsible 
for obtaining any such information. 
(l)
No Holder rights with respect to the Reference Entity 
JPMorgan Chase has no ability to control or predict the actions of any Reference Entity, 
including actions that could affect the value of your Securities. None of the money you pay us 
will go to any Reference Entity, no Reference Entity will be involved in the offering of the 
Securities in any way, and no Reference Entity will have any obligation to consider your interest 
as a Holder in taking any actions that might affect the value of your Securities. As a Holder, you

--- Page 74 ---
Risk Factors 
61 
will not have voting rights, rights to receive distributions or any other rights with respect to the 
obligations of any Reference Entity. 
(m)
No Reference Entity will be replaced to avoid Credit Events or successions 
Following the Trade Date, the Issuer will not be able to replace any Reference Entity to avoid 
Credit Events or successions. Consequently, the occurrence of Credit Events may lead to an 
Event Determination Date which in turn may result in a reduction in the value of your Securities, 
a reduction, potentially to zero, in the outstanding nominal amount of the Securities you hold 
and, subject to the terms and conditions of the Securities, an early redemption of the Securities.  
(n)
Reference Entities may change as a result of the determination of a successor Reference 
Entity 
Any determination of a Successor that occurs with respect to a Reference Entity or its Successor 
on or after the Successor Backstop Date (which may be prior to the Trade Date) may change the 
probability of the occurrence of a Credit Event and risk of your investment. You should read 
the Credit Linked Provisions (including, without limitation, the definition of "Successor") for 
more information on the effect of the determination of a Successor in respect of a Reference 
Entity on the Securities. 
(o)
Information relating to a Reference Entity may be incomplete, inaccurate or misleading 
As the occurrence of an Event Determination Date may, subject to the terms and conditions of 
the Securities, result in each Security being redeemed at an amount which may be significantly 
less than the nominal amount of the Securities, and, subject as provided in the applicable terms 
and conditions of the Securities, a cessation of the accrual of interest (or, in respect of Credit 
Linked Securities referencing a Credit Index, and subject to the terms and conditions of the 
Securities, a portion of the interest) on the interest payment date immediately preceding such 
Event Determination Date (or, if "Interest accrual up to Event Determination Date" is specified 
to be applicable, a cessation of accrual of interest from (and including) the relevant Event 
Determination Date), you should conduct your own investigation and analysis with respect to 
the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity and the likelihood of the occurrence of a Credit 
Event or the determination of a Successor. 
On the Trade Date, a Reference Entity may be a publicly reporting company and financial and 
other information with respect to the Reference Entity may be available from publicly available 
sources. Publicly available information in relation to a Reference Entity may be incomplete, 
inaccurate or misleading. JPMorgan Chase makes no representation as to the accuracy or 
completeness of any information available with respect to any Reference Entity. Furthermore, 
JPMorgan Chase gives no assurance that all events occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue 
Date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of any publicly available 
documents) that would affect the creditworthiness of a Reference Entity have been publicly 
disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of, or failure to disclose, 
material future events concerning a Reference Entity could affect its creditworthiness and 
therefore the market value of the Securities, the likelihood of an Event Determination Date 
occurring in relation to the relevant Reference Entity and the resulting Final Redemption 
Amount. 
A Credit Event may occur at any time from and including the Credit Observation Start Date 
(which may be the Credit Event Backstop Date, the Trade Date or such other date as is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms) to and including the Credit Observation End Date (or the Extension 
Date). The Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer of the occurrence of a Credit Event at any 
time from and including the Credit Observation Start Date to and including (i) the Extension 
Date or (ii) the Postponed Maturity Date (if applicable). JPMorgan Chase will have no 
obligation to keep Holders informed as to any matters with respect to a Reference Entity or any 
of its obligations, including whether or not circumstances exist that give rise to the possibility 
of the occurrence of a Credit Event or the determination of a Successor with respect to a 
Reference Entity.

--- Page 75 ---
Risk Factors 
62 
You will not have the right to inspect any of JPMorgan Chase's records. Except for the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Issue Terms, JPMorgan Chase 
will have no obligation to disclose any information or evidence regarding the existence or terms 
of any obligation of any Reference Entity or otherwise regarding any Reference Entity, any 
guarantor or any other person. 
(p)
Potential conflicts of interest with the Calculation Agent; calculations and determinations 
JPMorgan Chase may carry out hedging activities related to the Securities, including trading in 
the obligations of a Reference Entity as well as in other instruments related to a Reference 
Entity. JPMorgan Chase may also trade the obligations of a Reference Entity and other financial 
instruments related to the obligations of a Reference Entity on a regular basis as part of its 
general businesses. 
In certain cases, the Calculation Agent acts in its sole discretion in carrying out calculations and 
determinations with respect to the Securities and, in such cases, will act in the interests of the 
Issuer and not in the interests of the Holders. Any determination and/or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final and binding on the Issuer and 
Holders. See Risk Factor 7.1 "JPMorgan Chase as Issuer and Calculation Agent has authority 
to make discretionary determinations under the Securities" below. 
Where a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has made a determination as to whether 
an Event Determination Date or succession has occurred, the Calculation Agent shall defer to 
such determination for the purposes of the Securities, provided that such determination is made 
before the cut-off date specified in the terms of the Securities. If a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee is not convened to determine an issue (such as the occurrence or not 
of a Credit Event or the determination of a Successor) then the Calculation Agent may make a 
determination in respect of such issue. The Calculation Agent will not be liable if it fails to 
notify the Issuer of a Credit Event, which, subject as provided in the Credit Linked Provisions, 
would result in an Event Determination Date occurring and, ultimately, redemption on a day 
other than the Scheduled Maturity Date. Therefore even if a Credit Event were to occur, an early 
redemption of the Securities may not follow.  
(q)
Potential conflicts of interest with JPMorgan Chase 
JPMorgan Chase may currently or from time to time engage in commercial, investment banking 
or other business with a Reference Entity, and/or any affiliate of a Reference Entity, or any other 
person or entity having obligations relating to a Reference Entity, and may act with respect to 
such business in the same manner as if the Securities did not exist, regardless of whether any 
such action might have an adverse effect on a Reference Entity or the Holders or otherwise 
(including, without limitation, the acceptance of deposits and the extension of loans or credit 
and any action that might constitute or give rise to a Credit Event). In the course of this business, 
JPMorgan Chase may acquire non-public information about a Reference Entity, and in addition, 
JPMorgan Chase may publish research reports about it. JPMorgan Chase has no responsibility 
to, and it will not, disclose any such information to the Holders.  
JPMorgan Chase may trade instruments related to a Reference Entity on a regular basis, for their 
accounts and for other accounts under their management. JPMorgan Chase may also issue or 
underwrite or assist unaffiliated entities in the issuance or underwriting of other securities or 
financial instruments with returns linked to a Reference Entity. To the extent that JPMorgan 
Chase serves as issuer, arranger or dealer for such securities or financial instruments, its interests 
with respect to such products may be adverse to those of the Holders of the Securities. Any of 
these trading activities could potentially affect the credit of a Reference Entity and, accordingly, 
could affect the value of the Securities, and the amount, if any, payable to you at maturity. 
JPMorgan Chase may currently or from time to time engage in business with a Reference Entity. 
In the course of this business, JPMorgan Chase may acquire non-public information about the 
Reference Entity, and such information will not be disclosed to you. In addition, JPMorgan 
Chase may publish research reports about a Reference Entity. Any prospective purchaser of 
Securities should undertake such independent investigation of a Reference Entity in its judgment 
as to whether an investment in the Securities is appropriate.

--- Page 76 ---
Risk Factors 
63 
JPMorgan Chase may serve as issuer, arranger or dealer for additional issuances of Securities 
or Securities with returns linked or related to a Reference Entity. By introducing competing 
products into the marketplace in this manner, JPMorgan Chase could adversely affect the value 
of the Securities. 
The Issuer and JPMorgan Chase act in their sole discretion in determining whether to accept 
commitments to purchase the Securities, whether to accept offers of early tender of the 
Securities and in determining the terms of any such early tender of the Securities. 
(r)
Risks in respect of Credit Linked Securities that are linked to a Credit Index 
(i)
Holders are exposed to the credit risk of a portfolio of Reference Entities 
Holders of Credit Linked Securities that are linked to a Credit Index are exposed to the 
performance of the portfolio of Reference Entities comprising the Credit Index (the 
"Reference Portfolio"). Following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in 
relation to a Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity in the Reference Portfolio, 
subject to the terms and conditions of the Securities, payments of interest and principal 
may be reduced. Such reduction may be in proportion to the losses suffered under the 
Credit Index, or may be determined by reference to a particular 'tranche' of losses of the 
Credit Index (in respect of which see sub-paragraph (ii) below). 
(ii)
Credit Linked Securities that are linked to a Credit Index on a tranched basis represent 
a particularly risky form of investment 
Credit Linked Securities that are linked to a Credit Index on a tranched basis (as opposed 
to on an untranched basis) determine payments of interest and principal by reference to 
pre-determined upper and lower boundaries designating the relevant 'tranche' and any 
reduction in the amount payable to a Holder will be determined by reference to the extent 
to which losses under the Credit Index exceed the lower boundary relative to the amount 
by which the upper boundary exceeds the lower boundary (the 'tranche size'). If losses 
under the Credit Index equal or exceed the upper boundary, a Holder will suffer a loss of 
their entire investment. 
Credit Linked Securities that are linked to a Credit Index on a tranched basis represent a 
particularly risky form of investment as the calculation of the interest bearing amount 
(the notional amount by reference to which interest and return of principal is determined) 
produces a leverage effect such that, if the aggregate of the losses suffered under the 
Credit Index exceed the lower boundary, any further losses that increase the aggregate 
losses above the lower boundary and towards the upper boundary will reduce the interest 
bearing amount, and therefore the redemption amount and any interest amount (if any) 
payable, on an accelerated and highly leveraged basis by reference to each relevant 
Reference Entity's weight in the Credit Index as a proportion of the tranche size. 
6.11
Risks related to Securities that are linked to one or more Funds as Reference Assets 
An investment in Fund Linked Securities entails significant risks in addition to those associated 
with investments in a conventional debt security, including as described below. 
(a)
Factors affecting the performance of a Fund may adversely affect the value of and return on 
the Securities 
Prospective investors should review the relevant fund offering document in respect of a Fund to 
which the Securities are linked, including the risk factors, prior to making an investment in the 
Securities. However, neither the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) nor any of their affiliates has any 
responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any fund offering documents. 
The performance of the units or shares (the "Fund Shares") of a Fund to which the Securities 
are linked will affect the value of the investment return on the Securities. The performance of 
the Fund Shares of a Fund is dependent upon many factors, including macroeconomic factors 
(such as interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments including 
variation of exchange rates of foreign currencies, political, judicial or economic factors) and

--- Page 77 ---
Risk Factors 
64 
Fund-specific factors (such as the risk profile of the Fund, the expertise of its senior personnel 
and its shareholder structure and distribution policy). The investment objectives and policies 
employed by a Fund and the underlying components in which it invests may utilise various 
investment strategies which may also affect the performance of the Fund Shares of a Fund. In 
addition, a Fund may make investments in markets that are volatile and/or illiquid and it may 
be difficult or costly for investment positions to be opened or liquidated. Any one or a 
combination of such factors could adversely affect the performance of the Fund(s) which, in 
turn, could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on your Securities. 
(b)
Costs relating to Funds 
A Fund's performance will be affected by the fees and expenses which it incurs, as described in 
its offering documents. Such fees and expenses may include the investment management fees, 
performance fees and operating expenses typically incurred in connection with any direct 
investment in a Fund. A Fund will assess fees and incur costs and expenses regardless of its 
performance. High levels of trading could cause a Fund to incur increased trading costs. Holders 
of Fund Linked Securities will be exposed to a pro rata share of the fees and expenses of the 
relevant Fund(s) and such exposure could have a negative impact on the value of and return on 
the Securities than in the absence of such fees and expenses. 
See also Risk Factor 6.11(e) "Fee rebate arrangements" below. 
(c)
No claim against a Fund or recourse to the Fund Shares 
Holders of the Securities will have no claim against any Fund, its management company or any 
fund service provider, and the Holders will not have any right of recourse under the Securities 
to any such entity or the Fund Shares of such Fund. The Securities are not in any way sponsored, 
endorsed or promoted by any Fund, its management company or any fund service provider, and 
such entities have no obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions in respect 
of any Holders. A Fund, its management company or any fund service provider may take any 
actions in respect of such Fund without regard to the interests of the Holders, and any of these 
actions could adversely affect the market value of and return on the Securities. 
(d)
Valuation risk in relation to a Fund 
The Calculation Agent will rely on the calculation and publication of the net asset value per 
Fund Share of a Fund by the relevant Fund itself (or another entity on its behalf). Any delay, 
suspension or inaccuracy in the calculation and publication of the net asset value per Fund Share 
of the Fund will impact on the calculation of the return on the Securities. The value of and return 
on the Securities may also be reduced if a Fund delays payments in respect of fund share 
redemptions – see Risk Factor 6.11(i) "Funds may be subject to transfer restrictions and 
illiquidity" and Risk Factor 6.11(p) "Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and/or In-kind 
Redemption Proceeds Event" below. 
The Fund Shares of a Fund and/or the investments made by a Fund may be valued only by 
administrators, custodians or other service provider of the Fund and may not be verified by an 
independent third party on a regular or timely basis. There is a risk that (i) the determinations 
of the Calculation Agent may not reflect the true value of the Fund Shares of a Fund at a specific 
time which could result in losses or inaccurate pricing and/or (ii) relevant values may not be 
available on a relevant date which could result in the Fund Shares of the Fund being determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. 
Any such factors in relation to the valuation of the Fund Share could have a negative impact on 
the value of and return on the Securities. 
(e)
Fee rebate arrangements  
The Issuer and/or any Hedging Entity may receive rebates from the management company of a 
Fund in respect of the Fund Shares of such Fund or any other assets which the Issuer or such 
Hedging Entity may hold as a hedge to the Securities. Any material changes to such fee rebate 
arrangement may result in losses or increased costs to the Issuer or the Hedging Entity. If this 
occurs, the Calculation Agent may determine that a Fund Event has occurred, and may take one

--- Page 78 ---
Risk Factors 
65 
of the actions available to it to deal with such event. See Risk Factor 6.11(o) "The Calculation 
Agent may adjust the Securities or take other actions following the occurrence of a Fund Event 
or Additional Disruption Event" below.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the terms of the Securities do not oblige the Issuer and/or any 
Hedging Entity to hedge the Securities or that any hedging activities be undertaken in any 
particular way. 
(f)
Trading in indices, financial instruments and currencies 
A Fund to which the Securities are linked may place an emphasis on trading indices, financial 
instruments and/or currencies. The effect of any governmental intervention may be particularly 
significant at certain times in currency and financial instrument futures and options markets. 
Such intervention (as well as other factors) may cause all of these markets to move rapidly in 
the same or varying directions which may result in sudden and significant losses, which losses 
could lead to losses to holders of the Securities. 
(g)
Strategies of a Fund may not be successful in achieving its investment objective 
No assurance can be given that the investment strategy of a Fund will be successful or that the 
investment objective of such Fund will be achieved, or that any analytical model used by the 
relevant management company will prove to be correct or that any assessments of the short-
term or long-term prospects, volatility and correlation of the types of investments in which such 
Fund has invested or will invest will prove accurate. The analytical models utilised by a 
management company of a Fund and upon which investment decisions are based may be 
developed from historical analysis of the performance or correlation of historical analysis of the 
performance or correlations of certain companies, securities, industries, countries or markets. 
There can be no assurance that the historical performance that is used to determine such 
analytical models will be a good indicator of future performance, and if the future performance 
of a Fund varies significantly, the management company of such Fund may not achieve its 
intended investment performance. 
No assurance can be given that the strategies to be used by a Fund will be successful under all 
or any market conditions. A Fund may utilise financial instruments such as derivatives for 
investment purposes and/or seek to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of the Fund's 
portfolio positions as a result of changes in exchange rates, interest rates, equity prices and levels 
of yields and prices of other securities. Such hedging transactions may not always achieve the 
intended outcome and can also limit potential gains. 
The management of a Fund may have broad discretion over its investment strategy, within 
specified parameters. A Fund could, for example, alter its investment focus within a prescribed 
market. Any shift in strategy could bear adverse consequences to a Fund's investment 
performance. Further, a Fund may have difficulty realising on any strategy initiatives that it 
undertakes. It may not sometimes be clear whether the Fund fulfils the investment criteria set 
out in its investment guidelines. 
Any such issues with relation to a Fund's strategy or other factors described above could 
adversely affect the performance of the Fund(s) which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on 
the value of and return on your Securities. 
(h)
Regulatory and volatility risk 
The regulatory environment is evolving and changes therein may adversely affect the ability of 
a Fund to obtain the leverage it might otherwise obtain or to pursue its investment strategies. In 
addition, the regulatory or tax environment for derivative and related instruments is evolving 
and may be subject to modification by government or judicial action which may adversely affect 
the value of the investments held by a Fund. It is not possible to predict the effect of any future 
changes to applicable law or regulation or uncertainties such as international political 
developments, changes in government policies, taxation, restrictions or foreign investment and 
currency repatriation or fluctuations

--- Page 79 ---
Risk Factors 
66 
Further, the markets in which a Fund invests may prove to be highly volatile from time to time 
as a result of, for example, sudden changes in government policies on taxation and currency 
repatriation or changes in legislation relating to the value of foreign ownership of assets held by 
a Fund, and this may affect the net asset value at which such Fund may liquidate positions to 
meet repurchase requests or other funding requirements and, in turn, the value of your Securities. 
We may also determine that such circumstances have resulted in the occurrence of an Additional 
Disruption Event (which may include, amongst others, an adoption of or change in any 
applicable law in which the Hedging Entity (which may include the Issuer or any of its affiliates) 
will incur a materially increased cost or will be subject to materially increased regulatory capital 
requirements in performing its obligations under or execution of hedging transactions in relation 
to the Securities), and may take one of the actions available to us to deal with such event (see 
"The Calculation Agent may adjust the Securities or take other actions following the occurrence 
of a Fund Event or Additional Disruption Event" below). 
Any such regulatory changes or market volatility could adversely affect the performance of the 
Fund(s) which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on your 
Securities. 
(i)
Funds may be subject to transfer restrictions and illiquidity 
There can be no assurance that the liquidity of a Fund will always be sufficient to meet 
redemption requests as, and when, made. Any lack of liquidity or restrictions on redemptions 
may affect the liquidity of the Fund Shares of a Fund and their value and could adversely affect 
the performance of the Securities. 
A Fund may make investments for which no liquid market exists. The market values, if any, of 
such investments tend to be more volatile and a Fund may not be able to sell them when it 
desires to do so or to realise what it perceives to be their fair value in the event of a sale. 
Moreover, assets in which a Fund may invest may include those that are not listed on a securities 
exchange or traded on an over-the-counter market. As a result of the absence of a public trading 
market for these assets, they may be less liquid than, for example, publicly traded securities. A 
Fund may encounter substantial delays in attempting to sell non-publicly traded assets or 
securities. Although these assets may be resold in privately negotiated transactions, the values 
realised from these sales could be less than those originally paid by a Fund and less than the 
values estimated for such assets by such Fund. Further, entities whose securities are not publicly 
traded are not subject to the disclosure and other investor protection requirements which would 
be applicable if their securities were publicly traded. 
Trading in the assets held by a Fund may be limited to privately negotiated transactions, which 
could increase transaction costs relative to exchange trading and which could cause substantial 
lags in realising amounts from assets designated for sale. Any such issues with regard to 
redemptions, transfers and liquidity of the Fund(s) could have an adverse effect on the value of 
and return on your Securities. 
See also Risk Factor 6.11(p)"Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and/or In-kind Redemption 
Proceeds Event" below. 
(j)
Lack of control and reliance on the third party management company of a Fund 
Holders will have no right to participate in the management of a Fund or in the control of a 
Fund's business. Accordingly no person should purchase any Fund-linked Security unless the 
investor is willing to entrust all aspects of management of a Fund to the management company 
of such Fund. The investment return on the Securities may depend entirely on the efforts of the 
management company of a Fund and its principals. 
The performance of a Fund is dependent on the performance of the management company in 
managing the investments of such Fund. The management company of a Fund may invest in 
and actively traded instruments with significant risk characteristics, including risks arising from 
the volatility of securities, financial futures, derivatives, currency and interest rate markets, the

--- Page 80 ---
Risk Factors 
67 
leverage factors associated with trading in such markets and instruments, and the potential 
exposure to loss resulting from counterparty defaults.  
The Issuer will not have any role in the management of any Fund(s) to which the Securities are 
linked. Moreover, the Issuer will not have the opportunity to evaluate or be consulted in relation 
to any specific investments made by a Fund before they are made. The investment return on the 
Securities will depend primarily on the performance of the unrelated management company in 
managing the investments of a Fund and could be adversely affected by any unfavourable 
performance of such management company. Where a Fund is comprised of sub-funds the factors 
set out above in relation to the management company apply equally to the management company 
of the funds in which such Fund invests. This can result in a lack of transparency regarding the 
exposure of the Securities to any such sub-funds.  
A Fund or its management company may also become involved in shareholder, insider trading 
or other litigation as a result of its investment activities. Any such dispute could adversely affect 
the performance of the Fund Shares of a Fund and consequently, of the Securities. 
Any of the above-described factors could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on 
your Securities. 
(k)
Reliance on key personnel 
The success of a Fund is dependent on the expertise of its management company and fund 
service providers. The loss of one or more investment personnel associated with such 
management company or fund service provider could have a material adverse effect on the 
ability of a management company or fund service provider, as applicable, to complete its 
obligations in respect of a Fund, resulting in losses for such Fund and a decline in the value of 
the Fund Shares of such Fund. Certain management companies and fund service providers may 
have only one principal personnel, without whom the relevant management company or fund 
service provider, as applicable, could not continue to operate. The loss of such principal 
personnel could adversely affect the performance of the Fund(s) which, in turn, could have an 
adverse effect on the value of and return on your Securities. 
(l)
A change in the composition or discontinuance of a Fund could adversely affect the market 
value of the Securities  
The management company of a Fund may, without regard to the interests of the Holders, add, 
remove or substitute the components of a Fund in which such Fund invests or make other 
methodological changes that could change the investment profile of a Fund, which could 
adversely affect the investment return on the Securities. The management company of a Fund 
may also determine to discontinue such Fund. If a Fund to which the Securities are linked is 
discontinued, the Calculation Agent may determine to substitute such Fund with another fund 
or an index (or a basket of funds or a basket of indices), or a cash index, or, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution or replacement will produce a commercially 
reasonable result, the Securities may be redeemed early. Any such action could have a negative 
impact on the value of and return on the Securities. See also Risk Factor 6.11(o) "The 
Calculation Agent may adjust the Securities or take other actions following the occurrence of a 
Fund Event or Additional Disruption Event" below. 
(m)
Leverage 
A Fund may utilise leverage techniques, including the use of borrowed funds, repurchase 
agreements and other derivative financial instruments. While leverage presents opportunities 
for increasing a Fund's total return, it increases the potential risk of loss. Any event which 
adversely affects the value of an investment by a Fund is magnified to the extent that such 
investment is leveraged. Leverage can have a similar effect on assets in which such Fund invests. 
The use of leverage by a Fund could result in substantial losses by the Fund which would be 
greater than if leverage had not been used, and such losses could lead to losses to the holder of 
the Securities.  
(n)
Exposure to Potential Adjustment Events and correction of prices

--- Page 81 ---
Risk Factors 
68 
The Calculation Agent has discretionary authority under the terms and conditions of the 
Securities to make certain determinations and adjustments following the occurrence of a 
Potential Adjustment Event (which include, broadly, events which may have a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the Fund Shares in a Fund), or may (subject to the terms and conditions 
of the relevant Securities) determine the amount that is payable under the Securities to account 
for any correction in the price of the Fund Shares of a Fund which is used in the calculation or 
determination in connection with the Securities, to preserve as nearly as practicable the original 
economic objective and rationale of the Securities. Any such determination may have an adverse 
effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
(o)
The Calculation Agent may adjust the Securities or take other actions following the 
occurrence of a Fund Event or Additional Disruption Event
Upon determining that a Fund Event has occurred in relation to a Fund Share of a Fund (the 
"Affected Fund"), the Calculation Agent may take one of the following actions:  
(i)
make adjustments to the terms of the Securities, or  
(ii)
if no adjustments will produce a commercially reasonable result, and:  
(A)
if a pre-selected replacement fund is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and 
such pre-selected replacement fund has not discontinued and is not subject to a 
disruption event, then the Calculation Agent will replace the Affected Fund with 
such replacement fund, or  
(B)
if no pre-selected replacement fund is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or if 
such pre-selected replacement fund has discontinued or is subject to a disruption 
event, then:  
(I)
if a cash index is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then the Calculation 
Agent shall replace the Affected Fund with such cash index, or  
(II)
if no cash index is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then the 
Calculation Agent may select such replacement fund(s) or index(ices) to 
replace the Affected Fund, subject to certain selection criteria, in order to 
most closely replicate such Affected Fund; or  
(III)
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustments will achieve a 
commercially reasonable result, and it is unable, or it is not commercially 
practicable, or does not for any other reason, select a replacement fund(s), 
replacement index(ices) or cash index pursuant to paragraph (ii) above, 
then the Calculation Agent may determine to cause the early redemption 
of the Securities. 
It is possible, therefore, that where no replacement fund is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
or such replacement fund is specified but is no longer available or is subject to disruption, and 
if a cash index is specified, then the Calculation Agent will not select another replacement 
fund(s) or replacement index(ices), and will replace the Affected Fund with such cash index.  
Upon determining that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred in relation to a Fund Share 
of a Fund, the Calculation Agent has discretionary authority under the terms and conditions of 
the Securities to (i) make adjustments to the terms of the Securities, or (ii) cause the early 
redemption of the Securities. 
Any of such adjustments or determinations by the Calculation Agent in respect of a Fund Event 
or Additional Disruption Event may have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the 
Securities. See also Risk Factor 7.1 "JPMorgan Chase as Issuer and Calculation Agent has 
authority to make discretionary determinations under the Securities" below. 

Fund Events include (A) insolvency in respect of a Fund, its management company or 
any of its fund service providers; (B) a merger event which affects a Fund, its 
management company or fund service provider, (C) termination of a Fund, (D) a

--- Page 82 ---
Risk Factors 
69 
nationalisation of a Fund, or (E) any fund extraordinary event (which includes, broadly, 
a modification of the relevant fund offering documents which would adversely affect a 
hypothetical investor in relation to its hedging activities in respect of the Securities, or 
any litigation or disputes involving a Fund, its management company or its fund service 
provider), events which affect the calculation of the net asset value and performance of 
a Fund (such as a decrease in asset under management or increase in volatility of the net 
asset value), events which affect the trading of a Fund (such as any mandatory 
redemption, a material change in strategy, a suspension on trading or increase in fees), 
any operational failures (including a change to the management company or fund service 
provider, or the failure to provide information in respect of a Fund to a holder of such 
Fund Shares (as is customary for such Fund)), or regulatory and legal constraints 
(including regulatory action in respect of a Fund, its management company or fund 
service providers, or the inability of a hypothetical investor in the Fund Shares of a Fund 
to redeem all or some of its holdings of Fund Shares in the Fund due to regulatory 
constraints). 

Additional Disruption Events include (A) a change in applicable law since the Issue Date 
that makes it illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of the Fund Shares or (if specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) more expensive for the Issuer to hedge its 
obligations under the relevant Securities, or (B) if specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, a "Hedging Disruption", meaning that the hedging entity is unable, 
after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (I) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and the Issuer performing its 
obligations with respect to or in connection with the relevant Securities, or (II) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), or (III) subscribe, 
redeem, realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any Fund Shares in a Fund where the 
inability has arisen due to any gating or restrictions or suspensions on subscriptions or 
redemptions in respect of such Fund Shares. 
Any of the above-described determinations and actions by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
Fund Events and Additional Disruption Events may have an adverse effect on the value of and 
return on the Securities. 
(p)
Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and/or In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that, in respect of the relevant Fund Shares, an Unpaid 
Redemption Proceeds Event (which means, broadly, a hypothetical investor holding the Fund 
Shares in a Fund would not receive in full (or substantially the full) the amount payable within 
the time limit specified in the relevant fund offering document if they were to apply for a 
redemption of such Fund Shares) has occurred and/or an In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event 
(which means, broadly, where a hypothetical investor holding Fund Shares in a Fund receives 
any in-kind distribution per Fund Share in full or part satisfaction of the amount payable upon 
application for a redemption of such Fund Shares) has occurred, and both (i) the Unpaid 
Redemption Event continues to subsist as of the second Business Day prior a relevant payment 
date under the Securities (the "Payment Cut-off Date"), and/or a hypothetical investor is not 
able (or would not be able) to realise and receive in full and in cash an amount equal to the sale 
proceeds of any in-kind redemption proceeds received from the redemption of the relevant fund 
shares on the Payment Cut-off Date, and (ii) the amount payable under the Securities on such 
relevant payment date (the "Relevant Payment Amount") is linked (in whole or in material 
part) to the performance of such fund shares, then:  
(i)
the Relevant Payment Amount payable on the scheduled relevant payment date shall be 
reduced by the Calculation Agent to take into account the amount of any unpaid 
redemption proceeds and/or in-kind redemption proceeds as of the Payment Cut-off Date 
(and which may be reduced to zero);  
(ii)
any unpaid Relevant Payment Amount (after the reduction referred to in (i) above) shall 
be payable on a date falling two business days after the later of (A) the day on which the 
Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event has ceased to occur, and (B) the day on which a 
hypothetical investor holding such Fund Shares would be able to receive in full and in

--- Page 83 ---
Risk Factors 
70 
cash an amount equal to the proceeds of sale for all outstanding in-kind redemption 
proceeds, provided that: 
(I)
the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall make any further 
payment of some or all of the outstanding unpaid Relevant Payment Amount to 
reflect any cash redemption proceeds received and/or in-kind redemption 
proceeds realised by a hypothetical investor after the Payment Cut-off Date; 
(II)
if the Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event is still continuing or a hypothetical 
investor would still be unable to realise any outstanding in-kind redemption 
proceeds a year after the relevant payment date, then any outstanding payment 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the outstanding unpaid Relevant Payment 
Amount under the Securities shall be deemed to be fully discharged on such date 
without any further payment being made; and 
(III)
where the above adjustments and/or payments will not produce a commercially 
reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may make such other adjustments to the 
terms and conditions of the Securities as may be necessary to account for such 
Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and/or In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event.  
Such adjustment and determination by the Calculation Agent may have an adverse effect on the 
value of and return on the Securities. 
6.12
Risks related to Securities that are linked to one or more Reference Rates as Reference 
Assets 
An investment in Rate Linked Securities entails significant risks in addition to those associated 
with investments in a conventional debt security, including as described below. 
(a)
Historical rates are not an indication of future rates 
In the past, certain Reference Rates that may be used for Rate Linked Securities have 
experienced significant fluctuations. Investors should note that historical levels, fluctuations and 
trends of the Reference Rates are not necessarily indicative of future levels. Any historical 
upward or downward trend in the applicable Reference Rate is not an indication that such 
Reference Rate is more or less likely to increase or decrease at any time. Future levels of a 
Reference Rate may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative 
Reference Rate data. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and 
their relation to the Reference Rate, such as correlations, may change in the future. In addition, 
to the extent that any pre-publication historical data is published with respect to a Reference 
Rate, production of such historical indicative data inherently involves assumptions, estimates 
and approximations. No future performance of any Reference Rate may be inferred from any of 
the historical actual or historical indicative Reference Rate data. If an investor bases its decision 
to purchase Rate Linked Securities, in whole or in part, on prior performance of the applicable 
Reference Rate and related inferences regarding future performance of such Reference Rate, 
and the Reference Rate performs differently than such prior performance, the returns on or 
market price of affected Securities may be adversely affected. 
(b)
If an Original Rate does not appear on the relevant page, is discontinued, modified or 
declared unrepresentative, then the amount payable (if any) will be calculated in a different 
way or the Securities may be redeemed 
If an Original Rate does not appear on the relevant page and is not published by the administrator 
or an authorised distributor or were to be discontinued or modify its methodology or be declared 
unrepresentative by its administrator of the market or economic reality that it is intended to 
measure, the amounts payable under the Rate Linked Securities will be determined by the 
fallback provisions applicable to such Securities as set out in the Rate Linked Provisions. 
In such circumstances, the Calculation Agent may determine the rate by having regard to 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market), including by reference to the rate

--- Page 84 ---
Risk Factors 
71 
formally recommended for use by the administrator of the rate or supervisor or competent 
authority and the rate last provided or published by the administrator. 
In addition, in the case of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event, where the rate is a Swap Rate, 
the rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the alternative rate of 
interest formally recommended by (in the following order): 
(i)
the central bank for the currency in which the rate is denominated; or 
(ii)
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank, the central bank (if different) 
or other supervisor responsible for supervising (a) the rate, or (b) the administrator of the 
rate; or 
(iii)
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank or supervisor, any working 
group or committee officially endorsed or convened by any such central bank or 
supervisor, or any group thereof; or 
(iv)
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (i), (ii) or (iii), the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; or 
(v)
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv), where such 
alternative rate is substantially the same as the rate, the administrator, 
provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no such alternative rate, the rate 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such other reference rate(s) and/or 
price source(s) and/or combination thereof that the Calculation Agent determines to be a 
commercially reasonable alternative to the rate. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event, where "Generic 
Permanent Fallback" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the rate in respect of such Securities in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as: 
(i)
a substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source that it has 
determined is the industry-accepted standard in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source for the relevant rate; or 
(ii)
if it determines there is no such industry-accepted standard in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, index, 
benchmark or other price source, then a substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark 
or other price source that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the 
rate, taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market), 
provided that (i) any such substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source 
may (without limitation) comprise a replacement rate which is determined on a backwards-
looking compounding basis by reference to a "risk-free rate"; (ii) there may be more than one 
such substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source (which may be applied 
as of one or more effective dates); (iii) the replacement rate may include an adjustment factor 
or adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative); and (iv) the terms and conditions of 
the Securities may be subject to adjustment as described in the paragraph immediately below. 
If the Calculation Agent determines the rate in accordance with the above, it may make such 
adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation 
methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the Securities to 
account for such change to the method of determination of the rate, including in order to reduce 
or eliminate any change in the economic value of the Securities from such change to the method 
of determination of the rate. Any such adjustment(s) may include an adjustment factor and/or 
adjustment spread together with any technical, administrative or operational changes.

--- Page 85 ---
Risk Factors 
72 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the application of these provisions (i) would not achieve 
a commercially reasonable result (because it is not possible or commercially reasonable to 
identify a replacement or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source, or relevant 
adjustments or for any other reason) and/or (ii) is or would be unlawful at any time under any 
applicable law or regulation or it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements to 
determine the interest or coupon amount upon in accordance with the terms of such provisions, 
the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the 
Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal 
to the Early Payment Amount (subject to as provided in the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Securities). In such case, you may lose some or all of your investment. See Risk Factor 5.1(b) 
"The 'Early Payment Amount' may be less than the original invested amount". 
Any such consequence as described above could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on the Securities. See also Risk Factor 4.3 "Risks associated with benchmark reform" 
above with regard to the risks in connection with the reform and potential replacement of the 
swap rates. 
(c)
The occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event may lead to an adjustment or the early 
redemption of your Securities 
Upon determining that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred the Calculation Agent may 
make adjustments to the terms of the Securities and cause the early redemption of the Securities. 
An Additional Disruption Event includes: 
(i)
if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a "Change in Law (Hedge)", 
meaning a change in applicable law since the Issue Date that makes it illegal to hold, 
acquire or dispose of any asset in relation to the underlying hedge transactions or more 
expensive for the Issuer to hedge its obligations under the relevant Securities; or 
(ii)
if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a "Hedging Disruption", 
meaning that the hedging entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, 
to acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing 
and the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to or in connection with the 
relevant Securities, or realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s). 
It will generally not be possible to anticipate the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, 
and the determination by the Calculation Agent to adjust or redeem the Securities as a 
consequence of such event could lead to a loss of investment on the part of holders of the 
Securities. 
6.13
Governmental legislative and regulatory actions, including sanctions, could adversely affect 
your investment in the Securities 
Governmental legislative and regulatory actions, including, without limitation, sanctions-related 
actions by the U.S. or a non-U.S. government, could prohibit or otherwise restrict persons from 
holding the Securities, a Reference Asset or security represented by a Reference Asset, or 
engaging in transactions in them, and any such action could adversely affect the value of the 
Securities or the applicable Reference Asset. These legislative and regulatory actions could 
result in restrictions on the Securities or the delisting of securities represented by the Reference 
Asset. Any of these actions could also result in changes to the composition of an ETF, an Index 
or a Fund, which may reduce the payments on the Securities. You may lose a significant portion 
or all of your initial investment in the Securities, including if a relevant security is delisted or if 
you are forced to divest the Securities due to the government mandates, especially if such 
divestment must be made at a time when the value of the Securities has declined.

--- Page 86 ---
Risk Factors 
73 
7.
Risks related to conflicts of interest of JPMorgan Chase and its discretionary powers as 
Issuer and Calculation Agent under the Securities 
7.1
JPMorgan Chase as Issuer and Calculation Agent has authority to make discretionary 
determinations under the Securities 
Under the terms and conditions of your Securities, following the occurrence of certain events 
outside of its control, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) may exercise discretion 
to take one or more actions available to it in order to deal with the impact of such events on the 
Securities or (if applicable to the particular issue of Securities and excluding Belgian Securities) 
the Issuer's hedging arrangements.  
Any such discretionary determination by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer could have a 
negative impact on the value of and return on the Securities and (amongst other things) could 
result in their early redemption. 
7.2
JPMorgan Chase may have economic interests that are adverse to those of the holders of the 
Securities as a result of JPMorgan Chase's hedging and other trading activities or other 
business activities 
(a)
Hedging and other trading activities  
In anticipation of the sale of the Securities, the relevant Issuer expects to hedge its obligations 
under the Securities through certain JPMorgan Chase affiliates or unaffiliated counterparties by 
taking positions in instruments the value of which is derived from one or more Reference Assets 
or the constituents or components of such Reference Assets or other assets. The Issuer or the 
relevant hedging entity may also adjust its hedge by, among other things, purchasing or selling 
instruments the value of which is derived from one or more Reference Assets or the constituents 
or components of such Reference Assets or other assets at any time and from time to time, and 
close out or unwind our hedge by selling any of the foregoing on or before any valuation date 
under the Securities. Any such hedging activities may negatively affect the value of the 
Reference Asset(s) or the performance of the Securities.  
This hedging activity may present a conflict of interest between your interest as a holder of the 
Securities and the interests that JPMorgan Chase entities have in executing, maintaining and 
adjusting hedge transactions. These hedging activities could also negatively (or positively) 
affect the price at which the Dealer (or an affiliate) is willing to purchase your Securities in the 
secondary market (if any). 
The Dealer and other JPMorgan Chase entities are also likely to trade the Reference Assets or 
the constituents or components of any Reference Asset on a regular basis (taking long or short 
positions or both), for their accounts, for other accounts under their management and to facilitate 
transactions, including block transactions, on behalf of customers. While a particular outcome 
cannot be predicted, any of these hedging activities or other such trading activities could 
potentially reduce (or increase) the value of the Reference Asset(s) on a valuation date, which 
could have a material adverse impact on the value of and return on the Securities. 
(b)
JPMorgan Chase's business activities 
JPMorgan Chase may currently or from time to time engage in business with the issuer of a 
Reference Asset which is a Share or companies the equity securities of which are included in an 
Index, held by an ETF, included in a relevant Index, produce, trade or otherwise be active in 
relation to a commodity or constituent of a commodity index (the "underlying companies"). 
JPMorgan Chase may acquire non-public information about the underlying companies, and will 
not disclose any such information to you. In addition, JPMorgan Chase may publish research 
reports or otherwise express views about the underlying companies. These activities can give 
rise to specific conflicts of interest and therefore have a negative (or positive) impact on the 
value of the Securities. 
Additionally, JPMorgan Chase may serve as issuer, agent or underwriter for issuances of other 
securities or financial instruments with returns linked or related to changes in the level or price, 
as applicable, of a Share, a Commodity, an Index, a Fund or an ETF, the securities included in

--- Page 87 ---
Risk Factors 
74 
an Index or the securities, commodities or futures contracts held by a Fund or an ETF. To the 
extent that JPMorgan Chase serves as issuer, agent or underwriter for these securities or 
financial instruments, JPMorgan Chase's interests with respect to these securities or financial 
instruments may be adverse to those of the holders of the Securities. By introducing competing 
products into the marketplace in this manner, JPMorgan Chase (including any JPMorgan Chase 
entities) could adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
JPMorgan Chase may currently or from time to time engage in trading activities related to the 
currencies in which the equity securities underlying an Index, a Fund or an ETF are 
denominated. If currency exchange rate calculations are involved in the calculation of the 
closing levels of an Index or the net asset values or closing prices of a Fund or an ETF, these 
trading activities could potentially affect the exchange rates with respect to the currencies in 
which the equity securities underlying that Index, Fund or ETF are denominated, the closing 
levels of that Index or the net asset values or closing prices of that Fund or ETF and, accordingly, 
could negatively (or positively) impact the value of the Securities.  
In the course of its currency trading activities, JPMorgan Chase may acquire material non-public 
information with respect to currency exchange rates, and will not disclose any such information 
to you. In addition, JPMorgan Chase may produce and/or publish research reports, or otherwise 
express views, with respect to expected movements in currency exchange rates. These activities 
can give rise to specific conflicts of interest and such activities could have a negative (or 
positive) impact on the value of the Securities. 
8.
Risks related to taxation 
8.1
General 
The tax overviews provided in "Taxation" below address only certain aspects of the taxation of 
income from Securities in a limited number of jurisdictions and are included in this Base 
Prospectus solely for information purposes. These overviews cannot replace individual legal or 
tax advice or become a sole base for any investment decisions and/or assessment of any potential 
tax consequences thereof. The level and bases of taxation (including as part of any minimum 
global tax regime) could change in the future, such changes may be applied retrospectively and 
the value of any reliefs will depend on your own particular circumstances.  
8.2
Additional Amounts on account of withholding tax will not be payable on the Securities in 
certain circumstances 
The Issuer will not pay "Additional Amounts" (as defined in General Condition 18.1 (Obligation 
to pay Additional Amounts) below) to Holders of Securities should withholding taxes become 
payable on payments of principal or interest by or within a Relevant Jurisdiction where: 

the Holder is a resident within that Relevant Jurisdiction; or  

"Gross up" is specified to be "not applicable" in the relevant Issue Terms; or 

one or more customary or other exceptions (as detailed in General Condition 18.2 
(Circumstances in which Additional Amounts will not be paid) below) to the "Gross up" 
obligation applies.  
In addition to the above circumstances, the Issuer will not pay "Additional Amounts" to Holders 
of Securities: 

in respect of any withholding taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA; or 

in respect of U.S. withholding taxes on payments treated as "dividend equivalent" 
payments under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the "Code") (see "Taxation – United States Federal Income Taxation – Taxation of 
Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMorgan Chase & Co. or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
– Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders - U.S. Withholding on Dividend Equivalent Payments" 
below) where:

--- Page 88 ---
Risk Factors 
75 

"Gross up" is specified to be "not applicable" in the relevant Issue Terms; or  

"Gross up" is specified to be "applicable" in the relevant Issue Terms, but 
"Exclude Section 871(m) Taxes from Gross Up" is also specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms; or 

in the reasonable determination of the Issuer, such withholding tax would not 
have been imposed but for the Holder or beneficial owner (or a related party 
thereof) engaging in one or more transactions (other than the mere purchase of 
the Security) whether or not in connection with the acquisition, holding or 
disposition of the Security that establishes the withholding obligation; or 

in respect of U.S. withholding taxes other than U.S. withholding taxes imposed under 
Section 871(m) of the Code where: 

"Gross up" is specified to be "not applicable" in the relevant Issue Terms; or 

"Gross up" is specified to be "applicable" in the relevant Issue Terms, but 
"Exclude U.S. Withholding Taxes other than Section 871(m) Taxes from Gross 
Up" is also specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; or 

in respect of any withholding taxes imposed otherwise than by a Relevant Jurisdiction; 
or 

if one or more customary exceptions (as detailed in General Condition 18.2 
(Circumstances in which Additional Amounts will not be paid) below) to the "Gross up" 
obligation applies. 
Accordingly, in the above circumstances, the return on your Securities will be reduced by the 
amount being withheld. In all other circumstances, the Issuer will pay Additional Amounts 
should withholding taxes become payable on payments of principal or interest by or within a 
Relevant Jurisdiction. 
8.3
Payments to Holders in respect of the Securities and payments received by JPMSP may 
be subject to withholding taxes, which may give rise to a right for JPMSP to redeem or 
terminate the Securities early 
Under any of (a) U.S. tax legislation commonly known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
Act, (b) analogous provisions of non-U.S. laws, (c) an intergovernmental agreement in 
furtherance of such legislation or laws, or (d) an individual agreement entered into with a taxing 
authority pursuant to such legislation or laws (collectively, "FATCA"), the Issuer or an 
intermediary may be required to withhold a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on payments made 
to certain Holders in respect of the relevant Securities. In particular, the withholding tax may 
apply to payments in respect of Securities made to a non-U.S. Holder or beneficial owner that 
is not in compliance with applicable reporting and withholding obligations or that fails to 
provide ownership certifications and identifying information or, if applicable, for waivers of 
any law prohibiting the disclosure of such information to a taxing authority (such Holders and 
beneficial owners, "Recalcitrant Holders"). In the event that the relevant Issuer or an 
intermediary is required to deduct a withholding tax under FATCA, no additional amounts will 
be paid to the Holder or beneficial owner of the Security. 
Under FATCA, JPMSP may also be subject to a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on certain 
payments made to it if it does not comply with the relevant requirements under FATCA. In the 
event JPMSP determines that there is a substantial likelihood that payments made to it would 
be subject to withholding tax under FATCA or if JPMSP otherwise determines that there is a 
substantial likelihood that it will violate any requirement of, or an agreement entered into with 
a taxing authority with respect to, FATCA, it is possible that a portion or all Securities of a 
series issued by JPMSP will be redeemed or terminated at the Early Payment Amount 
(which amount may be less than the purchase price paid by the Holder, depending on the 
fair market value of the Securities at the relevant time and, where specified in the terms 
of the Securities, associated costs of the Issuer to be deducted).

--- Page 89 ---
Risk Factors 
76 
It is anticipated that each Issuer will comply with any due diligence, reporting and withholding 
requirements under FATCA. Accordingly, the relevant Issuer may be required, among other 
things, to withhold 30 per cent. on payments made to Holders that are non-compliant FFIs or to 
Recalcitrant Holders. Should the relevant Issuer or intermediary withhold on payments pursuant 
to FATCA, there will be no "gross up" (or any other additional amount) payable by way of 
compensation to such Holders or beneficial owners for the amounts deducted. 
See also "Taxation – United States Federal Income Taxation – FATCA", below. 
8.4
Proposed regulations on basket contracts 
The U.S. Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") recently released 
proposed regulations designating certain "basket contracts" and substantially similar 
transactions that are currently designated as "transactions of interest" as "listed transactions". 
Both transactions of interest and listed transactions are subject to information reporting 
requirements as "reportable transactions" under Section 6011 of the Code.  If the proposed 
regulations are finalised, taxpayers may be required to disclose basket contracts treated as listed 
transactions even if such contracts were previously disclosed as reportable transactions.   
In general, the proposed regulations could apply to a Security linked to a basket of assets, 
including digital assets, or financial index where a beneficial owner is (i) a United States person 
as defined under the Code, or (ii) a non-United States person whose income, gain or loss, if any, 
would be effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business (an "ECI Holder"), and such 
beneficial owner or its designee has exercised discretion to change the assets in the reference 
basket or trading algorithm underlying the reference basket or index. If a United States person 
or an ECI Holder becomes a beneficial owner of such a Security in contravention with the 
Security's selling restrictions (which prohibit sales to, or beneficial ownership by, United States 
persons or ECI Holders), such a United States person or ECI Holder may be required to report 
certain information to the IRS, as set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations regarding 
"reportable transactions". A Holder or beneficial owner that fails to disclose the transaction in 
accordance with the notice could be subject to penalties. 
In addition to the potential reporting requirement discussed above, the relevant Issuer, or 
affiliates of the relevant Issuer, may be required to report the issuance of any such securities to 
the IRS to the extent the relevant Issuer cannot document the appropriate non-U.S. tax status of 
each beneficial owner. As the relevant Issuer does not expect to be able to document the U.S. 
tax status of each holder, the relevant Issuer currently expects to disclose the issuance of any 
such Securities to the IRS.

--- Page 90 ---
Conflicts of Interest 
77 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
JPMorgan Chase is subject to various potential conflicts of interest in respect of the Securities, 
which could have an adverse effect on the Securities 
An offering of Securities does not constitute an expression of the view of JPMorgan Chase, or a 
recommendation by JPMorgan Chase of, any Reference Asset or the constituents or components of 
any Reference Asset, including through an investment in the Securities. 
You should not take this Base Prospectus or any particular offering of Securities hereunder as an 
expression of the views of JPMorgan Chase about how any Reference Asset or the constituents or 
components of any Reference Asset will perform in the future or as a recommendation to invest (directly 
or indirectly, by taking a long or short position) in any Reference Asset or the constituents or components 
of any Reference Asset, including through an investment in the Securities. As a global financial 
institution, JPMorgan Chase (through various JPMorgan Chase entities) may, and often do, have 
positions (long, short or both) in one or more Reference Assets or constituents or components of any 
Reference Asset that conflict with an investment in the Securities. See "JPMorgan Chase may have 
economic interests that are adverse to those of the Holders of the Securities as a result of JPMorgan 
Chase's hedging and other trading activities" below. You should undertake an independent 
determination of whether an investment in the Securities is suitable for you in light of your specific 
investment objectives, risk tolerance and financial resources. 
JPMorgan Chase may have economic interests that are adverse to those of the Holders of the 
Securities as a result of JPMorgan Chase's hedging and other trading activities. 
In anticipation of the sale of the Securities, the relevant Issuer expects to hedge its obligations under the 
Securities through certain JPMorgan Chase affiliates or unaffiliated counterparties by taking positions in 
instruments the value of which is derived from one or more Reference Assets or the constituents or 
components of such Reference Assets or other assets. The Issuer or the relevant hedging entity may also 
adjust its hedge by, among other things, purchasing or selling instruments the value of which is derived 
from one or more Reference Assets or the constituents or components of such Reference Assets or other 
assets at any time and from time to time, and close out or unwind our hedge by selling any of the 
foregoing on or before any valuation date under the Securities. JPMorgan Chase cannot give you any 
assurances that its hedging activities will not negatively affect the value of the Reference Asset(s) or the 
performance of the Securities.  
This hedging activity may present a conflict of interest between your interest as a Holder of the Securities 
and the interests that JPMorgan Chase entities have in executing, maintaining and adjusting hedge 
transactions. These hedging activities could also affect the price at which the Dealer (or an affiliate) is 
willing to purchase your Securities in the secondary market (if any). 
The hedging entities expect to make a profit. Because hedging the Issuer's obligations entails risk and 
may be influenced by market forces beyond JPMorgan Chase's control, this hedging may result in a profit 
that is more or less than expected, or it may result in a loss. 
The Dealer and other JPMorgan Chase entities are also likely to trade the Reference Assets or the 
constituents or components of any Reference Asset on a regular basis (taking long or short positions or 
both), for their accounts, for other accounts under their management and to facilitate transactions, 
including block transactions, on behalf of customers. While a particular outcome cannot be predicted, 
any of these hedging activities or other such trading activities could potentially increase and/or decrease 
the value of the Reference Asset(s) on a valuation date, which could have a material adverse impact on 
the return on the Securities. 
It is possible that these hedging or trading activities could result in substantial returns for the relevant 
JPMorgan Chase hedging entity (or entities) while the value of the Securities declines. 
JPMorgan Chase may have economic interests that are adverse to those of the Holders of the 
Securities as a result of JPMorgan Chase's business activities 
JPMorgan Chase may currently or from time to time engage in business with the issuer of a Reference 
Asset which is a Share or companies the equity securities of which are included in an Index, held by an 
ETF, included in a relevant Index, produce, trade or otherwise be active in relation to a commodity or

--- Page 91 ---
Conflicts of Interest 
78 
constituent of a commodity index (the "underlying companies"), including extending loans to, making 
equity investments in or providing advisory services to the underlying companies, including merger and 
acquisition advisory services. In the course of this business, JPMorgan Chase may acquire non-public 
information about the underlying companies, and will not disclose any such information to you. In 
addition, JPMorgan Chase may publish research reports or otherwise express views about the underlying 
companies. Any prospective purchaser of Securities should undertake an independent investigation of 
each of the underlying companies as in its judgment is appropriate to make an informed decision with 
respect to an investment in the Securities. JPMorgan Chase does not make any representation or warranty 
to any purchaser of Securities with respect to any matters whatsoever relating to its business with the 
underlying companies. 
Additionally, JPMorgan Chase may serve as issuer, agent or underwriter for issuances of other securities 
or financial instruments with returns linked or related to changes in the level or price, as applicable, of a 
Share, a Commodity, an Index, a Fund or an ETF, the securities included in an Index or the securities, 
commodities or futures contracts held by a Fund or an ETF. To the extent that JPMorgan Chase serves 
as issuer, agent or underwriter for these securities or financial instruments, JPMorgan Chase's interests 
with respect to these securities or financial instruments may be adverse to those of the Holders of the 
Securities. By introducing competing products into the marketplace in this manner, JPMorgan Chase 
(including any JPMorgan Chase entities) could adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
JPMorgan Chase may currently or from time to time engage in trading activities related to the currencies 
in which the equity securities underlying an Index, a Fund or an ETF are denominated. If currency 
exchange rate calculations are involved in the calculation of the closing levels of an Index or the net asset 
values or closing prices of a Fund or an ETF, these trading activities could potentially affect the exchange 
rates with respect to the currencies in which the equity securities underlying that Index, Fund or ETF are 
denominated, the closing levels of that Index or the net asset values or closing prices of that Fund or ETF 
and, accordingly, the value of the Securities.  
In the course of its currency trading activities, JPMorgan Chase may acquire material non-public 
information with respect to currency exchange rates, and will not disclose any such information to you. 
In addition, JPMorgan Chase may produce and/or publish research reports, or otherwise express views, 
with respect to expected movements in currency exchange rates. JPMorgan Chase does not make any 
representation or warranty to any purchaser of Securities with respect to any matters whatsoever relating 
to future currency exchange rate movements and any prospective purchaser of the Securities should 
undertake an independent investigation of the currencies in which securities underlying an Index or ETF 
are denominated and their related exchange rates as, in its judgment, is appropriate to make an informed 
decision with respect to an investment in the Securities. 
JPMorgan Chase may have economic interests that are adverse to those of the Holders of the 
Securities due to J.P. Morgan Securities plc's role as calculation agent. 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc, an affiliate of the Issuers, will act as the calculation agent, unless otherwise 
stated in the relevant Issue Terms. The calculation agent will make all determinations and exercise 
discretionary authorities under the terms and conditions of the Securities, as described in Risk Factor 7.1 
"JPMorgan Chase as Issuer and Calculation Agent has authority to make discretionary determinations 
under the Securities" above. In performing these duties, J.P. Morgan Securities plc (or such other entity 
appointed as the calculation agent, as the case may be) may have interests adverse to the interests of the 
Holders of the Securities, which may affect your return on the Securities. 
JPMorgan Chase may have published research, expressed opinions or provided recommendations that 
are inconsistent with investing in or holding the Securities, and may do so in the future. Any such 
research, opinions or recommendations could affect the value of any relevant Reference Asset, and, 
therefore, the market value of the Securities. 
JPMorgan Chase publish research from time to time on underlying companies, financial markets and 
other matters that may influence the value of the Securities, or express opinions or provide 
recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Securities. JPMorgan Chase may 
have published or may publish research or other opinions that call into question the investment view 
implicit in an investment in the Securities. Any research, opinions or recommendations expressed by 
JPMorgan Chase may not be consistent with each other and may be modified from time to time without

--- Page 92 ---
Conflicts of Interest 
79 
notice. Investors should make their own independent investigation of the merits of investing in the 
Securities and any Reference Asset to which the Securities are linked. 
JPMorgan Chase entities may have potential conflicts of interest in respect of their roles in respect of 
Credit Linked Securities. 
JPMorgan Chase and its affiliates may carry out hedging activities related to the Securities, including 
trading in the obligations of any Reference Entity as well as in other instruments related to a Reference 
Entity. JPMorgan Chase and its affiliates may also trade the obligations of a Reference Entity and other 
financial instruments related to the obligations of a Reference Entity on a regular basis as part of their 
general businesses.  
The Calculation Agent acts in its sole discretion in carrying out all calculations and determinations with 
respect to the Securities. The Calculation Agent will also have the ability to choose, in its sole discretion 
whether or not to notify the Issuer of a Credit Event, which, subject as provided in the Credit Linked 
Provisions and the applicable Issue Terms, would result in an Event Determination Date occurring. If a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is not convened to determine an issue (such as the 
occurrence or not of a Credit Event or the determination of a Successor) then the Calculation Agent may 
make a determination (in its sole and absolute discretion) in respect of such issue. 
JPMorgan Chase and its affiliates may currently or from time to time engage in commercial, investment 
banking or other business with a Reference Entity, and/or any affiliate of a Reference Entity, or any other 
person or entity having obligations relating to a Reference Entity, and may act with respect to such 
business in the same manner as if the Securities did not exist, regardless of whether any such action might 
have an adverse effect on such Reference Entity or the Holders or otherwise (including, without 
limitation, the acceptance of deposits and the extension of loans or credit and any action that might 
constitute or give rise to a Credit Event). In the course of this business, JPMorgan Chase and its affiliates 
may acquire non-public information about a Reference Entity, and in addition, one or more of JPMorgan 
Chase's affiliates may publish research reports about it. You should undertake an independent 
investigation of each Reference Entity as in your judgment is appropriate to make an informed decision 
with respect to an investment in the Securities.

--- Page 93 ---
User's Guide to the Base Prospectus 
80 
USER'S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
1.
Introduction 
The purpose of this section (the "User's Guide") is to provide potential investors with a tool to 
help them navigate through the various documents relating to the Securities issued under the 
Base Prospectus and the various sections of the Base Prospectus. 
2.
Documentation 
For each issue of Securities under the Base Prospectus, the documents listed below will be 
available to potential investors on an ongoing basis. 
2.1
The Base Prospectus 
This document: 

contains an overview of the contents of this Base Prospectus, the information relating to 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (as Guarantors) and JPMCFC, 
JPMSP, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (as Issuers) and the 
risk factors; 

sets out the terms and conditions that apply to the Securities (other than the specific 
commercial terms and characteristics of a particular issue, in respect of which, see 
paragraph 2.3 below); 

sets out the additional terms and conditions that apply in relation to the redemption 
payments and interest/coupon payments (if applicable) of the Securities; 

sets out the additional terms and conditions for Securities linked to a particular Reference 
Asset; and 

sets out certain supplemental provisions in the appendices to the terms and conditions 
that apply in relation to German Securities and Belgian Securities, respectively.  
2.2
The Supplement(s) 
If a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information 
included in the Base Prospectus, which is capable of affecting a potential investor's assessment 
of the Securities, arises, the Issuer and the Guarantor will publish a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus. The supplement will be approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website 
(www.luxse.com) and on the J.P. Morgan Retail Derivative Products web portal 
(https://sp.jpmorgan.com/spweb/index.html). 
In accordance with Article 23(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, investors who have already 
agreed to purchase or subscribe for Securities before the supplement to the Base Prospectus is 
published have the right, exercisable within three working days after the publication of the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus, to withdraw their acceptances, provided that the significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy arose or was noted before the closing of the 
offer period or the delivery of the Securities, whichever occurs first. 
2.3
The Issue Terms 
The applicable Issue Terms will be prepared to document each specific issue of Securities and 
will be either: (i) for Securities other than Exempt Securities, the Final Terms; or (ii) for Exempt 
Securities, the Pricing Supplement. Where applicable for Final Terms in relation to Securities 
other than Exempt Securities, a duly completed issue-specific summary specific will also be 
prepared. 
In each case, the applicable Issue Terms will contain:

--- Page 94 ---
User's Guide to the Base Prospectus 
81 

the specific terms of the issue, including but not limited to, the amount or number of 
Securities being issued, the relevant identification codes and the currency of the 
Securities; 

the commercial terms of the issue, such as the payout formula for redemption, 
interest/coupon amount(s), any automatic or optional early redemption provisions and 
related definitions in respect of a specific issue of Securities, as described in the Base 
Prospectus and completed by the Issue Terms (in each case, depending on the type of 
Securities in question); 

details of the Reference Asset(s) to which the Securities are linked; and 

the relevant dates, such as the issue date, interest/coupon payment date(s), valuation or 
averaging date(s) and redemption date. 
3.
How to navigate the Base Prospectus 
All Securities issued under the Base Prospectus will be subject to the generic sections of the 
Base Prospectus summarised above. Investors should note that depending on the specific 
terms of an issue of Securities not all sections of the Base Prospectus will be relevant to 
each issuance.
The table below lists all of the sections of the Base Prospectus and their applicability to each 
issue of Securities. 
Sections which are applicable to all Securities 
Sections which are only applicable to specific issues of Securities

--- Page 95 ---
User's Guide to the Base Prospectus 
82 
Contents of the Base Prospectus 

GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
1. Sections providing general information on the 
Base Prospectus, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Securities 

RISK FACTORS

CONFLICTS OF INTEREST

USER'S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS

OVERVIEW 
OF 
THE 
POTENTIAL 
FOR 
DISCRETIONARY DETERMINATIONS BY THE 
CALCULATION AGENT AND THE ISSUER

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES
o
General Conditions 
2. Section setting out the general terms governing 
the Securities
o
Payout Conditions 
3. Section setting out the different payout formulae 
that may be applicable to the Securities (save for in 
relation to Credit Linked Securities)
o
Reference Asset Linked Conditions
4. Section applicable to Securities depending on the 
type of Reference Asset(s) – one or more sub-
sections may apply depending on the type of 
Reference Asset(s) 

Share Linked Provisions

Index Linked Provisions

Commodity Linked Provisions

FX Linked Provisions

Credit Linked Provisions

Fund Linked Provisions

Rate Linked Provisions
o
Appendix 
1 
– 
Provisions 
Regarding 
Resolutions of Holder of German Securities
5. Sections applicable to German Securities and 
Belgian Securities and certain Securities where the 
CNH Provisions are specified to be applicable, 
respectively
o
Appendix 2 – Belgian Securities Annex
o
Appendix 3 – CNH Provisions

FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
6. Section setting out the specific terms of the issue 
of Securities other than Exempt Securities

FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
7. Section setting out the specific terms of the issue 
of Exempt Securities

USE OF PROCEEDS 
8. Section relating to the use of proceeds for all 
Securities

INFORMATION RELATING TO SUSTAINABLE 
SECURITIES
9. Section relating to Sustainable Securities 

LIMITATIONS OF THE JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, 
N.A. GUARANTEE AND FORM OF JPMORGAN 
CHASE BANK, N.A. GUARANTEE
10. Sections relating to the Guarantor and the 
Guarantee 

LIMITATIONS OF THE JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. 
GUARANTEE AND FORM OF JPMORGAN CHASE 
& CO. GUARANTEE

BOOK-ENTRY CLEARING SYSTEMS
11. Sections providing additional general 
information in respect of the Securities 

SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE

PURCHASER 
REPRESENTATIONS 
AND 
REQUIREMENTS 
AND 
TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS

CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS

TAXATION

IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION

GENERAL INFORMATION

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-
LOOKING STATEMENTS

INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
12. Section listing the relevant defined terms 
4.
How to read the Issue Terms 
The applicable Issue Terms are divided into two parts:

--- Page 96 ---
User's Guide to the Base Prospectus 
83 

Part A, titled "CONTRACTUAL TERMS", which sets out the specific contractual terms 
of the Securities; and 

Part B, titled "OTHER INFORMATION", which sets out any other information specific 
to the Securities. 
In the case of Final Terms only, an issue-specific summary of the Securities will be annexed to 
the Final Terms. 
Exhaustive information on the characteristics of the Securities as set out in Parts A and B of the 
applicable Issue Terms is available in the Base Prospectus. The Issuers will complete the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable (i.e. the Issue Terms), for each issue of Securities 
based on these forms. The following non-exhaustive diagram outlines the general structure of 
the Issue Terms (and issue-specific summary, if applicable) and indicates the types of 
information found in the Issue Terms. 
ISSUE TERMS
Issuer and Guarantor of the Securities 
Title of the Securities 
PART A: CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Information in respect of the relevant type of Security
Information in respect of interest/coupon payments
Information in respect of redemption of the Securities
Payout formula applicable to the Securities (save for 
in relation to Credit Linked Securities)
Information in respect of the relevant type of 
Reference Asset(s) – one or more sub-section may 
apply depending on the type of Reference Asset(s)
Further general information in respect of the 
Securities
Information in respect of the distribution of the 
Securities
PART B: OTHER INFORMATION 
Listing and admission to trading and ratings 
information
Information on performance of the Reference 
Asset(s) and other information relating to the 
Reference Asset(s)
Post-issuance and operational information
Information in respect of the public offer (if 
applicable)
ISSUE-SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
(if applicable)

--- Page 97 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
84 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This document should be read and construed in conjunction with each supplement to this Base Prospectus 
and the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The information set forth under 
II. (Information) below contained in the documents set forth under I. (Documents) below which, in 
respect of (i) to (xxxvii) below, is hereby incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and deemed 
to form a part of this Base Prospectus:  
I. 
Documents
(i)
the Registration Document dated 16 April 2025 of JPMCFC (the "JPMCFC Registration 
Document") (available at: https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/1066373e95b12d469f8febc4a710e820db); 
(ii)
the Registration Document dated 16 April 2025 of JPMSP (the "JPMSP Registration 
Document") (available at: https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10e4b2539874a4432ca9444262c278aea8); 
(iii)
the Registration Document dated 16 April 2025 of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the 
"JPMorgan 
Chase 
Bank, 
N.A. 
Registration 
Document") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/106a4efe4435154acba7365ed46a7c58ee); 
(iv)
the Registration Document dated 16 April 2025 of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the "JPMorgan 
Chase 
& 
Co. 
Registration 
Document" 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10f62f11c4d91f4db988da14d178ba509c), 
and 
the 
JPMCFC 
Registration Document, the JPMSP Registration Document, the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Registration Document and the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Registration Document are together 
referred to as the "Registration Documents", each of which has been approved for the purposes 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation); 
(v)
the base prospectus dated 23 April 2020 relating to the issues of non-equity securities under the 
Programme by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and 
JPMorgan 
Chase 
& 
Co. 
(the 
"2020 
Base 
Prospectus") 
(available 
at: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10443ae365266f4ca4afe26e4183f2e5d7); 
(vi)
supplement no. 6 dated 20 November 2020 to the 2020 Base Prospectus (the "2020 Base 
Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
6") 
(available 
at: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1058f865b8164c4c90940a923c2f7a8990); 
(vii)
supplement no. 9 dated 11 March 2021 to the 2020 Base Prospectus (the "2020 Base Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
9") 
(available 
at: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10286a5c76a3eb42ebb0bbe84e92d27982); 
(viii)
the base prospectus dated 22 April 2021 relating to the issues of non-equity securities under the 
Programme by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and 
JPMorgan 
Chase 
& 
Co. 
(the 
"2021 
Base 
Prospectus") 
(available 
at: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10263986c49c6748a4b71d1f0f59d64394); 
(ix)
supplement no. 2 dated 27 July 2021 to the 2021 Base Prospectus (the "2021 Base Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
2") 
(available 
at: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/104ebf36d0a83d4bb58c092d4ce475a6a8); 
(x)
supplement no. 6 dated 18 November 2021 to the 2021 Base Prospectus (the "2021 Base 
Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
6") 
(available 
at: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/105a03e55dbe714390b23c357a29f120cb);  
(xi)
supplement no. 7 dated 9 December 2021 to the 2021 Base Prospectus (the "2021 Base 
Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
7") 
(available 
at: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10dc06c192561f4f219147c73381c12e8e); 
(xii)
the base prospectus dated 21 April 2022 relating to the issues of non-equity securities under the 
Programme by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and 
JPMorgan 
Chase 
& 
Co. 
(the 
"2022 
Base 
Prospectus") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10fb301d776af34885999f2b122251caeb);

--- Page 98 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
85 
(xiii)
supplement no. 1 dated 18 May 2022 to the 2022 Base Prospectus (the "2022 Base Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
1") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/105b0373155bee4eff97af78bdb948def5);  
(xiv)
supplement no. 2 dated 14 July 2022 to the 2022 Base Prospectus (the "2022 Base Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
2") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/104a12b5e404b249da86c592d8c43d28e6); 
(xv)
the base prospectus dated 20 April 2023 relating to the issues of non-equity securities under the 
Programme by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V., JPMorgan Chase Financial Company 
LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the "2023 Base Prospectus") 
(available at: https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10ff0d9620fc404f499cb1bdbe362b751a); 
(xvi)
supplement no. 2 dated 26 May 2023 to the 2023 Base Prospectus (the "2023 Base Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
2") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10b866a6d9123847a0b2cee1dc99fd0a7d); 
(xvii)
supplement no. 3 dated 13 July 2023 to the 2023 Base Prospectus (the "2023 Base Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
3") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10ca2e5b5e01734f5b95f53e7d5b72ccd9); 
(xviii)
supplement no. 5 dated 17 August 2023 to the 2023 Base Prospectus (the "2023 Base 
Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
5") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/107b1c253d014443d2bde2bc09000153ff); 
(xix)
supplement no. 6 dated 21 September 2023 to the 2023 Base Prospectus (the "2023 Base 
Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
6") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10c7044042e2df42ba9509129709165475); 
(xx)
supplement no. 8 dated 16 November 2023 to the 2023 Base Prospectus (the "2023 Base 
Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
8") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10f6db28b0c0944a578579cd560fe9228b); 
(xxi)
supplement no. 9 dated 25 January 2024 to the 2023 Base Prospectus (the "2023 Base 
Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
9") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/1061cc5c8867d04c3ea3136eee11f0400b); 
(xxii)
the base prospectus dated 18 April 2024 relating to the issues of non-equity securities under the 
Programme by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V., JPMorgan Chase Financial Company 
LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the "April 2024 Base 
Prospectus") (available at: https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10ffb5746ba5144b638ea42f5137486876); 
(xxiii)
supplement no. 1 dated 16 May 2024 to the April 2024 Base Prospectus (the "April 2024 Base 
Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
1") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/1049135db69e204ceb951a2ca077637f40); 
(xxiv)
supplement no. 2 dated 4 June 2024 to the April 2024 Base Prospectus (the "April 2024 Base 
Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
2") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10d53bd31ca12d4569901bef1d0be4f399); 
(xxv)
supplement no. 3 dated 25 July 2024 to the April 2024 Base Prospectus (the "April 2024 Base 
Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
3") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10c6f2d8200c074dbb9f134dec04c7337d); 
(xxvi)
supplement no. 4 dated 14 August 2024 to the April 2024 Base Prospectus (the "April 2024 
Base 
Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
4") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10f866a983dd064806996f05ccb2b82ea6); 
(xxvii)
supplement no. 6 dated 24 October 2024 to the April 2024 Base Prospectus (the "April 2024 
Base 
Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
6") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10a867eeb782b74d13a664607c72aabd67);

--- Page 99 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
86 
(xxviii) the base prospectus dated 5 December 2024 relating to the issues of non-equity securities under 
the Programme by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V., JPMorgan Chase Financial Company 
LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the "December 2024 Base 
Prospectus") (available at: https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/1036895c628bec488bb4f177ce56b0996e); 
(xxix)
supplement no. 2 dated 27 February 2025 to the December 2024 Base Prospectus (the 
"December 
2024 
Base 
Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
2") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/102b1263e148554179836c2954cb52778a);  
(xxx)
supplement no. 3 dated 10 April 2025 to the December 2024 Base Prospectus (the "December 
2024 
Base 
Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
3") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10c96e1e70b8ff4387b83b880a5449c922); 
(xxxi)
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. for the year ended 31 December 
2024 containing its audited consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 
and for each of the three years in the period ended 31 December 2024 (the "JPMorgan Chase 
& 
Co. 
2024 
Form 
10-K") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/104e545835c4de4d9595cf57015ce0d2d8); 
(xxxii)
the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. dated 11 April 2025 containing the 
earnings press release for the quarter ended 31 March 2025 (the "JPMorgan Chase & Co. 11 
April 
2025 
Form 
8-K") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10708d7ffb60fa45a0b5581971b084e4f3); 
(xxxiii) the Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A of JPMorgan Chase & Co. dated 7 April 2025 (the 
"JPMorgan 
Chase 
& 
Co. 
2025 
Proxy 
Statement") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10cf74914064ce4076819da7cc4c64a26b); 
(xxxiv) the audited consolidated financial statements of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. for the three years 
ended 31 December 2024 (the "JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 2024 Audited Financial 
Statements") (available at: https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10ba78482e777e4ee08220c39b9ffce600); 
(xxxv)
the audited financial statements of JPMCFC as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 and for each of 
the two years in the period ended 31 December 2024 (the "JPMCFC 2024 Audited Financial 
Statements") (available at: https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10f2aaf5a092f04776be43b3734027b0da); 
(xxxvi) the JPMSP Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2023 (the "JPMSP 2023 Annual 
Report") (available at: https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10d5f20025a12a4aaeaa9e249d2459724c); and 
(xxxvii) the JPMSP Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2024 (the "JPMSP 2024 Annual 
Report") (available at: https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10ed15468aae064cdbb06d71cd1f38e457).  
II. 
Information
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the information incorporated into this Base 
Prospectus by reference. Any non-incorporated parts (information which is not listed in the cross-
reference list below) of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant to investors or are 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page references 
From the JPMCFC Registration Document 
Risk factors relating to JPMCFC
Pages 4 to 44
Documents incorporated by reference
Pages 45 to 49
Information relating to JPMCFC
Pages 50 to 52
General Information
Page 53
From the JPMSP Registration Document 
Risk factors relating to JPMSP
Pages 4 to 42
Documents incorporated by reference
Pages 43 to 44
Information relating to JPMSP
Pages 45 to 48
General Information
Page 49

--- Page 100 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
87 
From the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Registration Document  
Risk factors relating to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
Pages 4 to 42
Documents incorporated by reference
Pages 43 to 46
Information relating to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
Pages 47 to 55
General Information
Page 56
From the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Registration Document  
Risk factors relating to JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Pages 4 to 42
Documents incorporated by reference
Pages 43 to 46
Information relating to JPMorgan Chase & Co
Pages 47 to 65
General Information
Page 66
From the 2020 Base Prospectus  
Terms and Conditions of the Securities
General Conditions
Pages 109 to 205
Payout Conditions
Pages 206 to 274 
Reference Asset Linked Conditions
Share Linked Provisions
Pages 275 to 293
Index Linked Provisions
Pages 294 to 307
Commodity Linked Provisions
Pages 308 to 324
FX Linked Provisions
Pages 325 to 333
Credit Linked Provisions
Pages 334 to 396
Fund Linked Provisions
Pages 397 to 417
Appendix 1 – Provisions regarding resolutions of Holders of German 
Securities
Pages 418 to 422 
Appendix 2 – USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event Appendix
Pages 423 to 426
Appendix 3 – Belgian Securities Annex
Pages 427 to 435
Form of Final Terms (the "2020 Form of Final Terms")*
Pages 436 to 548
Form of Pricing Supplement
Pages 549 to 659
Limitations of the Guarantee and Form of Guarantee
Pages 661 to 665
From the 2020 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 6 
II.
Amendments to the Form of Final Terms
Pages 6 to 7
From the 2020 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 9  
V.
Amendments to the General Conditions set out in Schedule 4
Pages vi, 10
VI.
Amendments to the Form of Final Terms set out in Schedule 5
Pages vi, 11 to 13
VII. 
Amendments to the Form of Pricing Supplement set out in Schedule 
6
Pages vi, 14 to 15 
From the 2021 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities
General Conditions
Pages 114 to 224
Payout Conditions
Pages 225 to 300
Reference Asset Linked Conditions
Share Linked Provisions
Pages 301 to 319
Index Linked Provisions
Pages 320 to 333
Commodity Linked Provisions
Pages 334 to 350
FX Linked Provisions
Pages 351 to 359
Credit Linked Provisions
Pages 360 to 421
Fund Linked Provisions
Pages 422 to 442
Appendix 1 – Provisions regarding resolutions of Holders of German 
Securities
Pages 443 to 447 
Appendix 2 – USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event Appendix
Pages 448 to 451
Appendix 3 – Belgian Securities Annex
Pages 452 to 459
Form of Final Terms (the "2021 Form of Final Terms")*
Pages 460 to 583
Form of Pricing Supplement
Pages 584 to 702
Limitations of the Guarantee and Form of Guarantee
Pages 704 to 708

--- Page 101 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
88 
From the 2021 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 2 
II.(b)
Amendments to the Fund Linked Provisions
Pages 6
From the 2021 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 6 
II.(b)
Amendments to the section entitled General Conditions
Pages 7 to 8
II.(c)
Amendments to the section entitled Share Linked Provisions
Pages 8 to 9
II.(d)
Amendments to the section entitled Index Linked Provisions
Page 9
II.(e)
Amendments to the Belgian Securities Annex
Page 9
From the 2021 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 7 
I.(a)
Amendments to the section entitled Form of Final Terms
Pages 4 to 5
I.(b)
Amendments to the section entitled Form of Pricing Supplement
Pages 5 to 6
From the 2022 Base Prospectus
Terms and Conditions of the Securities
General Conditions
Pages 119 to 251
Payout Conditions
Pages 252 to 339
Reference Asset Linked Conditions
Share Linked Provisions
Pages 340 to 358
Index Linked Provisions
Pages 359 to 372
Commodity Linked Provisions
Pages 373 to 389
FX Linked Provisions
Pages 390 to 398
Credit Linked Provisions
Pages 399 to 460
Fund Linked Provisions
Pages 461 to 481
Appendix 1 – Provisions regarding resolutions of Holders of German 
Securities
Pages 482 to 486 
Appendix 2 – USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event Appendix
Pages 487 to 490
Appendix 3 – Belgian Securities Annex
Pages 491 to 498
Form of Final Terms (the "2022 Form of Final Terms")*
Pages 499 to 641
Form of Pricing Supplement
Pages 642 to 776
Limitations of the Guarantee and Form of Guarantee
Pages 778 to 782
From the 2022 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 1
II.
Amendments to the section entitled General Conditions
Pages 4 to 5
From the 2022 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 2
I.
Amendments to the Form of Final Terms
Page 3
From the 2023 Base Prospectus
Terms and Conditions of the Securities
General Conditions
Pages 131 to 267
Payout Conditions
Pages 268 to 358
Reference Asset Linked Conditions
Share Linked Provisions
Pages 359 to 377
Index Linked Provisions
Pages 378 to 391
Commodity Linked Provisions
Pages 392 to 408
FX Linked Provisions
Pages 409 to 417
Credit Linked Provisions
Pages 418 to 497
Fund Linked Provisions
Pages 498 to 518
Appendix 1 – Provisions regarding resolutions of Holders of German 
Securities
Pages 519 to 523 
Appendix 2 – USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event Appendix
Pages 524 to 527
Appendix 3 – Belgian Securities Annex
Pages 528 to 536
Form of Final Terms (the "2023 Form of Final Terms")*
Pages 537 to 683
Form of Pricing Supplement
Pages 684 to 822 
Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee and Form of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee
Pages 829 to 833 
Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee and Form of JPMorgan 
Chase & Co. Guarantee
Pages 834 to 838

--- Page 102 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
89 
From the 2023 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 2
1.
Supplements and amendments to the General Conditions
Page 4
2.
Supplements and amendments to the Form of Final Terms
Pages 4 to 6
3.
Supplements and amendments to the Form of Pricing Supplement
Pages 6 to 7
From the 2023 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 3
III.
Amendments to the section entitled General Conditions
Pages 9 to 11
IV.
Amendments to the section entitled Form of Final Terms
Pages 11 to 15
V.
Amendments to the section entitled Form of Pricing Supplement
Pages 15 to 19
From the 2023 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 5
II.(c)
Amendments to the section entitled General Conditions
Pages 9 to 10
II.(d)
Amendments to the section entitled Form of Final Terms
Pages 10 to 12
II.(e)
Amendments to the section entitled Form of Pricing Supplement
Pages 12 to 14
From the 2023 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 6
II.(a)
Amendments to the section entitled Payout Conditions
Pages 6 to 7
From the 2023 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 8
II.(b)
Amendments to the section entitled General Conditions
Pages 5 to 6
II.(c)
Amendments to the section entitled Payout Conditions
Pages 6 to 8
II.(d)
Amendments to the section entitled Share Linked Provisions
Page 8
II.(e)
Amendments to the section entitled Index Linked Provisions
Pages 8 to 9
II.(f)
Amendments to the section entitled Form of Final Terms
Pages 9 to 13
II.(g)
Amendments to the section entitled Form of Pricing Supplement
Pages 13 to 17
From the 2023 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 9
II.(a)
Amendments to the section entitled General Conditions
Pages 4 to 5
II.(b)
Amendments to the section entitled Form of Final Terms
Page 5
II.(c)
Amendments to the section entitled Form of Pricing Supplement
Pages 5 to 6
From the April 2024 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities
General Conditions
Pages 135 to 270
Payout Conditions
Pages 271 to 362
Reference Asset Linked Conditions
Share Linked Provisions
Pages 363 to 381
Index Linked Provisions
Pages 382 to 395
Commodity Linked Provisions
Pages 396 to 412
FX Linked Provisions
Pages 413 to 421
Credit Linked Provisions
Pages 422 to 501
Fund Linked Provisions
Pages 502 to 522
Appendix 1 – Provisions regarding resolutions of Holders of German 
Securities
Pages 523 to 527 
Appendix 2 – Belgian Securities Annex
Pages 528 to 536
Form of Final Terms (the "April 2024 Form of Final Terms")*
Pages 537 to 690
Form of Pricing Supplement
Pages 691 to 702
Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee and Form of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee
Pages 709 to 714 
Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee and Form of JPMorgan 
Chase & Co. Guarantee
Pages 714 to 718 
From the April 2024 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 1
III.
Amendments to the section entitled Form of Final Terms
Pages 6 to 9
From the April 2024 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 2
II.
Amendments to the section entitled Form of Final Terms
Pages 4 to 5
From the April 2024 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 3

--- Page 103 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
90 
III.
Amendments to the section entitled General Conditions
Pages 4 to 7
From the April 2024 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 4
II.(a)
Amendments to the section entitled Payout Conditions
Page 6
II.(b)
Amendments to the section entitled Form of Final Terms
Page 6
From the April 2024 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 6 
II.(C) 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities as set out 
in Schedule 3
Pages iii, 11 to 19 
II.(D)
Amendments to the Form of Final Terms as set out in Schedule 4
Pages iv, 20 to 24
II.(E) 
Amendments to the Form of Pricing Supplement as set out in 
Schedule 5
Pages iv, 25 
From the December 2024 Base Prospectus
Terms and Conditions of the Securities
General Conditions
Pages 153 to 291
Payout Conditions
Pages 292 to 384
Reference Asset Linked Conditions
Share Linked Provisions
Pages 385 to 403
Index Linked Provisions
Pages 404 to 417
Commodity Linked Provisions
Pages 418 to 434
FX Linked Provisions
Pages 435 to 443
Credit Linked Provisions
Pages 444 to 523
Fund Linked Provisions
Pages 524 to 544
Rate Linked Provisions
Pages 545 to 551
Appendix 1 – Provisions regarding resolutions of Holders of German 
Securities
Pages 552 to 556 
Appendix 2 – Belgian Securities Annex
Pages 557 to 565
Appendix 3 – CNH Provisions
Pages 566 to 569
Form of Final Terms (the "December 2024 Form of Final Terms")*
Pages 570 to 731
Form of Pricing Supplement
Pages 732 to 743
Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee and Form of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee
Pages 750 to 754 
Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee and Form of JPMorgan 
Chase & Co. Guarantee
Pages 755 to 759 
From the December 2024 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 2
III. 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities as set out 
in Schedule 1
Pages 11, 13 to 16 
IV.
Amendments to the Form of Final Terms as set out in Schedule 2
Pages 11, 17 to 19
From the December 2024 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 3
III.
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities
Pages 10 to 11
2.
Amendments to the Form of Final Terms
Page 11
From the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2024 Form 10-K 
Part I 
Item 1
Business 
Page 1
Overview
Page 1
Business segments & Corporate
Page 1
Competition
Page 1
Supervision and regulation
Pages 2 to 7
Human capital
Pages 8 to 9
Distribution of assets, liabilities and stockholders' equity; 
interest rates and interest differentials
Pages 322 to 326 
Return on equity and assets
Pages 50, 176, 322
Investment securities portfolio
Page 235
Loans 
Pages 119 to 136, 
243 to 265

--- Page 104 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
91 
Allowance for credit losses 
Pages 137 to 139, 
266 to 270
Deposits
Page 285
Item 1B
Unresolved staff comments
Page 38
Item 2
Properties
Page 38
Item 3
Legal proceedings
Page 38
Item 4
Mine safety disclosures
Page 38
Part II 
Item 5 
Market 
for 
registrant's 
common 
equity, 
related 
stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity 
securities
Page 39 
Item 6
Reserved
Page 39
Item 7 
Management's discussion and analysis of financial 
condition and results of operations 
Page 39 
Item 7A 
Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market 
risk 
Page 39 
Item 8
Financial statements and supplementary data 
Page 40
Item 9 
Changes in and disagreements with accountants on 
accounting and financial disclosure 
Page 40 
Item 9A
Controls and procedures 
Page 40
Item 9B
Other information
Page 41
Item 9C 
Disclosure regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent 
inspections
Page 41 
Part III 
Item 10
Directors, executive officers and corporate governance 
Page 42
Item 11
Executive compensation 
Page 43
Item 12 
Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and 
management and related stockholder matters 
Page 43 
Item 13 
Certain relationships and related transactions, and 
director independence 
Page 43 
Item 14
Principal accounting fees and services 
Page 43
Part IV 
Financial 
Three-Year Summary of Consolidated Financial Highlights
Page 50
Five-Year Stock Performance
Page 51
Management's discussion and analysis 
Introduction
Pages 52 to 53
Executive Overview
Pages 54 to 58
Consolidated Results of Operations
Pages 59 to 62
Consolidated Balance Sheets and Cash Flows Analysis
Pages 63 to 66
Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm's Use of Non-GAAP 
Financial Measures
Pages 67 to 69 
Business Segment & Corporate Results
Pages 70 to 72
Consumer & Community Banking
Pages 73 to 76
Commercial & Investment Bank
Pages 77 to 83
Asset & Wealth Management
Pages 84 to 87
Corporate
Pages 88 to 90
Firmwide Risk Management
Pages 91 to 95
Strategic Risk Management
Page 96
Capital Risk Management
Pages 97 to 107
Liquidity Risk Management
Pages 108 to 115
Reputation Risk Management
Page 116
Credit and Investment Risk Management
Pages 117 to 118
Credit Portfolio
Page 119
Consumer Credit Portfolio
Pages 120 to 125
Wholesale Credit Portfolio
Pages 126 to 136
Allowance for Credit Losses
Pages 137 to 139

--- Page 105 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
92 
Investment Portfolio Risk Management
Page 140
Market Risk Management
Pages 141 to 149
Country Risk Management
Pages 150 to 151
Climate Risk Management
Page 152
Operational Risk Management
Pages 153 to 156
Compliance Risk Management
Page 157
Conduct Risk Management
Page 158
Legal Risk Management
Page 159
Estimations & Model Risk Management
Page 160
Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm
Pages 161 to 164
Accounting and Reporting Developments
Pages 165 to 166
Forward-Looking Statements
Page 167
Audited financial statements 
Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Page 168
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Pages 169 to 171
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated statements of income
Page 172
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income
Page 173
Consolidated balance sheets
Page 174
Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders' 
equity
Page 175 
Consolidated statements of cash flows
Page 176
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pages 177 to 321
Supplementary information 
Distribution of assets, liabilities and stockholders' equity; interest 
rates and interest differentials
Pages 322 to 323 
Interest rates and interest differential analysis of net interest income - 
U.S. and non-U.S.
Pages 324 to 325 
Changes in net interest income, volume and rate analysis
Page 326
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms
Pages 327 to 333
Signatures 
Page 334
Exhibits 
Pages 337 to 436*
From the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 11 April 2025 Form 8-K**†
Item 2.02
Results of Operations and Financial Condition
Page 2
Item 9.01
Financial Statements and Exhibits
Page 2
Exhibit 99.1 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Earnings Release – First Quarter 
2025 Results
Pages 4 to 11 
Exhibit 99.2 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Earnings Release Financial 
Supplement – First Quarter 2025
Pages 12 to 40 
From the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2025 Proxy Statement  
Corporate 
Governance 
Proposal 1: Election of Directors
Page 7
Key factors for shareholder consideration
Page 8
Director nominees
Pages 9 to 20
Board governance
Pages 21 to 27
Board oversight
Pages 28 to 29
Board engagement
Pages 30 to 31
Director compensation
Pages 32 to 33
Other corporate governance policies and practices
Pages 34 to 37
Executive 
Compensation 
Proposal 2: Advisory resolution to approve executive 
compensation 
38 
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
39
Introduction & Overview
Pages 39 to 42
1. How we think about pay decisions
Pages 43 to 52
2. How we performed against our business strategy
Pages 53 to 56
3. How performance determined pay in 2024
Pages 57 to 62
Compensation & Management Development Committee 
report
63

--- Page 106 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
93 
Executive compensation tables
Page 64
I. Summary compensation table (SCT)
Pages 64 to 65
II. 2024 Grants of plan-based awards
Page 65
III. Outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end 2024
Pages 66 to 67
IV. 2024 Option exercises and stock vested table
Page 68
V. 2024 Pension benefits
Pages 68 to 69
VI. 2024 Non-qualified deferred compensation
Page 69
VII. 2024 Potential payments upon termination or 
change in control
Pages 70 to 71 
Pay versus performance disclosure
Pages 72 to 74
CEO pay ratio disclosure
Page 75
Security ownership of directors and executive officers
Pages 76 to 77
Audit Matters 
Proposal 3: Ratification of independent registered 
public accounting firm 
Page 78 
Overview
Page 78
Engagement of independent registered public accounting 
firm
Page 79 
Board oversight of PwC
Page 79
Fees paid to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Page 80
Audit Committee approval policy and procedures
Page 80
Audit Committee report
Pages 81 to 82
Shareholder 
Proposals 
Proposal 4 – 5: Shareholder-submitted proposals 
Page 83
Introduction
Page 84
4. Support for an independent board chairman
Pages 85 to 87
5. Report on social impacts of transition finance
Pages 88 to 90
General 
Information  
Information About the Annual Shareholder Meeting 
Pages 91 to 97
Shareholder Proposals and Nominations for the 2026 
Annual Meeting 
Pages 98 to 99 
Notes on Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
Pages 100 to 101
Glossary of Selected Terms and Acronyms 
Page 102
From the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 2024 Audited Financial Statements 
Report of Independent Auditors
Pages 1 to 2
Consolidated Financial Statements:
Consolidated Statements of Income
Page 3
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Page 4
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Page 5
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder's Equity
Page 6
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Page 7
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pages 8 to 142
Supplementary Information (unaudited):
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms
Pages 143 to 147
From the JPMCFC 2024 Audited Financial Statements 
Board of Managers' Report
Pages 1 to 6
Report of Independent Auditors**
Pages 7 to 8
Financial Statements
Statements of Financial Condition
Page 9
Statements of Income/(Loss) and Comprehensive Income /(Loss)
Page 10
Statements of Changes in Member's Equity
Page 11
Statements of Cash Flows
Page 12
Notes to Financial Statements
Pages 13 to 24
From the JPMSP 2023 Annual Report*** 
Directors' report
Pages 3 to 9
Financial statements:
Balance sheet
Page 10
Income statement
Page 11
Statement of comprehensive income
Page 11
Statement of changes in equity
Page 12

--- Page 107 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
94 
Statement of cash flows
Page 13
Notes to the financial statements
Pages 14 to 37
Other Information:
Profit appropriation according to the Articles of Association
Page 38
Independent auditor's report****
Pages 39 to 50
From the JPMSP 2024 Annual Report*** 
Directors' report
Pages 3 to 10
Financial statements:
Statement of financial position
Page 11
Income statement
Page 12
Statement of comprehensive income
Page 12
Statement of changes in equity
Page 13
Statement of cash flows
Page 14
Notes to the financial statements
Pages 15 to 38
Other Information:
Profit appropriation according to the Articles of Association
Page 39
Independent auditors' report****
Pages 40 to 51
*Save as provided in paragraph 12 (Fungible issuances) of the section entitled "Important Legal 
Information" of this Base Prospectus. 
**The Report of Independent Auditors contained in the JPMCFC 2024 Audited Financial Statements 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus is the original Report of Independent Auditors that 
was issued on 8 April 2025 with respect to the JPMCFC 2024 Audited Financial Statements. The 
paragraph headed "European Single Electronic Format (ESEF)" on pages 7 to 8 of the Report of 
Independent Auditors relates to the official 2024 audited financial statements of JPMCFC (as prepared 
in XHTML format) in accordance with the applicable Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) on ESEF, 
and is not applicable for the financial information and format as set out in this Base Prospectus. 
***The page numbers referenced above in relation to each of (i) the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 11 April 
2025 Form 8-K, (ii) the Exhibits to the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2024 Form 10-K, (iii) the JPMSP 2023 
Annual Report and (iv) the JPMSP 2024 Annual Report relate to the PDF version of such document, 
copies of which are available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
****The auditor's report contained in the JPMSP 2023 Annual Report incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus is the original auditor's report that was issued on 8 April 2024 with respect to the JPMSP 
2023 Annual Report. The paragraph headed "European Single Electronic Format (ESEF)" on page 8 of 
the auditor's report (PDF page 46 of the JPMSP 2023 Annual Report) relates to the official 2023 annual 
report of JPMSP (as prepared in XHTML format) in accordance with the applicable Regulatory 
Technical Standards (RTS) on ESEF, and is not applicable for the financial information and format as 
set out in this Base Prospectus. 
The auditor's report contained in the JPMSP 2024 Annual Report incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus is the original auditor's report that was issued on 7 April 2025 with respect to the JPMSP 
2024 Annual Report. The paragraph headed "European Single Electronic Format (ESEF)" on page 8 of 
the auditor's report (PDF page 47 of the JPMSP 2024 Annual Report) relates to the official 2024 annual 
report of JPMSP (as prepared in XHTML format) in accordance with the applicable Regulatory 
Technical Standards (RTS) on ESEF, and is not applicable for the financial information and format as 
set out in this Base Prospectus. 
†The preliminary financial data in the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 11 April 2025 Form 8-K incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus has been prepared by, and is the responsibility of, JPMorgan Chase & 
Co.'s management. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has not audited, reviewed, examined, compiled, nor 
applied agreed-upon procedures with respect to the preliminary financial data. Accordingly, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect 
thereto.

--- Page 108 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
95 
Investors who have not previously reviewed the information contained in the above documents should 
do so in connection with their evaluation of any Securities. Any statement contained in a document, all 
or the relevant portion of which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, shall be deemed 
to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in any supplement to this Base Prospectus filed under Article 23 of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation, including any documents incorporated therein by reference, modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). The documents 
incorporated by reference will be available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website 
(www.luxse.com).

--- Page 109 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
96 
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
This section is intended to answer some of the questions which investors may have when considering an 
investment in the Securities. However, any decision to invest in the Securities should only be made after 
careful consideration of all relevant sections of this Base Prospectus and the relevant Issue Terms. This 
section should be treated as an introduction to the Issuers, the types of Securities which may be issued 
under the Programme and certain terms of such Securities. 
1. 
What documents do you need to read in respect of an issuance of Securities? ........................ 97 
2. 
Who are the Issuers and the Guarantors under this Programme? ............................................ 98 
3. 
What type of Securities can be issued under this Programme?................................................ 99 
4. 
What are the Reference Assets to which Securities may be linked? ........................................ 99 
5. 
Will the issue price of a Security reflect its market value on or after the issue date? .............. 99 
6. 
Are the market value and interest and amounts payable or deliverable in respect of your 
Securities subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and the relevant Guarantor (if 
applicable)? ............................................................................................................................ 100 
7. 
Will you be able to sell your Securities?................................................................................ 100 
8. 
What will be the price of your Securities if you are able to sell them? .................................. 100 
9. 
If your Securities are linked to a Reference Asset, will you have recourse to that asset if the 
Issuer and the relevant Guarantor (if applicable) defaults?.................................................... 101 
10. 
How much of your investment is at risk? .............................................................................. 101 
11. 
Who is the "Holder" of the Securities? .................................................................................. 101 
12. 
What rights do Holders have against an Issuer? .................................................................... 101 
13. 
What do you have to do to exercise your rights in respect of your Securities? ..................... 102 
14. 
How can you enforce your rights against an Issuer if the Issuer has failed to make a payment of 
principal on the Securities? .................................................................................................... 102 
15. 
How are payments made to you? ........................................................................................... 103 
16. 
What if the Securities are not held through a clearing system? ............................................. 103 
17. 
How are Reference Assets delivered to you? ......................................................................... 103 
18. 
When are payments made to investors? ................................................................................. 103 
19. 
Who calculates the amounts payable to you? ........................................................................ 103 
20. 
What is a "Payment Disruption Event" and what are its consequences? ............................... 104 
21. 
Are the Calculation Agent's determinations binding on you? ................................................ 104 
22. 
Are there any fees, expenses or taxes to pay when purchasing, holding or selling Securities?
 ............................................................................................................................................... 105 
23. 
Under what circumstances may the Securities be redeemed or terminated before their stated 
maturity? ................................................................................................................................ 105 
24. 
Are there any other circumstances in which your Securities may become repayable prior to 
maturity? ................................................................................................................................ 106 
25. 
How is the Early Payment Amount calculated? ..................................................................... 106 
26. 
Can the Issuer amend the conditions of Securities once they have been issued without your 
consent? ................................................................................................................................. 109 
27. 
What are Share Linked Securities? ........................................................................................ 110 
28. 
What are the Share Linked Provisions? ................................................................................. 110 
29. 
What are Index Linked Securities? ........................................................................................ 111

--- Page 110 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
97 
30. 
What are the Index Linked Provisions? ................................................................................. 111 
31. 
What are Commodity Linked Securities? .............................................................................. 112 
32. 
What are the Commodity Linked Provisions? ....................................................................... 112 
33. 
What are FX Linked Securities? ............................................................................................ 113 
34. 
What are the FX Linked Provisions? ..................................................................................... 113 
35. 
What are Credit Linked Securities? ....................................................................................... 113 
36. 
What are the Credit Linked Provisions? ................................................................................ 114 
37. 
What are Fund Linked Securities? ......................................................................................... 130 
38. 
What are the Fund Linked Provisions? .................................................................................. 130 
39. 
What are Rate Linked Securities? .......................................................................................... 131 
40. 
What are the Rate Linked Provisions? ................................................................................... 131 
41. 
What is an "Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event" and what are its consequences? .......... 131 
1.
What documents do you need to read in respect of an issuance of Securities? 
There are several legal documents which you must read in respect of any Securities: (i) each 
applicable section of this Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus); (ii) the Registration Document for the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Guarantor (if applicable) and (iii) the Issue Terms in respect of such Securities (including the 
issue-specific summary annexed thereto). You may request copies of any documents from your 
selling agent or from the Luxembourg listing agent, whose address is set out below. For Swiss 
Securities, all documents will also be available from the Swiss Programme Agent, whose 
address is set out below. For German Securities, all documents will also be available from the 
German Programme Agent or, if German Securities are cleared through Euroclear or 
Clearstream Luxembourg, the Principal Programme Agent, whose address is set out below. For 
French Securities, all documents will also be available from the French Programme Agent or, if 
French Securities are cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg, the Principal 
Programme Agent, whose address is set out below. 
(a)
What information is included in this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus contains the general terms and conditions of all Securities in the section 
entitled "General Conditions", the Payout Conditions and the Reference Asset Linked 
Conditions, which relate to the most common Reference Assets, being the Share Linked 
Provisions, the Index Linked Provisions, the Commodity Linked Provisions, the FX Linked 
Provisions, the Credit Linked Provisions, the Fund Linked Provisions and the Rate Linked 
Provisions. For further information about the Reference Asset Linked Conditions, see 
Commonly Asked Question 28 (What are the Share Linked Provisions?), Commonly Asked 
Question 30 (What are the Index Linked Provisions?), Commonly Asked Question 32 (What 
are the Commodity Linked Provisions?), Commonly Asked Question 34 (What are the FX 
Linked Provisions?), Commonly Asked Question 36 (What are the Credit Linked Provisions?), 
Commonly Asked Question 38 (What are the Fund Linked Provisions?) and Commonly Asked 
Question 40 (What are the Rate Linked Provisions?) below. 
The General Conditions, which may be completed by the applicable Payout Conditions and any 
applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions, must be read together with the Issue Terms 
which will specify which General Conditions, which Payout Conditions and which Reference 
Asset Linked Conditions apply to your Securities – see Commonly Asked Question 1(b) (What 
information is included in the Issue Terms?) below. 
The Registration Documents disclose financial and other information about each Issuer and, if 
applicable, the Guarantor, of such Securities and incorporates by reference further information 
about such entities. The Registration Documents incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus are available to investors by request from Matheson LLP, the Luxembourg listing 
agent, at its office at 70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland, and, in relation to Swiss

--- Page 111 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
98 
Securities, from UBS AG, the Swiss Programme Agent, at its office at Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8001 
Zürich, Switzerland, and, in relation to German Securities, from BNP Paribas S.A. Germany 
Branch, the German Programme Agent, at its office at Senckenberganlage 19, 60325 Frankfurt 
am Main, Germany and, in relation to French Securities, from BNP Paribas S.A., the French 
Programme Agent, at its office at 16, boulevard des Italiens, 75009 Paris, France. In addition, 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will publish all of such documents on its website 
(www.luxse.com). 
This Base Prospectus also discloses restrictions about who can buy such Securities and to whom 
the Securities may be transferred or resold and risk factors relating to the Issuers and the 
Guarantors and the Securities issued under this Programme. It also contains certain tax advice 
and certain ERISA considerations, although you should always seek specialist advice which has 
been tailored to your circumstances.  
(b)
What information is included in the Issue Terms? 
While this Base Prospectus includes general information about all Securities, the Issue Terms 
is the document that sets out the specific details of each issuance of Securities. The Issue Terms 
will contain, for example, the issue date, the maturity date and the methods used to calculate the 
redemption amount and any interest payments, if applicable.  
The Issue Terms for each issuance of Securities will specify which, if any, of the Payout 
Conditions and the Reference Asset Linked Conditions apply to an issuance of such Securities, 
and will complete the General Conditions, any such Payout Conditions and any such Reference 
Asset Linked Conditions. Therefore, the Issue Terms for such Securities must be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
2.
Who are the Issuers and the Guarantors under this Programme? 
The Issue Terms will specify whether the Issuer of your Securities is JPMorgan Chase Financial 
Company LLC, J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC are 
guaranteed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Securities issued by J.P. Morgan Structured Products 
B.V. are guaranteed by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. will not be guaranteed. 
(a)
Who is JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC? 
JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC or JPMCFC is an indirect, wholly-owned finance 
subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase & Co. created for the purpose of issuing securities designed to 
meet investor needs for products that reflect certain risk-return profiles and specific market 
exposure. 
(b)
Who is J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V.? 
J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. or JPMSP is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., which is in turn one of the principal bank subsidiaries of 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMSP's business principally consists of the issuance of securitised 
derivatives comprising notes, warrants and certificates, including equity-linked, reverse 
convertible and market participation notes and the subsequent hedging of those risk positions. 
JPMSP is described in the JPMSP Registration Document. 
(c)
Who is JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.? 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. was initially organised as a New York banking corporation on 26 
November 1968, and converted into a national banking association on 13 November 2004. 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. operates under the U.S. National Banking Act. JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. is a wholly-owned bank subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. either directly or through overseas branches and subsidiaries, representative offices 
and subsidiary foreign banks offers a wide range of banking services to its U.S. and non-U.S. 
customers. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., is described in the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Registration Document.

--- Page 112 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
99 
(d)
Who is JPMorgan Chase & Co.? 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a financial holding company and was incorporated under Delaware 
law on 28 October 1968 with file number 0691011. JPMorgan Chase & Co. operates under the 
Delaware General Corporation Law. JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a leading global financial 
services firm and one of the largest banking institutions in the United States, with operations 
worldwide. JPMorgan Chase & Co. is described in the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Registration 
Document. 
3.
What type of Securities can be issued under this Programme? 
Under this Programme, each of the Issuers may issue warrants, certificates and notes, which 
together are known as "Securities". Securities may have any maturity, save that any Securities 
issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. will not have a maturity of less than one year from the date 
of their issue. Securities may be listed and traded on a regulated market, or not listed or traded. 
Notes may or may not be rated. Notes may be non-interest bearing or bear fixed or floating rate 
interest or bear interest that may be linked to the performance of one or more Reference Assets. 
Certificates and Warrants will be non-interest bearing but Certificates may pay fixed or floating 
rate coupons or other amounts that may in each case be linked to the performance of one or 
more Reference Assets. Upon maturity of the Security you may receive a cash amount or 
delivery of the Reference Asset. 
Securities may be cleared through the international clearing systems, or may be cleared through 
a domestic clearing system. Danish Notes, Finnish Securities, Norwegian Securities, Swedish 
Securities and Swiss Securities are Securities cleared through the domestic clearing system in 
Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland, respectively. CREST CDI Securities will 
be deposited with a common depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and will 
be accepted for settlement in CREST via the CDI mechanism. German Securities may be cleared 
through the German domestic clearing system or Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, will 
be governed by German law and are intended to be placed with investors in Germany and/or 
Austria. French Securities are Securities inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as 
central securities depositary), cleared through Euroclear France or Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and will be governed by French law. New York Law Notes will be governed by 
the laws of the State of New York. All other Securities will be governed by English law. 
4.
What are the Reference Assets to which Securities may be linked? 
The interest and/or repayment/delivery terms of the Securities issued under this Programme may 
be linked to a number of different Reference Assets ("Reference Assets"), which may include: 

a share or a depositary receipt; 

a share index; 

an exchange traded fund (ETF); 

a mutual fund;  

a commodity; 

a commodity index; 

a foreign exchange rate; 

an interest rate or swap rate or any other rate; 

the credit risk of a reference entity; or 

a basket of the above. 
5.
Will the issue price of a Security reflect its market value on or after the issue date? 
As at the Issue Date, the Issue Price of the Securities will likely be more than the market value 
of such Securities, and more than the price, if any, at which the Dealer or any other person would 
be willing to purchase the Securities in secondary market transactions. In particular, (a) where 
permitted by applicable law, the Issue Price may take into account amounts with respect to 
commissions relating to the issue and sale of the Securities and (b) amounts relating to the 
hedging of the Issuer's obligations under such Securities, including the profits JPMorgan Chase 
expects to realise in consideration for assuming the risks inherent in providing such hedge. In 
addition, any secondary market prices of the Securities will likely be lower than the original

--- Page 113 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
100 
issue price of the Securities because, among other things, secondary market prices take into 
account the secondary market credit spreads of the Issuer (and, if applicable, the relevant 
Guarantor). See Risk Factor 2 "Risks related to the valuation, liquidity and offering of the 
Securities" above. 
6.
Are the market value and interest and amounts payable or deliverable in respect of your 
Securities subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and the relevant Guarantor (if 
applicable)? 
Yes. You will be exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable), and 
you will have no recourse to the Reference Asset(s) (see Commonly Asked Question 9 (If your 
Securities are linked to a Reference Asset, will you have recourse to that asset if the Issuer and 
the Guarantor (if applicable) defaults?) below). The market value of the Securities will not only 
be affected by the value of the Reference Asset(s), but will also depend in part on the credit 
ratings of the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor (if applicable), together with various 
other factors (Risk Factor 2.3 "Prior to their scheduled redemption, the value of the Securities 
will be influenced by many factors and cannot be predicted" above).  
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. are each rated by Standard & Poor's 
Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., Moody's Investors Service, 
Inc. and Fitch, Inc., none of which is a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under the CRA Regulation. The creditworthiness of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
is more likely to affect the market value of Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
and Securities issued by JPMSP which are guaranteed by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The 
creditworthiness of JPMorgan Chase & Co. is more likely to affect the market value of 
Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Securities issued by JPMCFC which are 
guaranteed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Further information regarding JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s credit ratings can be obtained from their website 
(www.jpmorganchase.com/corporate/investor-relations/fixed-income.htm). 
7.
Will you be able to sell your Securities? 
The relevant Issue Terms will specify whether your Securities will be listed and traded on any 
securities exchange or not listed or traded. There may be little or no secondary market for the 
Securities. Even if there is a secondary market for the Securities, it may not provide enough 
liquidity to allow you to trade or sell the Securities easily. 
JPMorgan Chase may act as a market maker for the Securities, but is not required to do so 
(subject to the rules of any applicable securities exchange). As other market makers may not 
participate significantly in the secondary market for the Securities, the price at which you may 
be able to trade your Securities is likely to depend on the price, if any, at which the JPMorgan 
Chase is willing to buy the Securities. If at any time the Dealer or another agent does not act as 
a market maker, it is likely that there would be little or no secondary market for the Securities. 
If the JPMorgan Chase does make a market for the Securities, it may cease to do so at any time 
without notice (subject to the rules of any applicable securities exchange).  
Securities are also subject to selling restrictions and purchaser representations and requirements 
and transfer restrictions that may limit your ability to resell or transfer them. 
8.
What will be the price of your Securities if you are able to sell them? 
If it is possible to sell your Securities, they would be sold for the prevailing bid price in the 
market. The prevailing bid price may be affected by several factors including the performance 
of the Reference Asset, prevailing interest rates at the time of sale, the time remaining until the 
stated repayment date, transaction costs and the perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (if applicable). It is therefore possible that if you sell your Securities in the secondary 
market you may receive a price which is lower than your initial investment. See also Commonly 
Asked Question 5 (Will the issue price of a Security reflect its market value on or after the issue 
date?) above.

--- Page 114 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
101 
9.
If your Securities are linked to a Reference Asset, will you have recourse to that asset if 
the Issuer and the relevant Guarantor (if applicable) defaults? 
No. The Securities are linked to the performance of the Reference Asset, but there is no 
obligation on the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) to hold the Reference Asset. Even if the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) does hold the Reference Asset, it will not be segregated 
from the other assets of the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor (if applicable) or held for the benefit 
of the Holders of Securities.  
10.
How much of your investment is at risk? 
For all Securities, your investment may be at risk as you may receive an amount less than your 
original investment on the maturity date and may even lose your entire investment. In such 
circumstances, the value of the Securities can fluctuate and there is no guarantee that the value 
of the Securities will increase or that they will retain their value. The higher the potential return 
of your Securities, the greater the risk of loss attached to those Securities will be. You will 
always be exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable). 
See "Risk Factors" above for more detailed information about the risks relating to the loss of 
any invested amounts. 
11.
Who is the "Holder" of the Securities? 
In respect of Securities (other than German Securities, and French Securities, and Swiss 
Securities which constitute Intermediated Securities (as defined below)), the legal "Holder" of 
the Securities who is entitled to take action with respect to the Securities will for most purposes 
be the entity which appears in the records of the clearing system through which the Securities 
are held. Such entity (known as a custodian) may be your selling agent or another entity. 
If you need to take any action with respect to your Securities (unless your Securities are German 
Securities or French Securities, or Swiss Securities which constitute Intermediated Securities), 
you must instruct the custodian who holds the Securities on your behalf to take such action (or 
procure that such action is taken) on your behalf. 
In respect of German Securities, the end investor is the legal holder of such Securities. As such 
you are therefore entitled to take any action with respect to any German Securities you hold 
yourself. 
In respect of French Securities, the "Holder" is the person whose name appears in the account 
of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder or the Issuer or the French Registration Agent 
(as the case may be) as being entitled to such French Securities. Such person is entitled to take 
any action with respect to the relevant French Securities except, in respect of Holders of French 
Notes, if such right is deferred to the "Masse" for the defence of the common interest of the 
Holders. 
As a matter of Swiss law, Swiss Securities which are either represented by a Global Security in 
registered form deposited with SIX SIS or issued in uncertificated form and entered into the 
main register (Hauptregister) of SIX SIS as custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) and have been 
entered into the securities accounts of one or more participants of SIX SIS, constitute 
intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Intermediated 
Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) ("Intermediated Securities"), and, consequently, the 
holder of such Swiss Securities will be deemed to be each person holding any such Swiss 
Security in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in such person's name or, in the case of 
intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), each intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) holding any such 
Swiss Security for its own account in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in such 
intermediary's name (and the expression "Holder" as used herein shall be construed 
accordingly). 
12.
What rights do Holders have against an Issuer? 
Securities issued under this Programme will constitute direct, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank equally among themselves and with all other

--- Page 115 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
102 
direct unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of such Issuer, except for certain obligations 
that enjoy preferences or priorities. 
A Holder's rights may include the right to have the principal amount of Securities repaid by such 
Issuer at maturity, the right to receive interest based on the principal amount of such Securities 
or otherwise, the right to receive a cash amount from the relevant Issuer calculated in accordance 
with the relevant Issue Terms or the right to receive delivery of a specified asset or assets against 
payment of a specified sum, all as more particularly described in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Upon insolvency of the Issuer, Holders of the Securities will generally be paid at the same time 
as Holders of other unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will be paid after preferred 
obligations (for example, secured creditors). In respect of Securities issued by JPMSP, if JPMSP 
is unable to repay amounts due to Holders, each Holder will be treated equally with all other 
Holders who own unsecured Securities issued by JPMSP, but will be entitled to claim for any 
shortfalls in amounts owed but unpaid by JPMSP against the JPMSP Guarantor. In respect of 
Securities issued by JPMCFC, if for any reason JPMCFC does not make any required payment 
in respect of the Securities when due, the JPMCFC Guarantor will on demand pay the unpaid 
amount at the same place and in the same manner that applies to payments made by JPMCFC 
under the General Conditions. You will not have any recourse to any Reference Assets. 
See also Risk Factor 1.2 "Status of the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee and of Securities 
issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A." and Risk Factor 1.3 "Status of the JPMorgan Chase & 
Co. Guarantee and of Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co." 
above. 
13.
What do you have to do to exercise your rights in respect of your Securities? 
In respect of Securities other than German Securities, your rights relating to the Securities are 
governed by the procedures of the relevant clearing systems. As only the legal Holders of the 
Securities can exercise any right to early repayment of the Securities, if you wish any such right 
to early repayment to be exercised on your behalf, you must contact the custodian through which 
you hold your interest for details of how to give notice. You should ensure proper and timely 
instructions are given to your custodian requesting that it notify the Holder to exercise the 
repayment right on your behalf. 
In respect of German Securities, you may exercise your rights directly in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of your Securities. However, you will generally be required to instruct 
your custodian to transfer your Securities to the Relevant Programme Agent in order to do so. 
14.
How can you enforce your rights against an Issuer if the Issuer has failed to make a 
payment of principal on the Securities? 
The Issuer has executed a deed of covenant in respect of Securities which are governed by 
English law, pursuant to which it covenants in favour of the Holders of Securities to comply 
with its obligations set out in the General Conditions and Reference Asset Linked Conditions. 
Holders of Securities are granted direct rights against the Issuer, including without limitation, 
the right to receive all payments, and are able to enforce such direct rights. This means that even 
if the legal "Holder" of the Securities is a depository on behalf of a clearing system, the 
accountholders in the clearing system will still be able to make a direct claim against the Issuer 
without having to rely on the depository doing so on their behalf. For the avoidance of doubt, 
each purchaser and subsequent Holder of New York Law Notes shall not have the benefit of the 
deed of covenant, and the deed of covenant shall not apply in respect of such Notes (including 
following an Event of Default). 
In respect of German Securities, you may enforce your rights under the Securities directly 
against the Issuer. You may not rely on your custodian or any other person to make any claims 
on your behalf. 
In respect of French Securities, you may enforce your rights under the Securities directly against 
the Issuer (including through the Representative, if any). You may not rely on your custodian 
or any other person to make any claims on your behalf.

--- Page 116 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
103 
15.
How are payments made to you? 
The Issuer will make payments of interest and principal or other amounts by paying the total 
amount payable to the clearing system(s), who will credit the appropriate amount to the account 
of each accountholder in such clearing system which holds the Securities (which may include 
your custodian), in each case, in accordance with the rules and policies of the clearing system(s). 
You must look to your custodian for payments on your Securities. The Issuer has no obligation 
to make payments directly to end investors. 
If a date specified for payment is not a business day, then the Issuer will make the relevant 
payment on the first following day that is a business day. On these occasions, the payment will 
be treated as if it were made on the original specified date for payment and will not be considered 
to be a late payment. Accordingly, the Issuer will not pay any additional interest amount for the 
postponement.  
16.
What if the Securities are not held through a clearing system?  
For Securities not held through a clearing system, the "Holder" will be the investor shown on 
the register in the case of Securities other than German Securities or, in the case of German 
Securities, the investor evidencing its holding of the Security to the satisfaction of the relevant 
Issuer. To receive payment under the terms of the Security you will need to contact the registrar 
(in the case of Securities other than German Securities) or the Relevant Programme Agent (for 
German Securities) and present evidence of your holding of the Security. The Issuer will not 
make payments to you directly but will do so through the Relevant Programme Agents.  
17.
How are Reference Assets delivered to you? 
If the terms of the Securities specify that a Reference Asset will be delivered to you on any date 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, you may be required to complete a reference asset transfer 
notice (the form of which can be obtained from the Relevant Programme Agent) and deliver it 
to the Relevant Programme Agent. If so required, upon receipt of a completed reference asset 
transfer notice, the Issuer will procure the delivery of the Reference Asset which if practicable, 
will be made through the clearing systems or in such other commercially reasonable manner as 
the Issuer shall determine to be appropriate for such delivery and shall notify you in accordance 
with the General Conditions. The reference asset transfer notice will contain, amongst other 
things, certain representations in respect of the delivery of shares of a company (which are also 
set out in the section entitled "Purchaser representations and requirements and transfer 
restrictions" - "Representations relating to Securities that may be settled by Physical Settlement 
of Shares" of this Base Prospectus and which are deemed to have been made), a certification of 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. If the reference asset transfer notice fails to set out the relevant 
representations or contain such a certification, the Issuer may deliver a cash amount which the 
Calculation Agent estimates to be the fair market value of the deliverable assets in lieu of the 
assets themselves. No reference asset transfer notice is required for Swiss Securities or for 
German Securities, save in the case of German Securities, where the relevant Issue Terms 
specify the reference asset transfer notice to be applicable. 
If the Issuer is unable to deliver the Reference Assets as a result of market disruption, it will 
deliver the deliverable assets on the day on which such disruption has ceased, and will not have 
any obligation to pay interest or other amounts to Holders to compensate them for the delay. 
The Issuer has a right, in its discretion, to settle any obligation to deliver Reference Assets where 
settlement has been disrupted by payment of a cash amount which the Calculation Agent 
estimates to be the fair market value of such Reference Assets.  
18.
When are payments made to investors? 
Each type of Security will have a different repayment date or settlement date. Securities that 
bear interest (whether accrued at a fixed or floating rate or calculated by reference to a Reference 
Asset) will also have interest payment dates.  
19.
Who calculates the amounts payable to you?

--- Page 117 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
104 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, J.P. Morgan 
Securities LLC or J.P. Morgan SE will act as the Calculation Agent in respect of Securities, and 
in such capacity, will determine the performance levels of the Reference Asset(s) on specified 
valuation dates and will determine any interest amounts and the redemption amounts and/or 
physical settlement amounts payable or deliverable by the Issuer in respect of such Securities. 
In the event that a disruption event has occurred in respect of a Reference Asset on a specified 
valuation date which renders it impossible for the Calculation Agent to make a determination 
on such date, the valuation may be postponed to an alternative date in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of the Securities.  
In the event that the performance of an Issuer's obligations under the Securities shall have 
become unlawful in whole or in part as a result of compliance in good faith by such Issuer with 
any applicable present or future applicable law or regulation, which results in the early 
redemption or termination of the Securities, the Early Payment Amount payable in respect of 
the Securities will be determined by the Calculation Agent.  
See also "Overview of the potential for discretionary determinations by the Calculation Agent 
and the Issuer" below, Risk Factor 5.1 "The Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as 
applicable) prior to their scheduled maturity for various unforeseen reasons, and in such case 
you may receive back less than your original investment and you may not be able to reinvest the 
proceeds in an equivalent investment" above and Commonly Asked Question 25 (How is the 
Early Payment Amount calculated?). 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Payment Disruption Event, Market Disruption Event, 
Potential Adjustment Event, Extraordinary Event, Additional Disruption Event, Index 
Adjustment Event, Change in Law, Fund Event, Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event, In-kind 
Redemption Proceeds Event, FX Disruption Event or Settlement Disruption Event and any other 
applicable event has occurred, any consequential postponement of, or any alternative provisions 
for, valuation or the obligation to pay provided in the terms and conditions of any Securities 
and/or early redemption or termination of the Securities and/or substitution or replacement of 
the Reference Asset may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities. See also Risk 
Factor 7.1 "JPMorgan Chase as Issuer and Calculation Agent has authority to make 
discretionary determinations under the Securities" above. 
20.
What is a "Payment Disruption Event" and what are its consequences? 
A "Payment Disruption Event" is an event which (a) prevents, restricts or delays the Issuer from 
converting or delivering relevant currencies, (b) imposes capital or exchange controls, (c) 
implements changes to laws relating to foreign investments, or (d) otherwise prohibits or 
prevents the Issuer from making a payment or performing an obligation required of it as a result 
of war, catastrophe, governmental action or other event beyond its control. Where the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Payment Disruption Event has occurred or is likely to occur, 
then the next payment or settlement or exercise date (as applicable) under the Securities may be 
postponed to a date falling 14 calendar days after the date on which the Payment Disruption 
Event is no longer occurring. Partial payments may be paid during such period (after deduction 
for any expenses). No interest shall accrue and no Event of Default will result on account of 
such postponement. In the event that a Payment Disruption Event is still continuing on the date 
which is one year after the last scheduled payment date for the Securities, then the Issuer shall, 
by giving notice to Holders in accordance with General Condition 26 (Notices), make payment 
(in whole or in part) of the relevant amount in an equivalent amount in U.S. Dollars, and the 
Issuer shall have no further obligations whatsoever under the Securities.  
21.
Are the Calculation Agent's determinations binding on you? 
All calculations, determinations or adjustments made by the Calculation Agent shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on the Holders of the Securities. The 
Calculation Agent has discretion to make changes to the terms of your Securities if any of the 
events described in the section headed "Overview of the Potential for Discretionary 
Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer" occur.

--- Page 118 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
105 
However, the Calculation Agent is not required to consult with Holders before making any 
determinations, and it is expected that it will not do so. In making its determinations, the 
Calculation Agent will take into account relevant market factors including, but not limited to, 
interest rates, the term structure of interest rates, spot foreign exchange rates and any other 
factors which the Calculation Agent may deem relevant. The Calculation Agent is an agent of 
the Issuer and not of the Holders of Securities. You should also be aware that the Calculation 
Agent is likely to be J.P. Morgan Securities plc, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC or J.P. Morgan SE 
which are each affiliates of the Issuer. See "Conflicts of Interest" above. 
22.
Are there any fees, expenses or taxes to pay when purchasing, holding or selling Securities? 
You may incur fees and expenses in relation to the purchase, holding, transfer and sale of 
Securities. You should always be aware that stamp duties, financial transaction taxes other taxes 
may have to be paid in accordance with the current or future laws and practices of any relevant 
country (potentially including countries where the Securities are issued or transferred or where 
a counterparty is resident). You should consult your selling agent for details of fees, expenses, 
commissions or other costs payable to your selling agent, and your own tax advisors in order to 
understand fully the tax implications specific to investment in any Security.  
23.
Under what circumstances may the Securities be redeemed or terminated before their 
stated maturity? 
The Issuer has the right in certain circumstances to redeem or terminate the Securities earlier 
than the specified maturity or settlement date and repay the Holder an 'Early Payment Amount' 
(as described below). There are also other circumstances in which the Securities may be 
redeemed or terminated early. These reasons may include: 

the occurrence of a mandatory early redemption event (e.g., the price or level of the 
Reference Asset rises above or falls below a pre-determined barrier level), if specified in 
the terms and conditions of the Securities; 

the exercise by the Issuer of a call option, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms (as to which, see Risk Factor 3.4 "There are risks where the Securities 
include an Issuer call option" above); 

the exercise by the Holder of a put option, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 

the occurrence of certain events outside of the control of the Issuer or other circumstances 
in relation to a Reference Asset at the discretion of the Calculation Agent (see the 
Reference Asset Linked Conditions) or in relation to the floating rate of interest or 
coupon rate; 

the Issuer determines that its performance under any Security has become unlawful in 
whole or in part for any reason (see General Condition 16 (Early Redemption or 
Termination for Illegality)); 

in certain circumstances where the relevant Issuer determines that it will become subject 
to withholding tax on payments made to it as a result of Holders failing to provide 
information required by FATCA, there is a substantial likelihood that it will violate any 
requirement of, or an agreement entered into with a taxing authority with respect to, 
FATCA or there is a substantial likelihood that a series of Securities will be treated, for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, as being in bearer form (see General Condition 18.3 
(Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation - FATCA)); 

except in the case of Belgian Securities, the occurrence of certain taxation events with 
respect to the Securities or (if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) with 
respect to the Issuer's (or its affiliates') underlying hedging transactions (see General 
Condition 18.4 (Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation – Additional 
Amounts/Underlying Hedge Transactions));

--- Page 119 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
106 

following an Event of Default (see General Condition 15 (Events of Default));  

except in the case of Belgian Securities, following the occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Hedge Disruption Event (see General Condition 17 (Extraordinary Hedge Disruption 
Event) and Commonly Asked Question 41 (What is an "Extraordinary Hedge Disruption 
Event" and what are its consequences?")); or 

if (i) it would be unlawful or contradictory to any applicable licensing requirements for 
the Calculation Agent to determine the level or other value of a "benchmark" Reference 
Asset or make any other determination in respect of the Securities which it would 
otherwise be obliged to do so pursuant to the Conditions, or (ii) if the applicable 
benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such authorisation 
or registration or, if a non-EU entity, "equivalence" is not available and it is not 
recognised, then the Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity. See Risk Factor 4.3 
"Risks associated with benchmark reform". 
The Early Payment Amount may be less than the original purchase price of the Securities. 
See Risk Factor 5.1 "The Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior to 
their scheduled maturity for various unforeseen reasons, and in such case you may receive back 
less than your original investment and you may not be able to reinvest the proceeds in an 
equivalent investment" above and Commonly Asked Question 25 (How is the Early Payment 
Amount calculated?) below. 
For some Securities, the Issuer's right to repay the Securities can be exercised at any time or the 
Issuer may repay the Securities on the occurrence of a specified trigger event. 
24.
Are there any other circumstances in which your Securities may become repayable prior 
to maturity? 
In respect of Securities issued by JPMSP, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & 
Co., you will have the right to require the Issuer to redeem the Securities if an event of default 
has occurred and is continuing, subject to the event of default continuing over a certain 
minimum number of days and the other requirements of General Condition 15 (Events of 
Default). 
In respect of Securities issued by JPMCFC, you will have the right to require the Issuer to 
redeem the Securities if an event of default (other than the insolvency of JPMCFC) has occurred 
and is continuing, provided that the Holders of not less than 25 per cent. of (i) (in the case of 
Notes) the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes of the relevant Series and (ii) 
(in the case of Certificates) the total number of the outstanding Certificates of the relevant 
Series, in each case give written notice to the Issuer thereof, and subject to the conditions and 
requirements of General Condition 15 (Events of Default). However, the Securities will be 
redeemed automatically, and without any declaration or other action by you, in the event of the 
insolvency of JPMCFC. 
25.
How is the Early Payment Amount calculated?  
Where the Securities are not Belgian Securities  
(a)
The Early Payment Amount is determined on the second Business Day immediately preceding 
the due date for the early redemption or settlement of the Securities. Save where (i) "Early 
Payment Amount 3" is applicable or (ii) the Securities are New York Law Notes and the Early 
Payment Amount is payable following an Event of Default or (iii) the terms of the Securities or 
the relevant Issue Terms otherwise provide, the Early Payment Amount represents the fair 
market value of such Securities, determined using JPMorgan Chase's internal models and 
methodologies by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent may consider to be 
appropriate including, without limitation: 
(i)
if the early redemption results from an event which will cause the Issuer's obligations 
under the Securities to be or to become illegal:

--- Page 120 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
107 

market prices or values for the underlying(s) and other relevant economic 
variables (such as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant 
time taking into account the bid or offer prices of the underlying(s) (as relevant); 

the remaining term of the Securities had they remained outstanding to scheduled 
maturity or expiry and/or any scheduled early redemption; 

the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption or cancellation amount 
which would have been payable had the Securities remained outstanding to 
scheduled maturity or expiry and/or any scheduled early redemption or exercise 
date; 

if applicable, accrued interest; 

internal pricing models; 

prices at which other market participants might bid for securities similar to the 
Securities; and 

any other information which the Calculation Agent considers to be relevant (but 
ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption). 
(ii)
if the early redemption results from: 
(A)
external events which affect the Issuer's hedging arrangements (such as Change 
in law, Change in law-Increased Cost, Hedging Disruption, Insolvency Filing or 
Commodity Hedging Disruption Event (in each case, where applicable in respect 
of the relevant Securities));  
(B)
an event which will cause the Issuer's obligations under its hedging arrangements 
related to the Securities to be or to become illegal (such as an Extraordinary 
Hedge Sanctions Event, Extraordinary Hedge Bail-In Event and Extraordinary 
Hedge Currency Disruption Event (in each case, if specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms); or 
(C)
external events which affect the Reference Asset(s) (such as Potential Adjustment 
Events, Extraordinary Events, Successor Index Event (ETF), Successor to a 
Commodity Reference Price, Successor Index Sponsor or Successor Index, Index 
Adjustment Events or Commodity Index Adjustment Events, Successor 
Currency, Rebasing of Securities, Fund Events and Unpaid Redemption Proceeds 
Event, In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event, Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
and/or Administrator/Benchmark Event): 

market prices or values for the underlying(s) and other relevant economic 
variables (such as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the 
relevant time taking into account the bid or offer prices of the 
underlying(s) (as relevant); 

the remaining term of the Securities had they remained outstanding to 
scheduled maturity or expiry and/or any scheduled early redemption; 

the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption or cancellation 
amount which would have been payable had the Securities remained 
outstanding to scheduled maturity or expiry and/or any scheduled early 
redemption or exercise date; 

if applicable, accrued interest; 

internal pricing models;

--- Page 121 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
108 

prices at which other market participants might bid for securities similar 
to the Securities; and 

any other information which the Calculation Agent considers to be 
relevant. 
(b)
Further, if the relevant Issue Terms specify the Early Payment Amount as "Early Payment 
Amount 2", the amount determined in accordance with paragraph 25(a) above may be adjusted 
to account for all costs incurred by the Issuer and/or its affiliates in connection with the early 
redemption, including any costs of unwinding any funding relating to the Securities or related 
underlying hedge transactions, and all other related expenses. 
(c)
If early redemption results from an Event of Default (as defined in General Condition 15.1 
(Occurrence of Event of Default)), the Early Payment Amount due and payable in respect of 
such Security shall be, in respect of: 
(i)
each Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount (as defined in General Condition 
31.1 (Definitions)) and that is not a Zero Coupon Note, a Linear Zero Coupon Note or a 
New York Law Note, the greater of (I) the Minimum Redemption Amount and (II) Early 
Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2 or Early Payment Amount 3, as specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms calculated in respect of the Acceleration Date 
(as defined in General Condition 15.2 (Consequences of an Event of Default)), provided 
that the Calculation Agent shall disregard any change in the credit worthiness of the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Guarantor (if applicable) since the Issue Date of the 
Securities in its determination of such amount; 
(ii)
each Security that is a New York Law Note and that is not a Zero Coupon Note or a 
Linear Zero Coupon Note (irrespective of whether such Security has a Minimum 
Redemption Amount), Early Payment Amount 3(as defined in General Condition 31.1 
(Definitions)); 
(iii)
each Security that is not a Zero Coupon Note, a Linear Zero Coupon Note, a New York 
Law Note or a Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount, Early Payment 
Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2 or Early Payment Amount 3, as specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms calculated in respect of the Acceleration Date 
provided that the Calculation Agent shall disregard any change in the credit worthiness 
of the relevant Issuer and the relevant Guarantor (if applicable) since the Issue Date of 
the Securities in its determination of such amount; 
(iv)
each Security that is a Zero Coupon Note (irrespective of whether such Security is a New 
York Law Note or a Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount), the Amortised 
Face Amount in respect of the Acceleration Date as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with General Condition 5.4 (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes); 
and 
(v)
each Security that is a Linear Zero Coupon Note (irrespective of whether such Security 
is a New York Law Note or a Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount), Early 
Payment Amount 3 plus Unpaid Implied Yield, as specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
(d)
If the relevant Issue Terms specifies the Early Payment Amount as "Early Payment Amount 3" 
or the Securities are New York Law Notes and the Early Payment Amount is payable following 
an Event of Default, the Early Payment Amount shall be the outstanding nominal amount of the 
relevant Security, including, if applicable, any accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption or settlement of the Securities, provided that where the relevant Issue Terms specify 
the Early Payment Amount as "Early Payment Amount 3 plus Unpaid Implied Yield", the Early 
Payment Amount shall be the amount as determined in sub-paragraph (c)(v) immediately above. 
(e)
If the relevant Issue Terms specifies that Early Payment Amount is determined in accordance 
with General Condition 5.4 (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes), the Early Payment

--- Page 122 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
109 
Amount shall be equal to the scheduled Final Redemption Amount discounted at a rate per 
annum equal to the Amortisation Yield (compounded annually). 
Where the Securities are Belgian Securities 
(a)
If early redemption results from an Event of Default (as defined in General Condition 15.1 
(Occurrence of Event of Default)), the Early Payment Amount due and payable in respect of 
such Security shall be, in respect of: 
(i)
each Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount (as defined in General Condition 
31.1 (Definitions)), the greater of (I) the Minimum Redemption Amount and (II) the Fair 
Market Value calculated in respect of the Acceleration Date (as defined in General 
Condition 15.2 (Consequences of an Event of Default)), provided that the Calculation 
Agent shall disregard any change in the credit worthiness of the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Guarantor (if applicable) since the Issue Date of the Securities in its 
determination of such amount; and 
(ii)
each Security that does not have a Minimum Redemption Amount, the Fair Market Value 
calculated in respect of the Acceleration Date provided that the Calculation Agent shall 
disregard any change in the credit worthiness of the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Guarantor (if applicable) since the Issue Date of the Securities in its determination of 
such amount. 
(b)
If early redemption results from a Termination Event (as defined in General Condition 16 (Early 
Redemption or Termination for Illegality)), the Early Payment Amount due and payable in 
respect of such Security shall be, in respect of: 
(i)
a Termination Event (Impossible Performance), the Fair Market Value; and 
(ii)
a Termination Event (Possible Performance), and: 
(A)
each Security that does not have a Minimum Redemption Amount, the Fair 
Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement; and 
(B)
each Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount, then the Issuer shall 
determine whether to redeem the Securities through either (A) payment of the 
Best of Amount or (B) application of the Monetisation with Holder Put Option, 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
26.
Can the Issuer amend the conditions of Securities once they have been issued without your 
consent? 
Yes, under certain circumstances described below. 
The terms and conditions of Securities other than French Securities and German Securities may 
be amended by the Issuer with the approval of the Calculation Agent but without the consent of 
the Holders (subject as provided above) if the amendment:  

is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or  

is made to cure a manifest or proven error; or  

is made to cure any ambiguity, or is made to correct or supplement any defective 
provisions of the Securities; or  

is made to correct an error or omission such that, in the absence of such correction, the 
terms of the Securities would not otherwise represent the intended terms of the Securities 
on which the Securities were sold and have since traded; or  

will not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Holders.

--- Page 123 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
110 
In addition, other changes may be made to the terms and conditions with the consent of the 
Holders of the Securities (other than French Securities and German Securities). In order to make 
such changes, the Issuer requires the consent of up to 75 per cent. of Holders. If the amendment 
is approved, any dissenting Holders will be bound by such changes. Therefore the Issuer may 
be able to make a change which you have voted against if up to 75 per cent. or more of Holders 
have approved the change.  
French Notes may only be amended following consent of two-thirds of Holders and French 
Securities other than French Notes may only be amended following consent of a majority of 
Holders, in each case at a meeting of Holders or a written decision of Holders. 
In respect of French Notes which have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or 
its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or which can be traded in amounts 
of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), the 
Issuer may amend the Conditions of the Securities without the consent of the Holders to correct 
a manifest error. 
In the case of German Securities, the terms and conditions of the Securities may be amended by 
the Issuer without the consent of the Holders, if the amendment is to correct any manifest clerical 
or calculation errors or similar manifest incorrectness. In addition, the Issuer, may without the 
consent of the Holders, amend or supplement at its reasonable discretion any contradictory or 
incomplete provisions of the terms and conditions of the Securities, provided that such 
amendments are reasonably acceptable to the Holder. See General Condition 23.1(b) 
(Modification of German Securities without Holder consent). 
Furthermore, the Holders may agree to amendments to the terms and conditions of the Securities 
with regard to matters permitted by the German Bond Act of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) 
by resolution with the majority specified in General Condition 23.1(e)(ii) proposed by the Issuer. 
Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. See General Condition 23.1(e) 
(Modification of German Securities with Holder consent). 
In all other cases, the terms and conditions of German Securities can only be amended with the 
consent of all of the Holders of such Securities. 
Following the occurrence of certain events, the Calculation Agent, on behalf of the Issuer, may 
be entitled to amend the terms and conditions of Securities without requiring the consent of the 
Holders of such Securities. Typically, such events will have affected the composition, or 
calculation, of the Reference Asset(s) to such an extent that the Calculation Agent could not 
make any adjustment to account for the economic effect on the Securities without amending the 
terms and conditions of the Securities. See Commonly Asked Question 27 (What are Share 
Linked Securities?), Commonly Asked Question 29 (What are Index Linked Securities?), 
Commonly Asked Question 31 (What are Commodity Linked Securities?), Commonly Asked 
Question 33 (What are the FX Linked Securities?), Commonly Asked Question 35 (What are 
Credit Linked Securities?) and Commonly Asked Question 39 (What are Rate Linked 
Securities?) below. 
27.
What are Share Linked Securities? 
Amounts payable or assets deliverable in respect of some Securities, as indicated in the relevant 
Issue Terms, will be calculated by reference to the performance of a share or a basket of shares 
(or one or more global depositary receipts or shares of exchange traded funds) over a fixed 
period of time or on fixed dates. Such Securities are known as Share Linked Securities. The 
shares of companies or exchange traded funds that are referenced by such Securities are likely 
to be traded on a stock exchange and the prices of such shares may be published on recognised 
information services, for example, Bloomberg or Reuters screens or on the website of the share 
issuer or exchange traded fund, in which case you will be able to monitor the relevant share 
prices during the life of the Share Linked Securities. 
28.
What are the Share Linked Provisions?

--- Page 124 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
111 
The Share Linked Provisions deal with how the payments related to Share Linked Securities are 
calculated and the consequences following the occurrence of (a) a disruption event which results 
in the Calculation Agent not being able to obtain a tradable price for a share on a day which it 
is required to do so in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Share Linked Securities, 
(b) an adjustment event which has a diluting or concentrative effect on the price of a share, for 
example, a free distribution or dividend to existing holders, (c) an extraordinary event relating 
to a share (including a global depositary receipt or a share of an exchange traded fund), for 
example, a merger event, delisting or insolvency, (d) for a share of an exchange traded fund and 
if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an extraordinary event relating to the share (for example, 
a failure to publish the net asset value for more than a short period and/or which is non-
temporary in nature and has a material effect on the Share Linked Securities, or a permanent 
cancellation or material modification of the index underlying the exchange traded fund) or (e) 
for a share of an exchange traded fund and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, a successor 
index event (ETF), whereby the index underlying the exchange traded fund is either calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor or replaced by a successor index using the same or 
substantially similar calculation formula and method as the index.  
Examples of disruption events include (but are not limited to) (i) a suspension or limitation of 
trading relating to the share, (ii) a disruption or impairment of the ability of market participants 
to effect transactions or obtain values for shares on the exchange on which the shares are listed, 
(iii) a non-scheduled early closure of the exchange, for example as a result of an IT problem or 
(iv) for a share of an exchange traded fund and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, a 
temporary failure to publish the net asset value which has a material effect on the Share Linked 
Securities.  
Adjustment provisions in the Share Linked Provisions allow the Calculation Agent to amend 
the terms and conditions of the Share Linked Securities so that they continue to produce a 
commercially reasonable result. In certain circumstances following the occurrence of such 
events, the Share Linked Securities will be redeemed (see Commonly Asked Question 23 
(Under what circumstances may the Securities be redeemed or terminated before their stated 
maturity?) above). 
29.
What are Index Linked Securities? 
Amounts payable or assets deliverable in respect of some Securities, as indicated in the relevant 
Issue Terms, will be calculated by reference to the performance of an index or a basket of indices 
over a fixed period of time or on fixed dates. Such Securities are known as Index Linked 
Securities.  
A share-based index is a synthetic portfolio of shares representing a particular market or portion 
of it and each such index has its own calculation methodology and is usually expressed in terms 
of a change from a base value.  
There are two types of such share-based indices that are referenced by Index Linked Securities: 
(a) a unitary index, where the underlying shares are deemed to trade on a single stock exchange 
and the level of such index is published on a recognised information service; and (b) a multi-
exchange index, where the underlying shares are deemed to trade on more than one stock 
exchange and the level of such index is published on a recognised information service. 
30.
What are the Index Linked Provisions? 
The Index Linked Provisions deal with how the payments related to Index Linked Securities are 
calculated and the consequences following the occurrence of (a) a disrupted day or a disruption 
event with respect to an index which results in the Calculation Agent not being able to obtain a 
tradable level for an index on a day which it is required to do so in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of the Index Linked Securities or (b) an adjustment event with respect to an 
index.  
A disrupted day has a different meaning for each type of index: (i) in respect of a unitary index, 
a day on which the exchange on which the underlying shares trade and the related exchange (on 
which trading in futures or options contracts related to such index) is scheduled to be open for

--- Page 125 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
112 
trading but fails to open or a day on which a disruption event has occurred and (ii) in respect of 
a multi-exchange index, a day on which the index sponsor fails to publish the index level or the 
related exchange (on which trading in futures or options contracts related to such index) fails to 
open or a day on which a disruption event has occurred.  
Examples of disruption events in respect of a unitary index and a multi-exchange index include 
(but are not limited to) (A) a suspension or limitation of trading relating to the shares that 
comprise 20 per cent. of the index, (B) a disruption or impairment of the ability of market 
participants to effect transactions or obtain tradable values for shares that comprise 20 per cent. 
of the index on the exchanges on which such shares are listed or (C) a non-scheduled early 
closure of the exchanges in respect of shares that comprise 20 per cent. of the index, for example 
as a result of a technology problem. 
Examples of index adjustment events include (but are not limited to) (I) the cancellation and 
non-replacement of an index, (II) the failure to publish the index level, and (III) a non-scheduled 
material modification to the formula for, or calculation of, the index. 
Where the Securities are not Belgian Securities, adjustment provisions in the Index Linked 
Provision allow the Calculation Agent to amend the terms and conditions of the Index Linked 
Securities so that they continue to produce a commercially reasonable result.  
Where the Securities are Belgian Securities, adjustment provisions in the Index Linked 
Provision allow the Calculation Agent to amend the terms and conditions of the Index Linked 
Securities in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner so that they continue to 
produce a commercially reasonable result and in order to preserve the original economic 
rationale and objective of the Securities. 
In certain circumstances following the occurrence of such events, the Index Linked Securities 
will be redeemed (see Commonly Asked Question 23 (Under what circumstances may the 
Securities be redeemed or terminated before their stated maturity?) above). 
31.
What are Commodity Linked Securities? 
Amounts payable or assets deliverable in respect of some Securities, as indicated in the relevant 
Issue Terms, will be calculated by reference to the performance of a commodity, or a basket of 
commodities, a commodity index or a basket of commodity indices over a fixed period of time 
or on fixed dates. Such Securities are known as Commodity Linked Securities. 
Commodities (including contracts that provide for physical settlement or are based on the price 
of a deliverable commodity) and commodity indices are generally divided into four main 
classes: (a) energy, which includes crude oil, gasoline, heating oil and natural gas; (b) 
agricultural produce, which includes corn, soybeans, soybean oil, wheat, sugar, cocoa, cotton 
and coffee; (c) livestock, which includes cattle and lean hogs; and (d) metals, which can be 
subdivided into base metals such as aluminium, copper, nickel, lead and zinc, and precious 
metals such as gold, silver and platinum. 
A commodity index is generally a synthetic production-weighted basket of commodity futures 
contracts that satisfy specified criteria and is designed to be a liquid and diversified benchmark 
for such commodities. Each commodity index has its own composition and calculation 
methodology and is usually expressed in terms of a change from a base value. 
32.
What are the Commodity Linked Provisions? 
The Commodity Linked Provisions deal with how the payments related to Commodity Linked 
Securities are calculated and the consequences following the occurrence of (a) a disruption event 
with respect to a commodity or commodity index which results in the Calculation Agent not 
being able to obtain a price for a commodity or a level for a commodity index on a day which 
it is required to do so in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Commodity Linked 
Securities or (b) an adjustment event with respect to a commodity index. 
Examples of disruption events in respect of commodities include (but are not limited to) (i) the 
disappearance of trading in, or the price of, the commodity, (ii) a material change in the content

--- Page 126 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
113 
or calculation formula of the commodity, (iii) the failure to publish the price of the commodity, 
(iv) the material suspension of or limitation on, trading in the commodity, and (v) the imposition 
of tax on the commodity. 
Examples of disruption events in respect of commodity indices include (but are not limited to) 
(A) a material limitation, suspension or disruption of trading in one or more futures contracts 
included in the commodity index, (B) the closing price of a futures contract included in the 
commodity index exceeds or falls below the exchange's permitted price limits and (C) the failure 
to publish a price of a futures contract included in the commodity index. 
Examples of commodity index adjustment events include (but are not limited to) (I) the 
cancellation and non-replacement of a commodity index, (II) the failure to publish the index 
level and (III) a non-scheduled material modification to the formula for, or calculation of, the 
commodity index. 
Adjustment provisions in the Commodity Linked Provisions allow the Calculation Agent to 
amend the terms and conditions of the Commodity Linked Securities so that they continue to 
produce a commercially reasonable result following the occurrence of commodity index 
adjustment events. In certain circumstances following the occurrence of such events, the 
Commodity Linked Securities will be redeemed (see Commonly Asked Question 23 (Under 
what circumstances may the Securities be redeemed or terminated before their stated maturity?) 
above). 
33.
What are FX Linked Securities? 
Amounts payable in respect of some Securities, as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms, will be 
calculated by reference to the performance of a foreign exchange rate or a basket of foreign 
exchange rates over a fixed period of time or on fixed dates. Such Securities are known as FX 
Linked Securities. Foreign exchange rates indicate the relationship between one specified 
currency and another currency. The values of such foreign exchange rates are published by 
recognised information services or are determined by central banks.  
34.
What are the FX Linked Provisions? 
The relevant Issue Terms may specify that the FX Linked Provisions are applicable where 
payments under the Securities will be made in a currency which is different from the currency 
of the Reference Asset(s) to which the Securities are linked. The terms and conditions of the 
Securities may provide that amounts payable in respect of the Securities will be calculated by 
reference to the value of the foreign exchange rate(s) between the currency of the Reference 
Asset(s) and the currency in which such amounts are payable on a specified date.  
Foreign exchange rates indicate the relationship between one specified currency and another 
currency. The values of such foreign exchange rates are published by recognised information 
services or are determined by central banks. The FX Linked Provisions deal with how values of 
such foreign exchange rates are obtained and/or calculated and the consequences following the 
occurrence of a disruption event with respect to an exchange rate which results in the Calculation 
Agent not being able to obtain an exchange rate on a day which it is required to do so or to 
actually convert one relevant currency into another in accordance with the terms and conditions 
of the Securities.  
Examples of disruption events include (a) the occurrence of an event which means it becomes 
impossible to obtain the exchange rate and (b) the occurrence of an event which affects the 
convertibility of a reference currency into the base currency. 
Adjustment provisions in the FX Linked Provisions allow the Calculation Agent to amend the 
terms and conditions of the Securities so that they continue to produce a commercially 
reasonable result. In certain circumstances following the occurrence of such events, the 
Securities will be redeemed (see Commonly Asked Question 23 (Under what circumstances 
may the Securities be redeemed or terminated before their stated maturity?) above). 
35.
What are Credit Linked Securities?

--- Page 127 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
114 
Credit Linked Securities are Notes in respect of which the amount payable at maturity and the 
amount payable on each interest payment date (if any) are linked to the credit risk of either a 
single corporate or sovereign entity or its successors, or a basket of such entities comprising a 
Credit Index (in each case, each a "Reference Entity"). In exchange for a higher rate of interest 
or other return on the Credit Linked Securities in the absence of a Credit Event in the relevant 
'on-risk period', investors take the risk that the amount which they receive at maturity will be 
less than the face value of the Credit Linked Security and the amount of interest they receive 
may be reduced if the Reference Entity (or, in the case of Credit Linked Securities linked to a 
Credit Index and subject to the terms and conditions of the Securities, one or more Reference 
Entities) has, amongst other similar things, become insolvent or defaulted on its obligations. 
The insolvency or default of a Reference Entity (or, where applicable, other events such as the 
restructuring of debt liabilities, the declaration of a moratorium on payments or the imposition 
by a governmental authority of reductions in debt liabilities) is referred to as a "Credit Event" 
having occurred (see Commonly Asked Question 36(f) (What is a Credit Event?) below). If a 
Credit Event has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity to which your Credit Linked 
Securities are linked, and, as a result, an Event Determination Date under the terms and 
conditions of the Securities occurs in relation to such Reference Entity, you will receive a 
reduced percentage (which may be zero) of the face value of each Credit Linked Security you 
hold calculated by reference to the recovery rate achieved by creditors of the Reference Entity 
and, in respect of Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index, also the weighting of such 
Reference Entity in the Credit Index (or, if "Zero Recovery" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, you will suffer a loss of your entire principal (or, in respect of Credit 
Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index, a proportion of your principal corresponding to the 
weighting of such Reference Entity in the Credit Index)). 
36.
What are the Credit Linked Provisions? 
For the purposes of this Commonly Asked Question 36, terms used but not defined in the Base 
Prospectus shall have the meaning given to them in the applicable Credit Linked Provisions. 
The Credit Linked Provisions deal with how the payments relating to Credit Linked Securities 
are calculated and the consequences following a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity 
(or, in respect of Credit Linked Securities linked a Credit Index, any Reference Entity 
comprising the Credit Index). In purchasing the Securities, you are assuming credit risk 
exposure to such Reference Entity or Reference Entities (as applicable).  
Following the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to any such Reference Entity and 
an Event Determination Date under the terms and conditions of the Securities, you may 
lose some or all of your investment in the Securities.  
The Securities are also subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the 
Guarantor (see Commonly Asked Question 6 (Are the market value and interest and amounts 
payable or deliverable in respect of your Securities subject to the credit risk of the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Guarantor (if applicable)?) above). 
(a)
What is credit risk?  
Credit risk is the risk that a Reference Entity fails to perform its obligations under a transaction 
or in respect of a debt obligation (including loan agreements entered into or guaranteed by the 
Reference Entity and securities issued or guaranteed by the Reference Entity), when those 
obligations are due to be performed. This is generally (but not exclusively) as a result of a 
deterioration in its financial condition.  
By investing in the Securities, you will be a seller of credit protection (and hence a buyer of 
credit risk), whilst the Issuer will be a buyer of credit protection (and therefore a seller of credit 
risk).  
(b)
What is the difference between a Credit Linked Security and a bond issued by a Reference 
Entity?

--- Page 128 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
115 
A Credit Linked Security gives you exposure to the credit risk of a Reference Entity without 
having to own a bond or other type of debt obligation of such Reference Entity. The Reference 
Entity itself is not (or, in the case of Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index, the 
Reference Entities themselves are not), a party to and has no direct involvement in the Credit 
Linked Security and you will not be able to claim against a Reference Entity for any losses you 
suffer as a result of a Credit Event of a Reference Entity. You will have no interest in or rights 
under any obligation of a Reference Entity. An investment in the Securities is not equivalent to 
an investment in the obligations of a Reference Entity. 
The Issuer is not obliged to hold any obligation of a Reference Entity or otherwise have credit 
risk exposure to a Reference Entity.  
In addition to the credit risk of the relevant Reference Entity or Reference Entities, as applicable, 
to which the Securities are linked, you will also be exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer and 
the relevant Guarantor (if applicable), so even if the Reference Entity or Reference Entities, as 
applicable, are performing well, you may still suffer a loss if the Issuer's and/or, if applicable, 
the relevant Guarantor's creditworthiness declines or it goes bankrupt (see Commonly Asked 
Question 6 (Are the market value and interest and amounts payable or deliverable in respect of 
your Securities subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and the relevant Guarantor (if 
applicable)?) above). 
(c)
Do the Securities redeem at par?  
Each Security will redeem at the amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms (which, if 
"Redemption at par" is specified as being applicable, will be at par, and in all other cases, may 
or may not be at par) unless an Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of a Credit 
Event, in which case the payments due on the Security will be as described in Commonly Asked 
Question 36(l) (What are the consequences for the Securities if an Event Determination Date 
occurs?) below. 
(d)
What is the maturity of the Securities? 
Each Security has a scheduled maturity date as stated in the relevant Issue Terms (the 
"Scheduled Maturity Date"). The maturity date of a Security may be extended after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date in certain cases, for example, if a potential credit event has occurred 
before the Scheduled Maturity Date, and a determination of whether such potential credit event 
will become an actual Credit Event has yet to be made. (See Commonly Asked Question 36(r) 
(In what circumstances might the maturity of the Securities be extended?) below). 
(e)
What is ISDA? 
The International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") is a trade organisation of 
participants in the market for over-the-counter derivatives. It is headquartered in New York, and 
is responsible for creating standardised contracts such as the ISDA Master Agreement and the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (the "2014 Definitions") and a wide range of related 
documentation, that are used to enter into derivatives transactions. Definitions, confirmations 
and other documents and information published by ISDA are available on ISDA's website: 
www.isda.org. Certain publications are available free of charge while others are available to 
subscribers of the website only. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, ISDA has more than 1,000 members from 79 countries on 
six continents. These members include a broad range of OTC derivatives market participants: 
global, international and regional banks, asset managers, energy and commodities firms, 
government and supra-national entities, insurers and diversified financial institutions, 
corporations, law firms, exchanges, clearing houses and other service providers. 
(f)
What is a Credit Event? 
A Credit Event is, broadly speaking, an event which is regarded as being indicative of a default 
or material decline in the creditworthiness of a Reference Entity.

--- Page 129 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
116 
Credit Events are determined by reference to certain eligible types of obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity which may be loans, bonds or other obligations issued directly by the 
Reference Entity or obligations in respect of which the Reference Entity acts as guarantor 
("Obligations"). Even where the Issue Terms specify a "Standard Reference Obligation" (being 
the Obligation for the relevant seniority level for the Reference Entity on a list to be published 
by ISDA) or other "Reference Obligation" in respect of a Reference Entity, a Credit Event may 
still be determined with respect to any Obligation of the Reference Entity.  
Note that a Credit Event will occur regardless of whether it occurs due to (for example) the 
relevant Reference Entity not being authorised to incur the relevant obligation, the illegality or 
unenforceability of any obligation, applicable law or regulation or an order of a court or tribunal 
or any exchange controls or capital requirements being imposed. 
The Credit Linked Provisions provide for seven Credit Events which are: 
Bankruptcy 
"Bankruptcy" includes where a Reference Entity: 
(i)
is dissolved (other than where this is as a result of the Reference Entity merging or 
otherwise combining with another entity); 
(ii)
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they become due or admits its inability 
to do so; 
(iii)
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit 
of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or 
composition becomes effective; 
(iv)
institutes, or has instituted against it, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, 
and such proceeding or petition results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or is 
not dismissed within 30 calendar days of such institution; 
(v)
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(vi)
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator or equivalent official 
for it or for all or substantially all of its assets; or 
(vii)
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all of its assets, or such assets 
are subject to attachment by a creditor. 
Failure to Pay 
A "Failure to Pay" will occur where the Reference Entity fails to make, when and where due 
and after the expiration of any applicable time period (a "Grace Period") during which such 
failure may be cured by the Reference Entity (and after the satisfaction of any conditions 
precedent to such Grace Period), any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than a 
specified amount under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such 
Obligations at the time of such failure. The Grace Period, if any, will be as set out in the terms 
of the Obligation; if no such Grace Period is specified, a minimum Grace Period will be assumed 
to apply. 
Restructuring 
"Restructuring" is, generally speaking, a process whereby a company or a sovereign entity 
facing cash flow problems or which is otherwise in financial distress, renegotiates its debts. A 
"Restructuring" will occur for the purposes of the Credit Linked Provisions if:

--- Page 130 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
117 
(i)
any of the following events occurs in relation to a particular Obligation of a Reference 
Entity: 
(A)
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(B)
a reduction in the amount of principal payable (including by way of 
redenomination);  
(C)
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for payment of interest, 
principal or premium; 
(D)
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of such obligation resulting in such 
Obligation becoming subordinated in its right to receive payment to one or more 
other obligations; or  
(E)
a redenomination of an Obligation (other than to certain permitted currencies, and 
excluding a redenomination into Euro where the relevant currency jurisdiction 
joins the Euro-zone); and 
(ii)
such event occurs in a form which binds all of the holders of that Obligation, is agreed 
between the relevant Reference Entity or a governmental authority and a sufficient 
number of holders of such obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation (including, in 
each case, in respect of bonds only, by way of an exchange) and where such event is not 
expressly provided for under the original terms of that Obligation; and 
(iii)
any such event results from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition 
of the relevant Reference Entity. 
If a bond exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described 
under sub-paragraphs (i)(A) to (E) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the 
terms of the bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations 
immediately following such exchange. Unless "Multiple Holder Obligation" is specified as not 
applicable in relation to a particular Reference Entity in the Standard (as defined in Commonly 
Asked Question 36(g) (What Credit Events apply to the Securities?) below), a Restructuring 
will have occurred only if the event in question relates to an Obligation held by more than three 
non-affiliated holders and, where, for Obligations other than bonds, the consent of at least two-
thirds of the holders of the relevant Obligation is required. 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligations ("Mod R") 
If "Mod R" applies in accordance with the Standard (as defined below) and if specified to be 
applicable in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable), then in order to be taken 
into account for settlement an Obligation must be a "Fully Transferable Obligation" - that is, 
capable of being assigned or novated without consent. It must also be possible to transfer the 
Obligation to a bank or financial institution or other entity which regularly makes, purchases or 
invests in loans or other financial assets. The maturity of such obligation must fall within 
specified limits. 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligations 
("Mod Mod R") 
If "Mod Mod R" applies in accordance with the Standard and if specified to be applicable in the 
Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable), then in order to be taken into account for 
settlement an obligation must be a "Conditionally Transferable Obligation" that is, capable of 
being assigned or novated with consent, provided that such consent must not be unreasonably 
withheld. Again, the maturity of such Obligation must fall within specified limits. 
A "M(M)R Restructuring" is a Restructuring Credit Event in which either "Mod R" or "Mod 
Mod R" applies in accordance with the Standard and is specified to be applicable in the Standard 
or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable).

--- Page 131 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
118 
Under the Credit Linked Provisions, a resolution of a CDDC (as defined in Commonly Asked 
Question 36(h) (When does a Credit Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Securities?
below) that a "M(M)R Restructuring" has occurred will not result in an Event Determination 
Date unless the Calculation Agent elects to treat settlement of the Securities as having been 
triggered. Holders will not have the right to elect the occurrence of an Event Determination Date 
in such circumstances; accordingly, where the Calculation Agent does not make an election to 
trigger settlement, Holders will be exposed to the risk that future Credit Events will occur and 
may result in larger losses than would otherwise have been the case.  
Repudiation/Moratorium 
A "Repudiation/Moratorium" will occur where a Reference Entity or a governmental authority 
repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of one or more Obligations, 
or declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral and a Failure to Pay or a 
Restructuring occurs (without taking into account specified minimum amounts) on or before the 
stipulated evaluation date.  
Obligation Default 
An "Obligation Default" will occur where one or more Obligations of a Reference Entity have 
become capable of being declared due and payable early because of the occurrence of a default, 
an event of default, or any other similar condition or event (however described), other than a 
failure to pay. 
Obligation Acceleration 
An "Obligation Acceleration" will occur where an Obligation Default occurs and eligible 
obligations have become due and payable under their terms. 
Governmental Intervention 
A "Governmental Intervention" will occur where, as a result of the action taken or 
announcement made by a governmental authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring 
and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulations) applicable to the 
relevant Reference Entity, certain binding changes are made to the relevant obligations of the 
Reference Entity. Such changes may include, without limitation, a reduction in the rate or 
amount (as applicable) of interest, principal or premium payable when due, a postponement or 
other deferral of the date or dates for payment of interest, principal or premium, a change in the 
ranking in priority of payment of any obligation, or a mandatory cancellation, conversion or 
exchange. 
Unlike a "Restructuring", "Governmental Intervention" is not subject to the requirement for a 
deterioration in creditworthiness or financial condition of the relevant Reference Entity or to the 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" requirement, and applies regardless of whether the relevant event 
is expressly provided for under the terms of the Obligation (for example, debt with bail-in 
provisions). 
(g)
What Credit Events apply to the Securities? 
In respect of each issue of Securities, the types of Credit Events which may apply in relation to 
the specified Reference Entity or Reference Entities, as applicable, will vary depending on the 
identity of each Reference Entity and will be determined either by reference to market standards 
that relate to credit default swaps, as described below, or will be specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms.  
Credit default swaps are transactions in which settlement is triggered by the occurrence of a 
Credit Event of a particular Reference Entity or Reference Entities referenced in the terms of 
such transaction. A buyer of credit protection will make one or more payments of premium to 
the seller of credit protection. In exchange, the seller of credit protection agrees to make payment 
to the buyer of credit protection following the occurrence of a Credit Event and subject to 
satisfaction of certain conditions.

--- Page 132 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
119 
Credit default swaps are typically entered into on the basis of standard definitions and provisions 
published by ISDA. Certain terms of credit default swaps are subject to negotiation between the 
parties, for example the maturity of each transaction and the price of credit protection purchased. 
However, many key terms of credit default swaps - for example, the applicable Credit Events - 
are typically determined by reference to a matrix of market standard terms published by ISDA 
(the version of such matrix which is effective as at the Trade Date is referred to in this section 
as the "Standard"). The Standard recognises a variety of standard terms based on the nature of 
the relevant Reference Entity (corporate, sovereign, etc.) and its location (Europe, North 
America etc.). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Standard is available free of charge on 
ISDA's website at www.isda.org. 
The Issue Terms will specify a "Transaction Type" with respect to the relevant Reference Entity 
or Reference Entities, as applicable, or, in respect of Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit 
Index, the "Transaction Type" may be specified in the annex published in respect of the Credit 
Index by the relevant index sponsor. Certain terms of the Securities, including Credit Events, 
will be determined by reference to the Standard for such "Transaction Type". Such terms may 
vary between particular Series of Securities depending on the relevant "Transaction Type" 
which applies. Furthermore the Standard is updated regularly by ISDA and accordingly different 
Series of Securities may refer to different versions of the Standard.  
(h)
When does a Credit Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Securities?  
A Credit Event may occur at any time during the period from, and including, the "Credit 
Observation Start Date" to, and including, the Scheduled Maturity Date or such other date as is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms (subject to extension in certain circumstances, see 
Commonly Asked Question 36(r) (In what circumstances might the maturity of the Securities 
be extended?) below. The "Credit Observation Date" is the Credit Event Backstop Date, Trade 
Date or such other date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Therefore, Credit Events 
occurring prior to the Trade Date may, depending on the terms and conditions of the Securities, 
be taken into account for the purposes of the Securities. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date is a rolling date which is:  
(i)
if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (a "CDDC") (see Commonly Asked 
Question 36(w) (What are the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and how 
do they affect the Securities?) below) receives a request to resolve whether or not a Credit 
Event has occurred in relation to a Reference Entity, 60 calendar days prior to the date 
of such request (regardless of whether the CDDC resolves to determine such matter or 
not); or  
(ii)
otherwise, 60 calendar days prior to the first date on which the Calculation Agent delivers 
a notice, and supporting information, in order to trigger settlement of the Securities 
following a Credit Event. 
(i)
When can a Credit Event be triggered? 
The "Notice Delivery Period" is the period during which a Credit Event may be triggered with 
respect to a Reference Entity. The Notice Delivery Period will commence on the "Trade Date" 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, in respect of Credit Linked Securities referencing 
a single Reference Entity will expire on the Scheduled Maturity Date, or in respect of Credit 
Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index, 14 calendar days after the Credit Observation End 
Date (subject to extension in certain circumstances, see Commonly Asked Question 36(r) (In 
what circumstances might the maturity of the Securities be extended?)) in respect of such 
Reference Entity, or, in each case, such other date specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
However, in certain circumstances, the Notice Delivery Period may be extended beyond the 
Scheduled Maturity Date if a potential Credit Event, such as a Failure to Pay or 
Repudiation/Moratorium, has occurred prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (or other date 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of the Securities, which may become an actual Credit 
Event within a specified period following the Scheduled Maturity Date (or other date specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms) (see Commonly Asked Question (r) (In what circumstances might 
the maturity of the Securities be extended?) below).

--- Page 133 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
120 
(j)
When can an Event Determination Date occur? 
An Event Determination Date may occur: 
(i)
as a result of the publication by ISDA of a resolution by a CDDC that a Credit Event has 
occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Entity (in which case the Event 
Determination Date will be the date of the relevant request for a resolution); or 
(ii)
in the absence of a resolution of a CDDC, if the Calculation Agent delivers, on behalf of 
the Issuer, a notice and supporting information derived from specified sources (that is, 
public news or information sources, the relevant Reference Entity itself, court or other 
public filings or paying agents, trustees or other intermediaries appointed in respect of 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity), in order to trigger settlement of the 
Securities following a Credit Event. 
(k)
Can an Event Determination Date only occur if a CDDC determines that one has occurred?  
No. The Calculation Agent may still deliver a notice to trigger settlement of the Securities 
following a Credit Event even if a CDDC has not resolved that a Credit Event has occurred, as 
long as a CDDC has not already resolved that a Credit Event has not occurred. 
(l)
What are the consequences for the Securities if an Event Determination Date occurs?  
The consequences for Securities if an Event Determination Date occurs will differ depending 
on whether the Securities are linked to the credit risk of either a single Reference Entity (a 
"Single Name CLN") or Reference Entities comprising a Credit Index (a "Credit Index Linked 
CLN") (in each case, or any successor to the relevant Reference Entity(ies)).  
Single Name CLN 
In respect of a Single Name CLN, following the occurrence of a Credit Event and an Event 
Determination Date with respect to the relevant Reference Entity or its successor, the Securities 
will be subject to redemption in whole by payment to the Holders of the Final Redemption 
Amount (or, where the relevant Event Determination Date relates to a M(M)R Restructuring 
Credit Event, if the Calculation Agent so elects, the Securities will be partially redeemed (see 
Commonly Asked Question 36(p) (How much will Holders receive if the Securities are partially 
redeemed following a M(M)R Restructuring?) below). The Final Redemption Amount payable 
on such a redemption is likely to be considerably less than the nominal amount of the Securities 
(and may be as low as zero) which means that Holders will suffer a loss of principal. 
If "Zero Recovery" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Final 
Redemption Amount following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date will be zero and 
Holders will suffer a loss of their entire principal. 
In addition, following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, interest will cease to 
accrue on the Securities, with effect from, and including, the first day of the interest period 
during which the Event Determination Date occurred (or, if "Interest accrual up to Event 
Determination Date" is specified to be applicable, interest will cease to accrue from (and 
including) the relevant Event Determination Date). 
If the Securities are redeemed in full following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, 
following payment by the Issuer of the Final Redemption Amount (if any) to each Holder, the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) will owe no further obligations to the Holder in respect 
of such Security and such Security will be cancelled.  
Credit Index Linked CLN linked to a Credit Index on an untranched basis 
In respect of a Credit Index Linked CLN linked to a Credit Index on an untranched basis, 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event and an Event Determination Date with respect to a 
Reference Entity or its successor, the interest bearing amount (being the notional amount by 
reference to which interest and return of principal is determined) as well as payments of interest 
and principal will be reduced. The amount of such reduction will be determined by reference to

--- Page 134 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
121 
such Reference Entity's weighting in the Credit Index as well as a price determined as set out in 
Commonly Asked Question 36(m) (How is the Final Redemption Amount determined?) below. 
If "Zero Recovery" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the price determined 
in respect of a Reference Entity following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date will 
be deemed to be zero and Holders will suffer a loss of a proportion of their principal equal to 
such Reference Entity's weighting in the Credit Index. 
On redemption, the Securities will be subject to redemption in whole by payment to the Holders 
of the Final Redemption Amount which will be calculated by reference to the interest bearing 
amount. Following an Event Determination Date in respect of one or more Reference Entity(ies) 
comprising the Credit Index, the Final Redemption Amount payable on such a redemption is 
likely to be less than the nominal amount of the Securities (and may be as low as zero) which 
means that Holders will suffer a loss of principal and in certain circumstances will suffer a total 
loss of principal.  
In addition, following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, the interest bearing 
amount, and therefore the notional amount in respect of which interest is calculated, will be 
reduced with effect from, and including, the first day of the interest period during which the 
Event Determination Date occurred, resulting in a reduction in the interest payable in respect of 
the Securities. 
Credit Index Linked CLN linked to a Credit Index on a tranched basis 
In respect of a Credit Index Linked CLN linked to a Credit Index on a tranched basis, following 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and an Event Determination Date with respect to a Reference 
Entity or its successor, the interest bearing amount (being the notional amount by reference to 
which interest and return of principal is determined) as well as payments of interest and principal 
may be reduced. The amount of such reduction will be determined by reference to such 
Reference Entity's weighting in the Credit Index, a price determined as set out in Commonly 
Asked Question 36(m) (How is the Final Redemption Amount determined?) below, the relevant 
upper and lower boundaries of the tranche (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and the 
number of Reference Entities which have experienced an Event Determination Date and the 
relevant price related to such Reference Entities.  
Subject as provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, in respect of each interest 
payment date and the maturity date of the Securities, the interest bearing amount (the notional 
amount by reference to which interest and return of principal is determined) is calculated by 
reference to the aggregate losses in respect of the Reference Entities comprising the Credit Index 
(being the aggregate, in respect of each Reference Entity in respect of which an Event 
Determination Date has occurred, of the product of the Reference Entity's weighting in the 
Credit Index as well as a price determined as set out in Commonly Asked Question 36(m) (How 
is the Final Redemption Amount determined?) below relative to the upper and lower boundaries 
of the tranche (and if "Zero Recovery" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the price determined in respect of a Reference Entity following the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date will be deemed to be zero and the aggregate losses will increase by a 
percentage equal to such Reference Entity's weighting in the Credit Index). Specifically, subject 
as provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, the interest bearing amount will be 
reduced if the aggregate losses exceed the lower boundary and in proportion to which the 
aggregate losses exceed the lower boundary relative to the amount by which the upper boundary 
exceeds the lower boundary (the 'tranche size'). If losses under the Credit Index equal or exceed 
the upper boundary, a Holder will suffer a loss of their entire investment. 
On redemption, the Securities will be subject to redemption in whole by payment to the Holders 
of the Final Redemption Amount which will be calculated by reference to the interest bearing 
amount. Following an Event Determination Date in respect of one or more Reference Entity(ies) 
comprising the Credit Index, the Final Redemption Amount payable on such a redemption is 
likely to be less than the nominal amount of the Securities (and may be as low as zero) which 
means that Holders will suffer a loss of principal.  
In addition, following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, the interest bearing 
amount, and therefore the notional amount in respect of which interest is calculated, will be

--- Page 135 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
122 
reduced with effect from, and including, the first day of the interest period during which the 
Event Determination Date occurred. Such reduction will again be determined by reference to 
the aggregate losses in respect of the Reference Entities comprising the Credit Index relative to 
the upper and lower boundaries of the tranche. Furthermore, subject as provided in the terms 
and conditions of the Securities, if in respect of any interest payment date the aggregate losses 
under the Credit Index equal or exceed the upper boundary, the Securities will be redeemed 
early on such interest payment date and the Final Redemption Amount will be equal to zero and 
Holders will suffer a total loss of principal. 
(m)
How is the Final Redemption Amount determined? 
The Final Redemption Amount is the cash amount which is payable to each Holder on 
redemption of the Securities. If an Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of a 
Reference Entity, and where there is an Auction (as defined in Commonly Asked Question 36(n) 
(How is the Final Redemption Amount determined if "Auction Settlement" applies?) below), the 
Final Redemption Amount will be determined based on the price of certain eligible obligations 
of the Reference Entity (or, in respect of Credit Index Linked CLNs, of each Reference Entity 
in respect of which an Event Determination Date has occurred) ("Deliverable Obligations"), 
which may be loans, bonds or other obligations issued directly by the relevant Reference Entity 
or obligations in respect of which the relevant Reference Entity acts as guarantor (or in certain 
cases a related asset package), on a specified date following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
with respect to such Reference Entity. The price of such Deliverable Obligations will be 
determined by an Auction. 
Where there is no Auction, the Final Redemption Amount will be determined on a valuation 
date selected by the Calculation Agent following the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect 
to such Reference Entity (or, in respect of Credit Index Linked CLNs, of each Reference Entity 
in respect of which an Event Determination Date has occurred) based on bid quotations received 
by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for certain eligible obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity ("Valuation Obligations") that are selected by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the terms of the Securities. 
If "Zero Recovery" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, and an Event 
Determination Date has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity, in respect of a Single Name 
CLN the Final Redemption Amount or, in respect of a Credit Index Linked CLN, the price 
determined in respect of such Reference Entity for the purposes of calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount, in each case, will be zero. 
(n)
How is the Final Redemption Amount determined if "Auction Settlement" applies? 
If "Auction Settlement" applies to the Securities, the Final Redemption Amount will be 
determined by reference to a price in respect of each relevant Reference Entity determined by 
way of a credit derivatives auction sponsored by ISDA (an "Auction"). The Auction will involve 
a bidding process by institutions participating in the relevant Auction, pursuant to a bidding 
procedure set by ISDA, to establish the value of Deliverable Obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity (or, in certain cases, a related asset package; see below). The Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation Agent or its affiliates may act as a participating bidder 
in any such Auction and may submit bids and offers with respect to the Deliverable Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity or the components of the relevant asset package.  
Deliverable Obligations will include obligations of the relevant Reference Entity which satisfy 
(or, in certain cases, which satisfied, prior to the occurrence of particular Credit Events) certain 
specified "Deliverable Obligation Categories" and "Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" and 
may include a wide variety of obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, including bonds, 
loans, guarantees, payments due under derivatives and repos, trade debts and deposits. The 
applicable Deliverable Obligation Category and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are 
specified in the Standard and will vary from one Reference Entity to another depending on the 
"Transaction Type" specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
The outcome of any Auction is likely to reflect the prevailing price of the cheapest relevant 
obligation of the relevant Reference Entity.

--- Page 136 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
123 
In certain circumstances, an Auction may occur in relation to a package of assets received by a 
holder of one or more obligations of the relevant Reference Entity in connection with the 
occurrence of a particular Credit Event. An asset package may be comprised of one or a 
combination of financial or non-financial instruments. Where any component of an asset 
package is a non-financial instrument, a value may be determined and published by ISDA in 
respect of that instrument without the need for an auction. 
Following redemption of the Securities following the occurrence of an Event Determination 
Date, and subject as provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, the Final Redemption 
Amount payable in respect of: 
(i)
a Single Name CLN will be an amount equal to the product of: 
(A)
the denomination of the Security (or, in certain circumstances, a portion thereof); 
and 
(B)
the price (expressed as a percentage) determined through the Auction for certain 
obligations of such Reference Entity. 
The Final Redemption Amount in such circumstances is likely to be lower than the par 
value of the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity and will be reflective of a 
loss experienced by the Holder of such Deliverable Obligations. Moreover, the price is 
likely to reflect the lowest prevailing market value of any Deliverable Obligation.  
Subject as provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, the Final Redemption 
Amount will be payable to Holders on the day falling the number of Business Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms after the date on which the price is determined 
through the Auction (or, in respect of a Single Name CLN in respect of which 'European' 
settlement is applicable, if later, the Scheduled Maturity Date).  
(ii)
a Credit Index Linked CLN linked to a Credit Index on an untranched basis will be an 
amount equal to the interest bearing amount, being, subject as provided below, the 
product of: 
(A)
the denomination of the Security; and 
(B)
100 per cent. minus the aggregate of the product of, in respect of each Reference 
Entity in respect of which an Event Determination Date has occurred, (1) the price 
(expressed as a percentage) determined through the Auction for certain 
obligations of such Reference Entity; and (2) the weighting of such Reference 
Entity in the Credit Index. 
The Final Redemption Amount in such circumstances will be reflective of a loss 
experienced by the Holder of Deliverable Obligations of the relevant Reference Entities 
in proportion to their weighting in the Credit Index.  
The redemption amount will be payable to Holders on the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
provided that in respect of any Reference Entity in respect of which (I) an Event 
Determination Date has occurred but no price has yet been determined in respect of 
Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity; or (II) an Event Determination Date has 
not yet occurred but a potential Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or the Calculation Agent has determined that a Credit Event may have 
occurred, a pro rata proportion of the final redemption amount of the Securities 
corresponding to such Reference Entity may be postponed beyond the Scheduled 
Maturity Date in order to establish whether a Credit Event has occurred in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity(ies) and to establish any relevant price. In such circumstances, 
if no Event Determination Date has occurred, the relevant amount will be payable within 
a specified period following the Scheduled Maturity Date and, if an Event Determination 
Date has occurred, the amount (if any) will be payable on the day falling the number of 
Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms after the date on which the price is 
determined through the Auction and reflecting the difference between the redemption 
amount paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date and the amount that would have been

--- Page 137 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
124 
payable if the occurrence of the Event Determination Date and related price had been 
known on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iii)
a Credit Index Linked CLN linked to a Credit Index on a tranched basis will be an amount 
equal to the interest bearing amount, being, subject as provided below, the product of: 
(A)
the denomination of the Security; and 
(B)
100 per cent. minus the result of: 
(x) 
(1)
the aggregate losses, being the aggregate of the product of, in 
respect of each Reference Entity in respect of which an Event 
Determination Date has occurred, (1) the price (expressed as a 
percentage) determined through the Auction for certain obligations 
of such Reference Entity; and (2) the weighting of such Reference 
Entity in the Credit Index, 
minus 
(2)
the lower boundary, 
divided by
(y) 
the tranche size (as described in paragraph (l) above). 
The Final Redemption Amount in such circumstances will be bear the same proportion 
to the denomination of the Securities as the aggregate losses bear to the tranche size. If 
the aggregate losses are less than or equal to the lower boundary, the Final Redemption 
Amount will be equal to the denomination of the Security. If the aggregate losses are 
greater than or equal to the upper boundary, the Final Redemption Amount will be equal 
to zero. 
The redemption amount will be payable to Holders on Scheduled Maturity Date, 
provided that the redemption amount may be reduced if there is any Reference Entity in 
respect of which (I) an Event Determination Date has occurred but no price has yet been 
determined in respect of Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity; or (II) an Event 
Determination Date has not yet occurred but a potential Credit Event has occurred on or 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Calculation Agent has determined that a 
Credit Event may have occurred. In such circumstances, the redemption amount will be 
calculated as if each such Reference Entity had experienced an Event Determination Date 
and the price determined for certain obligations of such Reference Entity was zero. As 
such, a proportion (or the entirety) of the final redemption amount of the Securities 
corresponding to such Reference Entity may be postponed, depending on the aggregate 
losses relative to the tranche size, beyond the Scheduled Maturity Date in order to 
establish whether a Credit Event has occurred in respect of the relevant Reference 
Entity(ies) and to establish any relevant price(s).  
In such circumstances, the Calculation Agent will recalculate the redemption amount 
once it has been established if an Event Determination Date has occurred and the relevant 
price, and the relevant amount may be payable following the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
There may be multiple Auctions held concurrently, either as required for the purposes of settling 
credit default swap transactions of varying maturities following a M(M)R Restructuring Credit 
Event or where Auctions are conducted in relation to senior and subordinated obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity. Where multiple Auctions are held concurrently following a M(M)R 
Restructuring Credit Event, the Calculation Agent will determine the relevant Auction for the 
purposes of the Securities. 
See further Annex B (Auction Settlement Terms) of the Credit Linked Provisions for a more 
detailed description of the auction process.

--- Page 138 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
125 
(o)
How is the Final Redemption Amount determined if "Auction Settlement" does not apply? 
If there is not and will not be a relevant Auction for the purposes of the Securities in relation to 
a particular Event Determination Date, then the price determined for certain obligations of any 
relevant Reference Entity for the purposes of determining the Final Redemption Amount will 
be determined on a valuation date selected by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the bid 
quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the Valuation 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity selected in accordance with the terms of the 
Securities (including, as applicable, a related asset package). The Calculation Agent will be 
entitled to select the cheapest Valuation Obligation(s) for valuation. This will reduce the Final 
Redemption Amount payable to Holders. Where ISDA publishes a value in respect of any 
component of an asset package, such value will apply for purposes of calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount without the requirement to seek quotations. 
In such case, the Final Redemption Amount payable in respect of a Security will be calculated 
as set out in Commonly Asked Question 36(o) (How is the Final Redemption Amount 
determined if "Auction Settlement" does not apply?) above, provided that the price determined 
for certain obligations of any relevant Reference Entity will be determined on the basis of bid 
quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the Valuation 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the terms of the Securities.  
In such a case and in respect of a Single Name CLN, the Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable on the day falling the number of Business Days specified in the Issue Terms after the 
date on which such price is determined by the Calculation Agent.  
(p)
How much will Holders receive if the Securities are partially redeemed following a M(M)R 
Restructuring?  
If an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect to the Securities, then, in certain 
cases, the Calculation Agent may elect to trigger a credit event in respect of a portion of the 
exposure of the Securities. In respect of a Single Name CLN, this would trigger a partial 
redemption of the Securities. In respect of a Credit Index Linked CLN, this would trigger a 
partial reduction in respect of the interest bearing amount and related to the relevant Reference 
Entity. The Calculation Agent has sole discretion to decide whether it would exercise a partial 
redemption of the Securities in the case of Single Name CLNs or a reduction in the interest 
bearing amount in the case of Credit Index Linked CLNs.  
In respect of a Single Name CLN, if the Issuer exercises such right to partially redeem the 
Securities, each Security will be redeemed in part by an amount that is less than the entire credit 
protection purchased and sold under the Securities in relation to the Reference Entity (the 
"Credit Position") with respect to which the M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event occurred (such 
partial amount the "Exercise Amount"). The Final Redemption Amount payable is then 
determined only in respect of such Exercise Amount. The Credit Position is reduced by such 
Exercise Amount and subsequent determinations of interest and principal under the Securities 
are determined only in respect of the remaining Credit Position following such reduction. 
In respect of a Credit Index Linked CLN, if the Issuer exercises such right to trigger a credit 
event in respect of a portion of the Credit Position of the Reference Entity, the reduction in the 
interest bearing amount will be in respect of a corresponding portion. 
(q)
What are zero recovery Credit Linked Securities? 
"Zero Recovery" may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. "Zero recovery" Securities are 
Credit Linked Securities in respect of which, if an Event Determination Date occurs in respect 
of a Reference Entity, the price determined for certain obligations of such Reference Entity for 
the purposes of determining the Final Redemption Amount is assumed to be zero. 
In respect of a Single Name CLN, the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of 
zero recovery Securities will result in a loss of all of the principal of the Securities relating to 
the affected Reference Entity.

--- Page 139 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
126 
In respect of a Credit Index Linked CLN, the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in 
respect of a Reference Entity and zero recovery Securities will result in a corresponding increase 
in the aggregate losses equal to the Reference Entity weighting of such Reference Entity in the 
Credit Index, regardless of any residual value of obligations of such Reference Entity. 
(r)
In what circumstances might the maturity of the Securities be extended?  
If no Event Determination Date occurs then the Securities are scheduled to redeem on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
However, redemption of the Securities may be extended beyond the Scheduled Maturity Date 
even where no Event Determination Date is ultimately deemed to have occurred if, for example, 
a resolution of a CDDC as to the occurrence of a Credit Event is pending as at the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or pending determination of whether a potential Credit Event which occurred on 
or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date will become an actual Credit Event in respect of a 
Reference Entity within a specified period of time after the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
For example, if a potential Failure to Pay Credit Event occurs prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date of the Securities and a grace period applies so that the relevant Reference Entity has a 
period of time in which to try and cure such potential "Failure to Pay" (the end of such period 
is referred to as the "Grace Period Extension Date"), the Maturity Date of the Securities may 
be extended beyond its Scheduled Maturity Date pending a potential cure of such failure to pay 
within the applicable grace period. 
Similarly, the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Securities may be extended pending an evaluation 
as to whether a potential Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event (the end of such evaluation 
period is referred to as the "Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date") which has occurred 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date will become an actual Repudiation/Moratorium Credit 
Event. 
In such cases the Calculation Agent may extend the maturity of the Securities beyond their 
Scheduled Maturity Date until the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or the Grace Period 
Extension Date (as applicable). In addition, the Calculation Agent may extend the period during 
which a Credit Event may occur to end on the later of the Scheduled Maturity Date, Grace 
Period Extension Date and the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (the "Extension 
Date"). 
If on the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or the Grace 
Period Extension Date (as applicable), an Event Determination Date has not occurred but in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent a Credit Event or a potential "Repudiation/Moratorium" 
Credit Event may have occurred, the Calculation Agent may extend the Maturity Date to the 
"Postponed Maturity Date" of the Securities. If no Event Determination Date ultimately occurs, 
the "Postponed Maturity Date" will be a date falling no later than 90 days after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or the Grace Period Extension 
Date (as applicable). If this occurs, the Notice Delivery Period will end on the Extension Date 
or the Postponed Maturity Date. 
Furthermore, other than if "Zero Recovery" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the maturity of the Credit Linked Securities may be postponed where an Event 
Determination Date has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity, but no Auction Final Price or 
Final Price, as applicable, has been determined, in order that such Auction Final Price or Final 
Price, as applicable, can be established. No interest will accrue in respect of any such 
postponement. 
In respect of a Single Name CLN, payment of the Final Redemption Amount will be payable at 
maturity of the Securities.  
In respect of any Credit Index Linked CLN linked to a Credit Index on an untranched basis, the 
portion of the Final Redemption Amount (if any) in respect of Reference Entities in respect of 
which no such postponement has occurred, will be payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date and

--- Page 140 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
127 
the portion in respect of any postponed Reference Entity, if payable following the determination 
of any Event Determination Date, will be payable at maturity of the Securities.   
In respect of any Credit Index Linked CLN linked to a Credit Index on a tranched basis, a portion 
of the Final Redemption Amount may be payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date, depending 
on the aggregate losses relative to the upper and lower boundaries, and, if any amount are 
payable following the determination of any Event Determination Date, such amounts will be 
payable at maturity of the Securities.   
(s)
How much will Holders receive if no Event Determination Date occurs? 
If no Event Determination Date has occurred within the Notice Delivery Period, each Security 
will be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date (or, if the maturity has been extended as 
described in Commonly Asked Question 36(r) (In what circumstances might the maturity of the 
Securities be extended?) above on the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, the Grace 
Period Extension Date, the Postponed Maturity Date or the Maturity Date following any 
postponement in order to determine any applicable Auction Final Price or Final Price (as 
applicable)) at its Final Redemption Amount, which, in the absence of any Event Determination 
Dates, will be the amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(t)
What interest or coupon payments will Holders receive?  
If interest or coupon provisions are specified to apply in the relevant Issue Terms, Holders will 
receive interest amount(s) on each "Interest Payment Date" or "Coupon Payment Date" as 
provided in the General Conditions and relevant Issue Terms (subject to any early redemption 
of the Securities and subject to the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, as set out in the 
terms and conditions of the Securities, in respect of which see further Commonly Asked 
Question 36(l) (What are the consequences for the Securities if an Event Determination Date 
occurs?) above).  
(u)
Does credit risk affect the value of the Securities in any other way? 
In addition to the effects of a Credit Event described above under Commonly Asked Question 
36(l) (What are the consequences for the Securities if an Event Determination Date occurs?) 
credit risk affects the value of a Security in several ways. For example, among other things, the 
market value of a Security may be affected negatively when the probability of, or the market's 
perception of the probability of, a Credit Event occurring in respect of any specified Reference 
Entity increases, even if a Credit Event does not actually happen. 
(v)
How do changes in share prices of a Reference Entity affect the value of the Securities? 
Taking credit risk on one or more Reference Entity(ies) by purchasing Securities is different 
from taking equity risk by investing in shares of any such Reference Entity. There are a number 
of reasons for this. For example: 
(i)
the Securities reference debt obligations of the specified Reference Entity(ies), and a 
Reference Entity must generally pay amounts due to the creditors on these debt 
obligations before paying dividends or capital to shareholders; 
(ii)
the obligations of a Reference Entity referenced by the Securities consist of bonds and 
other debt; holders of this type of debt will generally rank ahead of holders of ordinary 
shares in the insolvency of a Reference Entity, and so may have (but are not guaranteed) 
a higher rate of recovery of moneys due to them; 
(iii)
because the Securities reference these debt obligations, the market value of the Securities 
is related to (although not necessarily equal to) the value of these debt obligations; and 
(iv)
there is no direct link between share prices and the value of the Securities. 
However, in some circumstances, a change in the share price of a Reference Entity may result 
in or from, at a general level, a change in the market value of its debt and vice versa.

--- Page 141 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
128 
(w)
What are the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and how do they affect the 
Securities?  
The CDDCs were established by ISDA in March 2009 to make determinations that are relevant 
to the majority of the credit derivatives market and to promote transparency and consistency.  
Prospective Holders should note that a CDDC has the power to make binding decisions for the 
purposes of the Securities on critical issues, including: 
(i)
the occurrence of a Credit Event and Event Determination Date;  
(ii)
whether one or more Auctions will be held in respect of any Reference Entity for which 
a Credit Event has occurred and the price determined in such Auction; 
(iii)
if one or more Auctions is to be held, what Deliverable Obligations of the Reference 
Entity will be used for the purposes of determining the price for each such Auction; and 
(iv)
the determination of the occurrence of an event, including the occurrence of a "Sovereign 
Succession Event" and the identity of any "Successors" (whether in connection with a 
Sovereign Succession Event or otherwise) (see Commonly Asked Question 36(x) (Is it 
possible to change a Reference Entity?) below). 
Consequently, Holders will be bound by any such relevant decisions and the payments on the 
Securities and the timing of any such payments may be affected by such decisions or 
determinations. Questions referred to the CDDC and the results of binding votes will be 
published on www.isda.org. 
The CDDCs are regional and there is a CDDC for each of the following five regions: the 
Americas, Asia (excluding Japan), Australia and New Zealand, Europe, the Middle East and 
Africa and Japan. The CDDC which is relevant for a particular series of Securities will be the 
one constituted for the region applicable to the relevant Reference Entity to which a given 
determination relates. 
The proceedings of each CDDC will be governed by rules published from time to time by ISDA. 
A copy of such rules is available as at the date of this Base Prospectus free of charge at 
www.isda.org. 
Each CDDC is composed of fifteen voting members and three non-voting consultative 
members. Ten of the voting members are dealer institutions, with eight serving across all regions 
and two potentially varying by region. The other five voting members are non-dealer institutions 
that serve across all regions. The three non-voting consultative members consist of one dealer 
institution and one non-dealer institution that serve across all regions and one dealer institution 
that could potentially vary by region.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Calculation Agent and certain of its affiliates are 
members of one or more CDDCs. (See further Annex A (Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees) to the Credit Linked Provisions for a more detailed description of the CDDCs). 
(x)
Is it possible to change a Reference Entity?  
After the Trade Date, a Reference Entity may not be changed unless a "Successor" determination 
has been made with respect to the Reference Entity (and, in the case of a Reference Entity that 
is a sovereign, following the occurrence of a "Sovereign Succession Event") on or after the 
"Successor Backstop Date" (or, in the case of a "Universal Successor", on or after 1 January 
2014).  
A "Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a sovereign, 
an annexation, unification, cessation, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or 
other similar event. 
A "Universal Successor" means, with respect to a Reference Entity which is not a sovereign, 
the single entity which assumes all of the obligations (including at least one relevant bond or

--- Page 142 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
129 
loan) of the Reference Entity and at the time of the determination either (i) the Reference Entity 
has ceased to exist, or (ii) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (however 
described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any borrowed money obligation 
at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption. 
(y)
What is a "Successor" to the Reference Entity and how can succession affect the Securities?  
If ISDA publicly announces that a CDDC has resolved that a different entity or entities has or 
have become successor(s) to the original Reference Entity or the Calculation Agent identifies a 
Successor to the original Reference Entity, or, in respect of Credit Index Linked CLNs, the index 
sponsor of the relevant Credit Index may make such determination, for example where such 
successor assumes obligations of the original Reference Entity under the latter's bonds or loan, 
or issues bonds or incurs loans in exchange for bonds or loans of the original Reference Entity, 
including in certain circumstances as part of a pre-determined series of steps, to which the 
Securities are linked, then such entity will be deemed to be a "Successor" to the original 
Reference Entity. 
The identity of the original Reference Entity will be treated as having been amended accordingly 
for the purposes of the Securities so that, following the determination or announcement of a 
"Successor", the Securities will be linked to the credit risk of the Successor. Where "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" applies to the Securities and either "Senior Level" or "Subordinated 
Level" has been specified as applicable, the successor in respect of the Securities in respect of 
which "Subordinated Level" is specified will follow the subordinated debt of the Reference 
Entity and the successor in respect of the Securities in respect of which "Senior Level" is 
specified will follow the senior debt (as applicable). The credit risk associated with a Successor 
or Successors may be different from and could be greater than the credit risk associated with the 
original Reference Entity. 
The events which may lead to the determination or announcement of a Successor may occur at 
any time from and including the "Successor Backstop Date" (or, in the case of a "Universal 
Successor" on or after 1 January 2014).  
The Successor Backstop Date is a rolling date which is:  
(i)
if a CDDC receives a request to resolve whether or not there is one or more Successors 
to the Reference Entity, 90 calendar days prior to the date of such request (regardless of 
whether the CDDC resolves to determine such matter or not); or  
(ii)
otherwise, 90 calendar days prior to the date on which notice of the occurrence of a 
succession is delivered by the Calculation Agent.  
If the CDDC makes no resolution as to whether a succession has occurred or is not convened to 
consider the question, the Calculation Agent may determine the occurrence of a succession.  
(z)
Can a succession occur prior to the Trade Date?  
Yes. The Successor Backstop Date may be prior to the Trade Date and therefore a succession 
may occur prior to the Trade Date. 
Holders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the 
Reference Entity by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered 
to convene a CDDC prior to the Trade Date to determine whether a succession has occurred 
with respect to the Reference Entity, details of such request may be found on the ISDA website 
http://www.isda.org/credit. 
(aa)
What is the role of the Calculation Agent in deciding certain issues or exercising certain 
rights or options in relation to the Securities?  
The Calculation Agent may make certain determinations relating to the Securities, including 
(but not limited to) the following:

--- Page 143 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
130 
(i)
in the absence of a determination by the CDDC, whether an Event Determination Date 
has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity; 
(ii)
where "Auction Settlement" does not apply, the Final Redemption Amount on the basis 
of bid quotations from third party dealers in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, 
including the selection of (A) the Valuation Obligations on which the final price will be 
based, (B) third party dealers from which to obtain bid quotations and (C) the date for 
the valuation of the Valuation Obligations;  
(iii)
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event (if applicable), to 
trigger an Event Determination Date in relation to a part or all of the Credit Position in 
respect of such Reference Entity (and, in respect of Single Name CLNs, triggering a 
redemption in part of the Securities);  
(iv)
following a merger between the Reference Entity and the Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable) or if the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) and the Reference Entity 
become affiliates, whether to redeem the Securities early;  
(v)
in the absence of a determination by the CDDC, the determination of any Successor(s) 
in respect of a Reference Entity; and 
(vi)
where there are multiple Auctions held concurrently in respect of a Reference Entity, 
determining the Auction which will apply to the Securities. 
Holders should note that any determination and/or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall, 
in the absence of manifest error, be final and binding on the Issuer and the Holders. 
However, Holders should note that where a determination by the Calculation Agent is overruled 
by a decision of the CDDC within 90 calendar days of such Calculation Agent's determination, 
the Calculation Agent shall defer to such CDDC determination for the purposes of the Securities 
provided that such CDDC determination is made at least five business day before the relevant 
maturity date and the Calculation Agent shall, within a reasonable time period, make all 
necessary amendments to the terms of the Securities or undertake all necessary actions to give 
effect to the adoption of the CDDC determination. 
37.
What are Fund Linked Securities? 
Amounts payable in respect of some Securities, as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms, will be 
calculated by reference to a fund or a basket of funds over a fixed period of time or on fixed 
dates. Such Securities are known as Fund Linked Securities.  
The funds that are referenced by such Securities are managed by fund management companies 
who select underlying fund components and manage such underlying fund components. 
38.
What are the Fund Linked Provisions? 
The Fund Linked Provisions deal with how the payments related to Fund Linked Securities are 
calculated, together with various other provisions in relation to Fund Shares which are 
referenced by Securities, namely:  
(i)
potential adjustment events (e.g., where the terms of the Fund Share have been adjusted 
in a dilutive or concentrative way), and their consequences for the Securities (e.g., 
adjustments to the terms and conditions);  
(ii)
fund events (e.g., fund insolvency, termination, merger or fund extraordinary events such 
as certain global events, net asset value and performance issues, trading matters, 
exceptional failures and regulatory and legal constraints) and their consequences for the 
Securities (e.g., adjustments, substitution of the fund, or early redemption); and 
(iii)
other events in relation to the fund (e.g., failure to pay full redemption proceeds or 
payment in kind to a holder of Fund Shares) and their consequences for the Securities 
(e.g., postponement and/or cancellation of the payment obligations).

--- Page 144 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
131 
39.
What are Rate Linked Securities? 
Amounts payable in respect of some Securities, as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms, will be 
calculated by reference to the performance of an interest rate which appears on a relevant screen 
page in respect of a relevant day or the performance of a swap rate for swap transactions in the 
specified currency with a designated maturity which appears on a relevant screen page in respect 
of a relevant day, in each case, over a fixed period of time or on fixed dates. Such Securities are 
known as Rate Linked Securities. 
40.
What are the Rate Linked Provisions? 
The Rate Linked Provisions deal with how the payments related to Rate Linked Securities are 
calculated with reference to an interest rate or a swap rate and the consequences where such rate 
does not appear on the relevant page and is not published by the administrator or an authorised 
distributor or were to be discontinued or modify its methodology or be declared unrepresentative 
by its administrator of the market or economic reality that it is intended to measure. 
The Rate Linked Provisions allow the Calculation Agent to determine the rate by having regard 
to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market), including by reference to 
the rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the rate or supervisor or 
competent authority and the rate last provided or published by the administrator. 
In addition, following the occurrence of an index cessation/benchmark event, the Calculation 
Agent may determine the rate by (i) in the case of a Swap Rate, replacement of the original rate 
with an alternative rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the rate or 
relevant supervisor or competent authority or (ii) where Generic Permanent Fallback applies, 
replacement of the original rate with a substitute or successor rate that it has determined is the 
industry-accepted standard in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market), or if it determines there is none, a commercially reasonable alternative to such rate. 
Adjustment provisions in the Rate Linked Provisions allow the Calculation Agent to amend the 
terms and conditions of the Rate Linked Securities so that they continue to produce a 
commercially reasonable result following the occurrence of an index cessation/benchmark 
event. In certain circumstances following the occurrence of such events, the Rate Linked 
Securities will be redeemed (see Commonly Asked Question 23 (Under what circumstances 
may the Securities be redeemed or terminated before their stated maturity?) above). 
41.
What is an "Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event" and what are its consequences? 
An "Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event" is one or more of the following events (in each 
case, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms): 

an "Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions Event" - in broad terms, due to a change in law 
relating to financial sanctions and embargo programmes (or change in interpretation of 
such law), it becomes illegal or is likely to become illegal for the Hedging Entity to 
perform its obligations under hedging transactions in relation to the relevant Securities. 
For this purpose, "Hedging Entity" means each of the Issuer and any affiliate(s) of the 
Issuer and any entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer engaged in any underlying 
or hedging transactions relating to the Securities and/or Reference Assets in respect of 
the Issuer's obligations under the Securities. However, an Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions 
Event also occurs where, due to a change in law relating to financial sanctions and 
embargo programmes (or change in interpretation of such law), it becomes illegal or is 
likely to become illegal for the Related Hedging Entity to perform its obligations under 
hedging transactions in relation to the relevant Securities, as if the Related Hedging 
Entity was a party to such hedging transactions. For this purpose, the "Related Hedging 
Entity" means JPMorgan Chase & Co. Therefore, it is possible that an Extraordinary 
Hedge Sanctions Event could occur in relation to your Securities even if the particular 
Hedging Entity is not directly affected by the change in law but JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
would be affected by such change, were it a party to the hedging transactions. For 
example, a change in U.S. law may affect JPMorgan Chase & Co. but may not affect the

--- Page 145 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
132 
non-US entity in the JPMorgan Chase group acting as the Hedging Entity, but this may 
nevertheless trigger an Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions Event, which may lead to early 
redemption of the Securities. The rationale for the extension of Extraordinary Hedge 
Sanctions Event to JPMorgan Chase & Co. in addition to the Hedging Entity is that the 
corporate policy of JPMorgan Chase may require global uniformity with sanction 
regimes, even where a sanction only applies to JPMorgan Chase & Co.; 

an "Extraordinary Hedge Bail-in Event" - in broad terms, the Hedging Entity or its 
counterparty becomes subject to a resolution regime and, as a result, the obligations of 
the Hedging Entity or its counterparties under hedging transactions in relation to the 
Securities are subject to the exercise of a "bail-in" or other resolution power by the 
relevant resolution authority (or it is likely that the resolution authority will exercise a 
"bail-in" or other resolution power within the next 90 days) or there is otherwise a 
material adverse effect on such hedging transactions; or  

an "Extraordinary Hedge Currency Disruption Event" - in broad terms, a 
governmental authority introduces, or is likely to introduce within the next 90 days, a 
new currency and/or capital controls and, as a result, the payment obligations under the 
hedge transactions relating to the Securities are redenominated into another currency 
and/or are subject to capital controls and/or such hedge transactions are otherwise 
materially adversely affected. 
The Issue Terms of the relevant Securities will specify whether or not any of the three events 
described above is applicable or not in relation to those Securities. If an event may be both an 
Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event and a "Payment Disruption Event" (as described in 
Commonly Asked Question 20 (What is a "Payment Disruption Event" and what are its 
consequences?)) and the Issuer elects to early redeem or terminate (as applicable) the Securities, 
the consequences relating to Payment Disruption Events described in Commonly Asked 
Question 20 (What is a "Payment Disruption Event" and what are its consequences?) will not 
apply. 
If an 'Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event' occurs, the Issuer may redeem or terminate the 
Securities earlier than the specified maturity or settlement date and repay the Holder an Early 
Payment Amount. The Early Payment Amount may be less than the price at which you 
purchased the Securities. See Risk Factor 5.1 "The Securities may be redeemed or terminated 
(as applicable) prior to their scheduled maturity for various unforeseen reasons, and in such 
case you may receive back less than your original investment and you may not be able to reinvest 
the proceeds in an equivalent investment" and Risk Factor 5.4 "Where applicable, the Securities 
may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior to their scheduled maturity due to the 
occurrence of an Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event" above.

--- Page 146 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
133 
OVERVIEW OF THE POTENTIAL FOR DISCRETIONARY DETERMINATIONS BY THE 
CALCULATION AGENT AND THE ISSUER 
Under the terms and conditions of your Securities, following the occurrence of certain events outside of 
its control, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer (as applicable) may exercise discretion to take one or more 
actions available to it in order to deal with the impact of such events on the Securities and (if specified 
to be applicable to the particular issue of Securities) the Issuer's hedging arrangements. Any such 
discretionary determination by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer could have a negative impact 
on the value of and return on the Securities and (amongst other things) could result in their early 
redemption.
Below is an overview of the types of events that could give rise to a discretionary determination by the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer and the actions available to them to deal with the impact of such events. 
The specific events and available actions will vary depending on the particular issue of Securities: you 
should also read the Conditions of the Securities (set out in "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" of 
this Base Prospectus below) read together with the relevant Issue Terms which will specify the particular 
elections. 
In addition, where the Securities are Belgian Securities, the overview set out in paragraphs 1 to 10 below 
are subject to paragraph 11 below. 
1.
What are the types of events that could give rise to a discretionary determination by the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer? 
There are two broad types of external events which could trigger a discretionary determination 
to be made by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer:  
(i)
external events affecting the floating rate Securities and the Reference Asset(s) – see 
paragraph 4 and, in respect of Credit Linked Securities, paragraph 6 below; and 
(ii)
external events affecting the Issuer's hedging arrangements - see paragraph 5 below.  
Under the terms and conditions of the Securities, there are also other types of events which 
could trigger a discretionary determination by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer. For example, 
if the Issuer's obligations under the Securities become or will become illegal or certain taxation 
events occur, the Calculation Agent may adjust the terms of the Securities or may determine 
that the Securities shall redeem early. See, respectively, General Condition 16 (Early 
Redemption or Termination for Illegality) and General Condition 18 (Taxation and Early 
Redemption or Termination for Taxation) in "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" below, 
together with "Risk Factors" generally and Commonly Asked Question 23 (Under what 
circumstances may the Securities be redeemed or terminated before their stated maturity?). 
Further events which could trigger a discretionary determination by the Calculation Agent or 
the Issuer include disruption events in relation to the Reference Asset(s), currency disruption 
events and setting final values for an offering – see paragraph 7 below. 
Some of the events will only apply to certain types of Reference Asset(s) and may only apply 
in relation to any particular issuance of Securities if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
2.
If such an event occurs, what are the discretionary determinations that the Calculation 
Agent or Issuer may take? 
Broadly, depending on the terms of the particular issue of Securities (and bearing in mind that 
different terms may apply to different types of Reference Asset(s) and where specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and subject as provided in paragraph 6 below), the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer (as applicable) may take one or more of the following actions 
in order to deal with the effect of the events outlined above: 
2.1
Adjustments: In respect of:

--- Page 147 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
134 
(a)
Share Linked Securities, Index Linked Securities, Commodity Linked Securities, FX 
Linked Securities and Rate Linked Securities, the Calculation Agent may adjust the terms 
and conditions of the Securities to account for the economic effect of the external event on the 
Reference Asset(s) and (where specified to be applicable) on its hedging arrangements, and to 
preserve the original economic objective and rationale of the Securities. This may include 
adjustments to the amount(s) payable and/or any variable relevant to payment or delivery under 
the Securities; and  
(b)
Fund Linked Securities, if an Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and/or In-kind Redemption 
Proceeds Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent may defer the date of payment of the 
relevant amount under the Securities, and adjust the amount payable under the Securities to 
account for such event (including to reduce the amount payable on the scheduled payment date, 
and to determine whether any further amounts may be payable to reflect any amounts received 
or realised upon a redemption of the relevant fund shares). If an Unpaid Redemption Proceeds 
Event continues to subsist and/or there are still outstanding in-kind redemption proceeds 
which have not been realised one year from the scheduled relevant payment date, then any 
outstanding payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of such outstanding amounts shall 
be deemed to be fully discharged without any further payment to an investor.
2.2
Substitution: In respect of:
(a)
Share Linked Securities, where "Share Substitution" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, following an Extraordinary Event (as described below), the Calculation 
Agent may substitute the Reference Asset(s) with a replacement asset satisfying the criteria set 
out in the Share Linked Provisions. The Calculation Agent may also make adjustments to the 
terms and conditions of the Securities to account for the Extraordinary Event and the 
replacement of the original Reference Asset, and to preserve the original economic objective 
and rationale of the Securities; and 
(b)
Fund Linked Securities, following the occurrence of a Fund Event, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustments to the terms of the Securities will achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, the Calculation Agent shall determine to (i) replace the affected Fund with a 
replacement fund as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) if no replacement fund is 
specified, or if any specified replacement fund has been discontinued or is subject to disruption, 
then the Calculation Agent would replace the affected Fund with a specified cash index, or (iii) 
if no cash index is specified, then the Calculation Agent may select a replacement fund or index 
(or replacement fund basket or index basket) satisfying the criteria set out in the Fund Linked 
Provisions. 
2.3
Early Redemption: The Issuer may early redeem the Securities by payment of the Early 
Payment Amount instead of the Final Redemption Amount, Redemption Amount or Settlement 
Amount, as applicable, and no other amounts shall be payable in respect of the Securities on 
account of interest or otherwise following such determination by the Issuer. See Risk Factor 5.1 
"The Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior to their scheduled maturity 
for various unforeseen reasons, and in such case you may receive back less than your original 
investment and you may not be able to reinvest the proceeds in an equivalent investment" above 
and Commonly Asked Question 25 (How is the Early Payment Amount calculated?) above. 
3.
Why is it necessary for the Calculation Agent and the Issuer to make such discretionary 
determinations following the occurrence of such events? 
The Issuer cannot continue to perform its obligations under the Securities or its related hedging 
arrangements if they become or will become illegal. In that case, the Issuer may need to (a) 
adjust the terms of the Securities so that it is no longer illegal for it to perform its obligations, 
or (b) early redeem or settle the Securities. It may also be illegal or impracticable for the Issuer 
to perform its obligations under the Securities following events which have withholding tax 
implications, changes to sanctions laws, currency disruption events (e.g., departure of a relevant 
country from Eurozone) and resolution proceedings which impact the Issuer's hedging 
arrangements.

--- Page 148 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
135 
Where the Securities are linked to one or more Reference Assets, the investment objective of 
the Securities is to allow an investor to gain an economic exposure to the Reference Asset(s). If 
a Reference Asset is materially impacted by an unexpected event (e.g., a company merges and 
the original stock that formed a Reference Asset is restructured or changed, or the rules of an 
index that is a Reference Asset are materially modified) then it may not be possible to achieve 
the investment objective of the Securities based on the original terms and conditions of the 
Securities. The Issuer will need to make certain discretionary determinations in order to preserve 
the original economic objective and rationale of the Securities.  
In addition, if the usual source which is used to value the Reference Asset is disrupted such that 
it is not reporting a value when it is needed under the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Securities, then the Calculation Agent may need to make a discretionary determination of such 
value. Likewise, if a relevant currency is disrupted (e.g., capital controls are introduced or the 
currency is replaced with another), then the currency may need to be replaced at a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion or another discretionary action taken.  
Further, the Issuer and/or its affiliates may enter into hedging arrangements in order to manage 
its exposure in relation to its payment obligations under the Securities and to enable it to issue 
the Securities at the relevant price and on the relevant terms. If the amount(s) payable by the 
Issuer under the Securities depend on the performance of the Reference Asset(s) or an interest 
rate, the hedging arrangements may involve (a) holding the Reference Asset(s) directly, or (b) 
entering into derivative contracts with counterparties to receive a corresponding economic 
exposure to the Reference Asset(s) or the relevant interest rate, or to hedge the interest rate, 
currency rate or price risk in relation to the Reference Asset(s) or the Securities. The exercise 
of the Issuer's discretion is necessary if an external event occurs subsequent to the issuance of 
the Securities which negatively impacts the Issuer's hedging arrangements or the costs of 
maintaining such hedging arrangements. Such external events are unlikely to have been 
reflected in the original pricing of the Securities. 
4.
What are the types of external events affecting the floating rate Securities or the Reference 
Asset(s) which could trigger discretionary determinations, and what sorts of 
determinations will be made? 
The external event that is most likely to affect Floating Rate Notes, Floating Rate Coupon 
Certificates or Rate Linked Securities will be where (i) the rate of interest or coupon rate or 
reference rate is unavailable or permanently discontinued, (ii) there has been a public statement 
or publication of information by the relevant regulatory supervisor or administrator announcing 
that the rate of interest or coupon rate or reference rate is no longer representative of the market 
or economic reality that it is intended to measure or (iii) there has been a material change in the 
methodology or formula of the rate of interest or coupon rate or reference rate. 
If such external events occur, the rate of interest or coupon rate or reference rate on any 
Securities which reference such rate will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback 
provisions applicable to such Securities. The Calculation Agent may determine to obtain the 
rate of interest or coupon rate or reference rate in accordance with the following methodologies: 
(i)
where the rate is a Compounded RFR, the rate shall be replaced by the applicable 
Recommended Fallback Rate. Where the Recommended Fallback Rate is used, the 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustments that it determines to be appropriate, if 
any, to any one or more of the Conditions or other terms of the Securities, including, 
without limitation, any Condition or term relevant to the settlement or payment under the 
Securities, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to preserve the economics of 
the Securities and to otherwise account for such replacement; 
(ii)
where the rate is a Compounded Index, the rate shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to: 
(a)
the last published level of the applicable Compounded Index; 
(b)
the benchmark methodology for the applicable Compounded Index, as published 
by the administrator thereof; and

--- Page 149 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
136 
(c)
the Underlying RFR, as provided by the administrator of the Underlying RFR for 
each day in respect of which the Underlying RFR is required for such 
determination; 
(iii)
where the rate is a Compounded Index and the Underlying RFR has been discontinued, 
the rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to: 
(a)
the last published level of the applicable Compounded Index; 
(b)
the benchmark methodology for the applicable Compounded Index, as published 
by the administrator thereof; and 
(c)
the rate that would apply for derivative transactions referencing the 2021 
Definitions with respect to the applicable Underlying RFR; 
(iv)
where the rate is a Swap Rate, the rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the alternative rate of interest or coupon rate or reference rate formally 
recommended by (in the following order): 
(a)
the central bank for the currency in which the rate is denominated; or 
(b)
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank, the central bank (if 
different) or other supervisor responsible for supervising (i) the rate, or (ii) the 
administrator of the rate; or 
(c)
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank or supervisor, any 
working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by any such central 
bank or supervisor, or any group thereof, or 
(d)
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (a), (b) or (c), the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof, or 
(e)
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (a), (b), (c) or (d), where 
such alternative rate of interest or coupon rate or reference rate is substantially 
the same as the rate, the administrator, 
provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no such alternative rate of 
interest or coupon rate or reference rate, the rate shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to such other reference rate(s) and/or price source(s) and/or 
combination thereof that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially 
reasonable alternative to the rate. 
Notwithstanding the above, where (a) the rate is not a rate in respect of which a determination 
methodology is specified in any of paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, or (b) the rate is a 
rate in respect of which a determination methodology is specified in any of paragraphs (i), (ii), 
(iii) and (iv) above and "Generic Permanent Fallback" is specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate in respect of such Securities in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, 
as: 
(i)
a substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source that it has 
determined is the industry-accepted standard in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source for the relevant rate; or 
(ii)
if it determines there is no such industry-accepted standard in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, index, 
benchmark or other price source, then a substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark 
or other price source that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the 
rate, taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market),

--- Page 150 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
137 
provided that (i) any such substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source 
may (without limitation) comprise a replacement rate which is determined on a backwards-
looking compounding basis by reference to a "risk-free rate"; (ii) there may be more than one 
such substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source (which may be applied 
as of one or more effective dates); (iii) the replacement rate may include an adjustment factor 
or adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative); and (iv) the terms and conditions of 
the Securities may be subject to adjustment as described in the paragraph immediately below. 
If the Calculation Agent determines the rate of interest or coupon rate or reference rate in 
accordance with the above, it may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, 
if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any 
other terms of the Securities to account for such change to the method of determination of the 
rate of interest or coupon rate or reference rate, including in order to reduce or eliminate any 
change in the economic value of the Securities from such change to the method of determination 
of the rate of interest or coupon rate or reference rate. Any such adjustment(s) may include an 
adjustment factor and/or adjustment spread together with any technical, administrative or 
operational changes. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the application of these provisions (i) would not achieve 
a commercially reasonable result (because it is not possible or commercially reasonable to 
identify a replacement or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source or relevant 
adjustments or for any other reason) and/or (ii) is or would be unlawful at any time under any 
applicable law or regulation or it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements to 
determine the interest or coupon amount upon in accordance with the terms of such provisions, 
the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the 
Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal 
to the Early Payment Amount (subject to as provided in the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Securities). In such case, you may lose some or all of your investment. See General Condition 
4.2(c) (Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark 
Event), General Condition 8.2(c) (Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) or Rate Linked Provision 2.2 (Index Cessation/Benchmark 
Event) and 3 (Administrator/Benchmark Event), as applicable. 
The external events that may affect a Reference Asset will vary depending on the type of 
Reference Asset and are summarised in the table below. For the purpose of this section, a 
Reference Asset can be a Share, an Index, a Commodity, a Commodity Index, an FX Rate, a 
Fund or a Reference Rate. 
Type(s) 
of 
Reference 
Asset 
Type of event 
Summary of the event(s) 
Type of Consequence 
Equity Share, 
ETF or Fund 
Potential 
Adjustment 
Events 
Corporate actions which have 
a dilutive or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value 
of the share or fund share (as 
applicable) (e.g., a stock split 
or a distribution payment to 
holders of the shares or fund 
shares) 
Adjustments 
(as 
described in paragraph 
2.1(a) above)  
Equity Share 
Extraordinary 
Events 
Events 
which 
materially 
impact the business of the 
share issuer, such as a merger 
event, a tender offer, the 
nationalisation of the relevant 
shares or assets of the share 
issuer, 
the 
share 
issuer 
becomes 
insolvent 
or 
a 
EITHER 
Adjustments 
(as 
described in paragraph 
2.1(a) above) 
OR

--- Page 151 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
138 
delisting of the relevant shares 
on an exchange 
Substitution 
(as 
described in paragraph 
2.2(a) above) 
OR 
(if 
the 
above 
options will not lead to 
a 
commercially 
reasonable 
result), 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
ETF 
Extraordinary 
Events 
(i) Events which materially 
impact the business of the ETF 
share issuer, such as a merger 
event, a tender offer, the 
nationalisation of the relevant 
shares or assets of the share 
issuer, 
the 
share 
issuer 
becomes 
insolvent 
or 
a 
delisting of the relevant shares 
on an exchange,  
(ii) the failure to publish the 
net asset value of the share of 
the ETF or  
(iii) a material change in the 
formula for, or the method of, 
calculating 
the 
underlying 
index of the ETF 
First, Adjustments (as 
described in paragraph 
2.1(a) above) 
Second, 
Substitution 
with a replacement ETF 
(and Calculation Agent 
in its sole discretion 
will 
determine 
the 
appropriate 
date 
for 
such substitution) 
Third, Substitution with 
replacement index (and 
Calculation Agent in its 
sole 
and 
absolute 
discretion will make 
any 
adjustments 
as 
appropriate to account 
for such substitution)  
OR Fourth, (if the 
Calculation Agent is 
unable to or does not 
pick 
a 
replacement 
index) 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above)  
Successor 
Index 
Event 
(ETF) 
The index underlying the ETF 
is 
either 
calculated 
and 
announced by a successor 
sponsor or replaced by a 
successor index (using the 
same (or substantially similar) 
formula) 
Replace with successor 
index 
(and 
any 
adjustments 
as 
appropriate to account 
for such successor) 
(if 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
does 
not 
determine a successor 
index) 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Commodity 
Successor to a 
Commodity 
The 
commodity 
reference 
price (a) is calculated and 
announced by a successor 
Replace with successor 
commodity 
reference 
price (and, in the case of

--- Page 152 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
139 
Reference 
Price 
entity to the original price 
source for such commodity 
reference price, or (b) is 
replaced 
by 
a 
successor 
reference price (calculated 
using 
the 
same 
(or 
substantially 
similar) 
formula), or (c) ceases to be 
calculated or announced by the 
price source, and/or formula or 
method of calculating the 
commodity reference price 
materially changes, but one or 
more prices in respect of the 
same Commodity exists and 
such prices are generally 
accepted or recognised as 
successor 
prices 
to 
the 
commodity reference price 
(c), 
the 
Calculation 
Agent may determine 
which of the successor 
prices shall replace the 
commodity 
reference 
price) 
Administrator/ 
Benchmark 
Event 
Any 
authorisation, 
registration, 
recognition, 
endorsement, 
equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion 
in any official register in 
respect of the commodity 
reference 
price 
or 
the 
administrator or sponsor of the 
commodity reference price has 
not been, or will not be, 
obtained or has been, or will 
be, 
rejected, 
refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by 
the 
relevant 
competent 
authority or other relevant 
official 
body, 
or 
any 
prohibition by a relevant 
competent authority or other 
relevant official body 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Non-compliant 
Fallbacks 
It would be unlawful or 
contradictory 
to 
any 
applicable 
licensing 
requirements 
for 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
to 
determine 
the 
commodity 
reference price or make any 
other determination in respect 
of the Securities which it 
would otherwise be obliged to 
do so 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Equity Index, 
Commodity 
Index 
Successor 
Index Sponsor 
or 
Successor 
Index 
The index is either calculated 
and announced by a successor 
sponsor or replaced by a 
successor index (using the 
same (or substantially similar) 
formula 
Replace with successor 
index 
(and 
any 
adjustments 
as 
appropriate to account 
for such successor)

--- Page 153 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
140 
Index 
Adjustment 
Events or 
Commodity 
Index 
Adjustment 
Events 
Events 
which 
materially 
impact on the calculation of 
the index - for example, the 
relevant sponsor cancels the 
index, fails to calculate the 
level of the index or materially 
changes 
the 
formula 
for 
calculating the index 
Calculate the relevant 
level of the index 
If 
not 
reasonably 
practical (taking into 
account 
the 
costs 
involved) to calculate 
the index, rebase the 
Securities 
against 
another index (or basket 
of indices) comparable 
to the original index 
(and any adjustments as 
appropriate to account 
for such rebasing) 
(if 
the 
Calculation 
Agent determines that 
there is no comparable 
index or that it would 
not 
produce 
a 
commercially 
reasonable result) 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Non-compliant 
Fallbacks 
It would be unlawful or 
contradictory 
to 
any 
applicable 
licensing 
requirements 
for 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
to 
determine the level of index or 
make any other determination 
in respect of the Securities 
which it would otherwise be 
obliged to do so 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
FX Rate 
Successor 
Currency 
Where a country has lawfully 
eliminated, 
converted, 
redenominated or exchanged 
its currency (which is the 
reference currency for the 
Securities) for a successor 
currency 
The Calculation Agent 
will 
calculate 
the 
relevant amounts in the 
successor currency by 
applying the ratio for 
converting the original 
currency 
to 
the 
successor 
currency 
based 
on 
(a) 
the 
exchange rate set forth 
by the relevant country, 
or (b) determine the 
relevant exchange rate 
for such conversion, 
unless the successor 
currency in Euro, in 
which 
case 
the 
replacement shall be 
determined 
in 
accordance with the 
applicable laws

--- Page 154 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
141 
Rebasing 
of 
Securities 
Where the Calculation Agent 
is not able to obtain a value for 
the relevant FX rate, due to the 
relevant currencies for such 
FX rate ceasing to exist other 
than 
for 
a 
temporary 
disruption 
Rebase the Securities 
against another FX rate 
comparable 
to 
the 
original FX rate 
(if 
the 
Calculation 
Agent determines that 
there is no comparable 
FX rate) 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Administrator/ 
Benchmark 
Event 
Any 
authorisation, 
registration, 
recognition, 
endorsement, 
equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion 
in any official register in 
respect of the relevant FX rate 
or the administrator or sponsor 
of the relevant FX rate has not 
been, or will not be, obtained 
or has been, or will be, 
rejected, refused, suspended or 
withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other 
relevant official body, or any 
prohibition by a relevant 
competent authority or other 
relevant official body 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Non-compliant 
Fallbacks 
It would be unlawful or 
contradictory 
to 
any 
applicable 
licensing 
requirements 
for 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
to 
determine the relevant FX rate 
or 
make 
any 
other 
determination in respect of the 
Securities which it would 
otherwise be obliged to do so 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Fund 
Fund Events 
Events 
which 
materially 
impact the business of a fund, 
its management company or 
its service providers, including 
insolvency, 
a 
merger, 
termination 
of 
the 
fund, 
nationalisation of a fund, and 
any fund extraordinary events 
(such as litigations involving a 
fund, events which affect the 
calculation of the net asset 
value and performance of a 
fund, or which affect the 
trading 
of 
a 
fund, 
any 
operational failures, or other 
legal 
and 
regulatory 
constraints) 
First, Adjustments (as 
described in paragraph 
2.1(b) above) 
Second, 
Substitution 
(as 
described in paragraph 
2.2(b) above) 
Third, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that 
no 
adjustments 
will 
achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, or it 
is 
not 
commercially

--- Page 155 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
142 
practicable to select a 
substitution 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Unpaid 
Redemption 
Proceeds 
Event 
and/or 
In-kind 
Redemption 
Proceeds 
Event 
Where a hypothetical investor 
holding the relevant fund 
shares in a fund would, if they 
were to apply for a redemption 
of such fund shares, (a) not 
receive in full (or substantially 
the full) the amount payable 
within the time limit specified 
in the relevant fund offering 
document, and/or (b) receive 
any in-kind distribution per 
fund share in full or part 
satisfaction of the amount 
payable in respect of such 
redemption 
Adjustments 
(as 
described in paragraph 
2.1(b) above) 
Reference 
Rate 
Index 
Cessation 
/ 
Benchmark 
Event 
Where the rate were to be 
discontinued or be declared 
unrepresentative 
by 
its 
administrator of the market or 
economic reality that it is 
intended to measure 
SWAP RATES 
EITHER 
Replace 
with 
alternative 
recommended rate or if 
none, other rate that the 
Calculation 
Agent 
determines to be a 
commercially 
reasonable 
alternative 
(including Adjustments 
(as 
described 
in 
paragraph 2.1(a) above) 
OR 
(if 
the 
above 
options will not lead to 
a 
commercially 
reasonable 
result), 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
GENERIC 
PERMANENT 
FALLBACK 
EITHER 
Replace with industry-
accepted standard rate 
or if none, other rate 
that 
the 
Calculation 
Agent determines to be 
a 
commercially 
reasonable 
alternative 
(including Adjustments

--- Page 156 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
143 
(as 
described 
in 
paragraph 2.1(a) above) 
OR 
(if 
the 
above 
options will not lead to 
a 
commercially 
reasonable 
result), 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Administrator/ 
Benchmark 
Event 
Any 
authorisation, 
registration, 
recognition, 
endorsement, 
equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion 
in any official register in 
respect of the relevant rate or 
the administrator or sponsor of 
the relevant rate has not been, 
or will not be, obtained or has 
been, or will be, rejected, 
refused, 
suspended 
or 
withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other 
relevant official body, or any 
prohibition by a relevant 
competent authority or other 
relevant official body 
EITHER 
Adjustments 
(as 
described in paragraph 
2.1(a) above) 
OR  
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
5.
What are the types of external events affecting the Issuer's hedging arrangements which 
could trigger discretionary determinations, and what sorts of determinations will be 
made? 
There are a number of "Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event", as summarised in the following 
table (see General Condition 17 (Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event) in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities" below):  
Type of Event 
Summary of the event(s) 
Type of Consequence 
Extraordinary 
Hedge 
Sanctions 
Event 
A change in law relating to financial sanctions 
and embargo programmes makes the Issuer's 
and/or its affiliates' hedging transactions under 
the Securities illegal (or those of JPMorgan 
Chase & Co. as if it was party to such 
transactions). The rationale for the extension of 
Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions Event to 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. in addition to the 
Hedging Entity is that the corporate policy of 
JPMorgan Chase may require global uniformity 
with sanction regimes, even where a sanction 
only applies to JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Extraordinary 
Hedge 
Bail-in 
Event 
The 
Issuer and/or its affiliates or its 
counterparty under the relevant hedging 
transactions becomes subject to a European 
'resolution regime' and thereby subject to the 
exercise of a 'bail-in' or other resolution power

--- Page 157 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
144 
Extraordinary 
Hedge 
Currency 
Disruption 
Event 
A governmental authority introduces, or is 
likely to introduce, a new currency or capital 
controls and, as a result, the payment 
obligations under the hedge transactions 
relating to the Securities are redenominated into 
another currency or are subject to capital 
controls or are otherwise materially adversely 
affected 
In addition to the above, the external events that may affect the Issuer's hedging arrangements 
will vary depending on the type of Reference Asset and are summarised in table below:  
Type(s) 
of 
Reference 
Asset 
Type of event 
Summary of the event(s) 
Type of Consequence 
All 
(except 
Reference 
Rate) 
Change in law 
As a result of a change in any 
applicable law, or as a result of 
a change in the interpretation 
of any applicable law, it has 
(or, it will, within the next 15 
days prior to the maturity of 
the 
Securities), 
become 
unlawful or illegal to conduct 
its hedging arrangements in 
relation to the Securities (or, in 
the case of a fund only, the 
value of the fund shares are or 
will be materially adversely 
affected or the rights and 
remedies of a hypothetical 
investor holding the relevant 
fund shares are or will be 
materially adversely affected) 
Adjustments 
(as 
described in paragraph 
2.1(a) above) 
OR (in the case of Share 
Linked 
Securities, 
Index Linked Securities 
and 
Fund 
Linked 
Securities) 
AND/OR (in the case of 
Commodity 
Linked 
Securities 
and 
FX 
Linked Securities) 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Change in law-
Increased Cost 
As a result of a change in any 
applicable law, it will incur a 
materially increased cost in 
performing 
its 
obligations 
under the Securities 
Hedging 
Disruption 
An event which impacts the 
ability of the Issuer and/or its 
affiliates to hedge the risk of 
the Issuer issuing, entering 
into 
and 
performing 
its 
obligations 
under 
the 
Securities (e.g., if the Issuer is 
unable to enter into a hedge or 
to realise the proceeds of a 
hedge) 
Taxation 
Events 
The Issuer becomes subject to 
withholding tax on payments 
made to it as a result of 
Holders failing to provide 
information 
required 
by 
FATCA, there is a substantial 
likelihood that it will violate 
any requirement of, or an 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above)

--- Page 158 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
145 
agreement entered into with a 
taxing authority with respect 
to, FATCA or there is a 
substantial likelihood that a 
series of Securities will be 
treated, 
for 
U.S. 
federal 
income tax purposes, as being 
in bearer form. OR
The occurrence of certain 
taxation events with respect to 
the Securities or (if specified 
to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms) with respect to 
the Issuer's (or its affiliates') 
underlying 
hedging 
transactions. 
Equity Share 
and ETF 
Insolvency 
Filing 
An event which impacts on the 
transferability of the shares as 
a result of insolvency or 
similar proceedings affecting 
the share issuer 
Commodity 
and 
Commodity 
Index 
Commodity 
Hedging 
Disruption 
Event 
As a result of a change in any 
applicable law, it is contrary to 
such law for the Issuer and/or 
its affiliates to engage in any 
underlying 
or 
hedging 
transactions relating to the 
Securities and/or Reference 
Asset in respect of the Issuer's 
obligations 
under 
such 
Securities 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Reference 
Rate 
Hedging 
Disruption 
An event which impacts the 
ability of the Issuer and/or its 
affiliates to hedge the risk of 
the Issuer issuing, entering 
into 
and 
performing 
its 
obligations 
under 
the 
Securities (e.g., if the Issuer is 
unable to enter into a hedge or 
to realise the proceeds of a 
hedge) 
Adjustments 
(as 
described in paragraph 
2.1(a) above) 
OR 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
6.
What are the types of external events affecting the Reference Asset(s) in respect of Credit 
Linked Notes which could trigger discretionary determinations, and what sorts of 
determinations will be made? 
In respect of Credit Linked Securities, the Calculation Agent may make certain determinations 
relating to the Securities, including (but not limited to) the following: 
(a)
in the absence of a determination by the CDDC, whether an Event Determination Date 
has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity; 
(b)
where "Auction Settlement" does not apply, the Final Redemption Amount on the basis 
of bid quotations from third party dealers in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, 
including the selection of (A) the Valuation Obligations on which the final price will be

--- Page 159 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
146 
based, (B) third party dealers from which to obtain bid quotations, (C) the date for the 
valuation of the Valuation Obligations; 
(c)
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event (if applicable), to 
trigger an Event Determination Date in relation to a part or all of the Credit Position in 
respect of such Reference Entity (and, in respect of Single Name CLNs, triggering a 
redemption in part of the Securities);  
(d)
following a merger between the Reference Entity and the Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable) or if the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) and the Reference Entity 
become affiliates, whether to redeem the Securities early; and 
(e)
in the absence of a determination by the CDDC, the determination of any Successor(s) 
in respect of a Reference Entity; and 
(f)
where there are multiple Auctions held concurrently in respect of a Reference Entity, 
determining the Auction which will apply to the Securities. 
Holders should note that any determination and/or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall, 
in the absence of manifest error, be final and binding on the Issuer and the Holders. 
However, Holders should note that where a determination by the Calculation Agent is overruled 
by a decision of the CDDC within 90 calendar days of such Calculation Agent's determination, 
the Calculation Agent shall defer to such CDDC determination for the purposes of the Securities 
provided that such CDDC determination is made at least five business day before the relevant 
maturity date and the Calculation Agent shall, within a reasonable time period, make all 
necessary amendments to the terms of the Securities or undertake all necessary actions to give 
effect to the adoption of the CDDC determination. 
7.
Are there any other situations where the Calculation Agent or the Issuer may make 
discretionary determinations? 
(a)
Disruption events affecting the valuation of a Reference Asset 
If the Issuer determines that a disruption event in relation to a Reference Asset has 
occurred which affects the valuation of such Reference Asset on any relevant day, the 
Issuer may postpone, or apply alternative provisions for, the valuation of such Reference 
Asset (such as by making its own determination of the value of such Reference Asset). 
Such determination(s) may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities. 
(b)
Currency disruption events affecting the Issuer's ability to make payment 
If a payment disruption occurs, the Issuer may delay payment of any amounts due (or 
shortly to be due) under the Securities following the occurrence of certain currency 
disruption events which affect its ability to make such payment. If such event continues 
on the specified cut-off date, the Issuer will make payment of an equivalent amount of 
the relevant amount in U.S. Dollars on the extended date. If the U.S. Dollar is subject to 
inconvertibility, non-transferability, capital controls or other conditions affecting its 
availability, the Issuer's payment obligations under the Securities shall be written down 
to zero. Such events are unlikely to have been reflected in the original pricing of the 
Securities. 
(c)
Setting of certain indicative inputs by the Issuer 
Certain inputs (such as the rate of interest or participation level) which are used to 
calculate the amount(s) payable under the Securities may not be set by the Issuer at the 
start of the offer period, and may instead be determined by the Issuer at or after the close 
of the offer period. This is because the Issuer will need to take into account the market 
conditions at the time of the close of the offer period (such as the value of the Reference 
Asset, the prevailing interest rates, etc.) in order to be able to issue the Securities at the

--- Page 160 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
147 
relevant price and on the relevant terms. The final amount(s) set by the Issuer may be 
different to the indicative amount(s) specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
8.
How will the Calculation Agent and the Issuer make discretionary determinations? 
Unless the relevant discretionary term provides otherwise, all discretionary determinations by 
the Calculation Agent and the Issuer under the terms and conditions of the Securities shall be 
made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and (where there is already a 
corresponding applicable regulatory obligation on such party to exercise fair treatment) shall 
take into account whether fair treatment is achieved by any such discretionary determination in 
accordance with its applicable regulatory obligations. 
9.
When making discretionary determinations, are the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
obliged to consider the interests of Holders? 
No, the Calculation Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and the Guarantor and does not 
assume any obligations or duty to, or relationship of agency or trust for or with, any Holder. In 
making any determination or exercising any discretion, the Calculation Agent is not obliged to 
(and shall not) consider the individual interests or circumstances of any particular investor. The 
same is true for the Issuer. In making any determination, the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
shall take into account whether fair treatment is achieved by such determination in accordance 
with applicable regulatory obligations. 
10.
What is the effect of such event and/or action taken by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer 
on the Securities? 
Any of the above actions, if taken by the Issuer, may result in a reduced return on the Securities 
and/or have a material adverse impact on the value of the Securities. For example, the Early 
Payment Amount could be less than such investor's initial investment and may be reduced to 
zero. 
Further, if the Securities are redeemed or settled early prior to the scheduled maturity, an 
investor may be unable to reinvest the redemption proceeds in another investment at the time 
that provides an equivalent return. 
See Risk Factor 5.1 "The Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior to 
their scheduled maturity for various unforeseen reasons, and in such case you may receive back 
less than your original investment and you may not be able to reinvest the proceeds in an 
equivalent investment" in "Risk Factors" above and Commonly Asked Question 25 (How is the 
Early Payment Amount calculated?) above.  
11.
Will the Issuer notify me if such an event occurs and/or if it takes any of the above actions? 
Yes, the Issuer will generally give notice to Holders as soon as practicable upon making any 
adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Securities, or if it substitutes a Reference Asset 
with a replacement asset, or if the Issuer determines to early redeem the Securities or to pay the 
Early Payment Amount at maturity, or if the Issuer makes any other discretionary determination. 
12.
How does the overview set out in paragraphs 1 to 10 above differ for Securities which are 
Belgian Securities? 
Notwithstanding anything else in paragraphs 1 to 10 above to the contrary, in respect of 
Securities which are Belgian Securities only: 
(i)
all calculations and determinations and other exercises of discretion made by the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be made in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner; 
(ii)
whenever any matter falls to be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise 
decided upon by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other person, that matter shall 
be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by the

--- Page 161 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
148 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other person in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner; 
(iii)
any hedging arrangements shall not be taken into consideration by the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer or any other person in respect of any matter which falls to be determined, 
considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or any other person; 
(iv)
where the Calculation Agent or the Issuer makes adjustments to the terms of the 
Securities (without the prior consent of the Holders), the Calculation Agent or Issuer (as 
applicable) shall take all reasonable measures to continue the Securities under similar 
terms and conditions so that any adjustment or alteration made to the essential 
characteristics of the Securities is not substantial and is made in order to preserve the 
original economic rationale and objectives of the Securities; 
(v)
where the Calculation Agent or the Issuer substitutes or replaces a Reference Asset 
(without the prior consent of the Holders), the Calculation Agent or the Issuer (as 
applicable) may only replace the applicable original Reference Asset with a replacement 
asset which is as similar as possible to the original Reference Asset being replaced or 
substituted; and 
(vi)
the Holders may not be charged any costs (such as settlement cost) in relation to 
adjustments or replacements as described in paragraphs (iv) and (v) above.

--- Page 162 ---
General Conditions 
149 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
A 
INTRODUCTION ................................................................................................................ 151 
B 
FORM, DENOMINATION, TITLE, TRANSFER AND GUARANTEE OF THE 
SECURITIES ........................................................................................................................ 152 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title ..................................................................................... 152 
2. 
Transfers ...................................................................................................................... 160 
3. 
Guarantees and Status of the Securities ....................................................................... 163 
C 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO NOTES ONLY ........................................................... 164 
4. 
Interest and other Calculations under the Notes .......................................................... 164 
5. 
Redemption of Notes ................................................................................................... 184 
6. 
Payments ...................................................................................................................... 185 
7. 
Replacement of Notes .................................................................................................. 187 
D 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO CERTIFICATES ONLY ........................................... 187 
8. 
Certificate Coupon ....................................................................................................... 187 
9. 
Redemption Rights in respect of Certificates ............................................................... 207 
10. 
Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates .................................................................... 209 
E 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO WARRANTS ONLY ................................................. 210 
11. 
Exercise of Warrants .................................................................................................... 210 
F 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO NOTES, WARRANTS AND CERTIFICATES ...... 215 
12. 
Business Day ............................................................................................................... 215 
13. 
Payment Disruption ..................................................................................................... 216 
14. 
Physical Settlement ...................................................................................................... 218 
15. 
Events of Default ......................................................................................................... 221 
16. 
Early Redemption or Termination for Illegality .......................................................... 225 
17. 
Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event ........................................................................ 225 
18. 
Taxation and Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation ..................................... 228 
19. 
Agents .......................................................................................................................... 231 
20. 
Calculation Agent, Determination, Disclaimer of Liability and other terms ............... 232 
21. 
European Monetary Union ........................................................................................... 234 
22. 
Rounding...................................................................................................................... 235 
23. 
Meeting of Holders and Modifications ........................................................................ 236 
24. 
Purchase and Cancellation ........................................................................................... 245 
25. 
Further Issues ............................................................................................................... 245 
26. 
Notices ......................................................................................................................... 245 
27. 
Substitution .................................................................................................................. 247 
28. 
Prescription .................................................................................................................. 250 
29. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction .................................................................................. 250 
30. 
Third parties and waiver of trial by jury ...................................................................... 252

--- Page 163 ---
General Conditions 
150 
31. 
Definitions and Interpretation ...................................................................................... 253 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Securities (these "General Conditions") that, 
subject to completion (and, in the case of a Pricing Supplement (as defined below) subject to completion 
and amendment) in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Issue Terms (as defined below), shall 
be incorporated by reference into the Global Security representing each Tranche of Securities. In the 
case of Registered Securities in definitive form, either (i) the full text of these General Conditions together 
with the relevant provisions of the Issue Terms (as defined below), or (ii) these General Conditions as 
so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be 
endorsed on the registered certificates relating to any such Registered Securities (if applicable). 
The terms and conditions of the Securities comprise (i) these General Conditions, (ii) the applicable 
Payout Conditions and (iii) the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions, as completed by the issue 
specific details relating to the Securities as set out in the relevant Issue Terms (as defined below) 
(together, the "Terms and Conditions of the Securities"). The Issue Terms mean either (a) where the 
Securities are a tranche that are not Exempt Securities (as defined below), the issue specific details will 
be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") or (b) where the Securities are a tranche of 
Securities which are (i) neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area 
nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the EU Prospectus Regulation and (ii) neither admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the United Kingdom nor offered in the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the UK Prospectus Regulation ("Exempt Securities"), the issue specific 
details relating to such Exempt Securities will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the "Pricing 
Supplement") which may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or 
to the extent inconsistent with these General Conditions and/or the applicable Payout Conditions and/or 
the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions, replace or modify these General Conditions and/or 
the applicable Payout Conditions and/or the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions for the 
purposes of such Exempt Securities, and references to Issue Terms should be construed accordingly. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these General Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them in the Payout Conditions and the Reference Asset Linked Conditions, as completed (and, in the 
case of a Pricing Supplement, replaced and modified (if applicable)) by the relevant Issue Terms. 
References in these General Conditions to "Notes" or "Warrants" or "Certificates" are to the Notes, 
Warrants or Certificates of one Series only, not to all Securities that may be issued under the Programme. 
In the event of any inconsistency between any of the General Conditions, the applicable Payout 
Conditions, the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions and the relevant Issue Terms, the 
prevailing term will be determined in accordance with the following order of priority (where (i) prevails 
over the other terms): 
the relevant Issue Terms; 
the applicable Payout Conditions; 
the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions; and 
the General Conditions, 
provided that any term preceded with the phrase "notwithstanding anything else in these Terms and 
Conditions" (or a phrase of similar import) shall prevail over any inconsistent term in any other part of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. 
In the case of any issue of Securities under the Programme which is to be consolidated and form a single 
Series with an existing Series of Securities the first tranche of which was issued on or after 3 May 2013 
and prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, the terms and conditions of the securities from the relevant 
Base Prospectus (which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus), and not the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities, shall apply to all such Securities.

--- Page 164 ---
General Conditions 
151 
A. 
INTRODUCTION 
JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC ("JPMCFC"), J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. 
("JPMSP"), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (each an "Issuer" and together, 
the "Issuers") have established a structured products programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of 
notes ("Notes"), warrants ("Warrants") and certificates ("Certificates", and together with Notes and 
Warrants, "Securities"). The Securities are issued pursuant to an amended and restated agency 
agreement, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated and/or replaced as at the Issue Date (the 
"Agency Agreement") dated 17 April 2025 between JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC, J.P. 
Morgan Structured Products, B.V., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co., the 
Relevant Programme Agents and the other agents named therein.  
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. has guaranteed the due and punctual settlement of all obligations of JPMSP 
in respect of the Securities issued by JPMSP in a guarantee dated 17 April 2025, as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated and/or replaced as at the Issue Date, (the "JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Guarantee") and JPMorgan Chase & Co. has guaranteed the due and punctual settlement of all 
obligations of JPMCFC in respect of the Securities issued by JPMCFC in a guarantee dated 17 April 
2025, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated as at the Issue Date, (the "JPMorgan Chase & 
Co. Guarantee") (the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee and the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
Guarantee, each a "Guarantee" and together, the "Guarantees"). 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in its capacity as guarantor of Securities issued by JPMSP is referred to as 
the "JPMSP Guarantor" and JPMorgan Chase & Co. in its capacity as guarantor of Securities issued 
by JPMCFC is referred to as the "JPMCFC Guarantor" (the JPMSP Guarantor and the JPMCFC 
Guarantor, each a "Guarantor" and together, the "Guarantors"). 
The Securities, to the extent they are governed by English law, have the benefit of a deed of covenant 
dated 17 April 2025, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated and/or replaced as at the Issue 
Date (the "Deed of Covenant") given by the Issuers in relation to Securities cleared through Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Clearstream Banking AG, Eschborn, Euroclear 
Sweden AB, Euroclear Finland Oy, Euroclear Securities Oslo (Verdipapirsentralen ASA), Euronext 
Securities Copenhagen (VP Securities A/S), SIX SIS AG or CREST via the CREST Depository Interest, 
as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt, each purchaser and subsequent Holder of New York Law 
Notes is deemed to acknowledge and agree that such Notes shall not have the benefit of the Deed of 
Covenant, and the Deed of Covenant shall not apply in respect of such Notes (including following an 
Event of Default). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, each Guarantee, the forms of Global Securities 
and the Securities in definitive form (if applicable) are available for inspection at the specified office of 
the Relevant Programme Agent. 
The conditions governing the return on the Securities (other than Credit Linked Securities) and how it is 
calculated (the "Payout Conditions") and the provisions in respect of Share Linked Securities (the 
"Share Linked Provisions"), in respect of Index Linked Securities (the "Index Linked Provisions"), in 
respect of Commodity Linked Securities (the "Commodity Linked Provisions"), in respect of FX Linked 
Securities (the "FX Linked Provisions"), in respect of Credit Linked Securities (the "Credit Linked 
Provisions"), in respect of Fund Linked Securities (the "Fund Linked Provisions" and in respect of Rate 
Linked Securities (the "Rate Linked Provisions", and, together with the Payout Conditions, the Share 
Linked Provisions, the Index Linked Provisions, the Commodity Linked Provisions, the FX Linked 
Provisions, the Credit Linked Provisions and the Fund Linked Provisions, the "Reference Asset Linked 
Conditions") will, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, complete (and, in the case of 
a Pricing Supplement, replace and modify (if applicable)) the General Conditions. 
These General Conditions, as completed and/or amended by any applicable Payout Conditions and any 
applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions, in each case subject to completion (and, in the case of a 
Pricing Supplement, replacement and modification (if applicable)) in the relevant Issue Terms, shall be 
the conditions of the Securities (the "Conditions"). 
Securities issued under the Programme are issued in series (each, a "Series"), and each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches ("Tranches" and each, a "Tranche") of Securities. One or more Tranches

--- Page 165 ---
General Conditions 
152 
of Securities will be the subject of an issue terms (each, an "Issue Terms"), a copy of which may be 
obtained by Holders free of charge from the specified office of the Relevant Programme Agent.  
Capitalised terms used in these General Conditions have the meanings given in General Condition 31 
(Definitions and Interpretation). 
B. 
FORM, DENOMINATION, TITLE, TRANSFER AND GUARANTEE OF THE 
SECURITIES
1.
Form, Denomination and Title 
1.1
Form and Denomination 
(a)
Bearer Securities 
(i)
Bearer Securities other than French Bearer Securities: Bearer Securities (other than 
French Bearer Securities) are, if the relevant Issue Terms specifies: 
(A)
"Temporary Bearer Global Security exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Security", initially represented by a temporary global security (the "Temporary 
Bearer Global Security"); or 
(B)
"Permanent Bearer Global Security", initially represented by a permanent global 
security (the "Permanent Bearer Global Security"). 
If so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, Bearer Notes shall be issued in New Global 
Note ("NGN") form. Bearer Notes represented by Temporary Bearer Global Securities 
or Permanent Bearer Global Securities will be delivered to a common safekeeper (the 
"Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, if in NGN 
form. 
Bearer Securities will only be issued in global form and will not be issued in or 
exchangeable into Bearer Securities in definitive form, whether pursuant to the request 
of any Holder(s) or otherwise. Bearer Securities will not have any coupons, talons or 
receipts. 
(ii)
French Bearer Securities: Securities which are issued by JPMCFC or JPMSP in bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur) and inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting 
as central securities depository) which shall credit the accounts of Euroclear France 
Account Holders are "French Bearer Securities". Unless this possibility is expressly 
excluded in the relevant Issue Terms and to the extent permitted by applicable French 
law, the Issuer may, at any time, request from the central securities depositary, 
identification information of Holders of French Securities, the name or the company 
name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case 
may be, email address of such Holders.  
(b)
Registered Securities 
(i)
Registered Securities other than French Registered Securities, Danish Notes, Finnish 
Securities, Norwegian Securities, Swedish Securities, Swiss Securities and CREST CDI 
Securities: Registered Securities (other than French Registered Securities, Danish Notes, 
Finnish Securities, Norwegian Securities, Swedish Securities, Swiss Securities and 
CREST CDI Securities) are (in the case of Registered Notes) in the Specified 
Denomination(s) and (if the Registered Securities are in definitive form) represented by 
registered certificates and, in respect of Notes, each registered certificate shall represent 
the entire holding of Registered Securities by the same Holder. Registered Securities 
(other than French Registered Securities, Danish Notes, Finnish Securities, Norwegian 
Securities, Swedish Securities, Swiss Securities and CREST CDI Securities) are if the 
relevant Issue Terms specifies:

--- Page 166 ---
General Conditions 
153 
(A)
"Temporary Registered Global Security which is exchangeable for a Permanent 
Registered Global Security", initially represented by a temporary global security 
(the "Temporary Registered Global Security"); or 
(B)
"Permanent Registered Global Security", initially represented by a permanent 
global security (the "Permanent Registered Global Security"). 
If so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, Registered Notes in global form shall be held 
under the new safekeeping structure ("NSS") in which case the Temporary Registered 
Global Security or Permanent Registered Global Security will be deposited with a 
Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered in 
the name of a nominee of such Common Safekeeper. 
(ii)
French Registered Securities: Securities which are issued by JPMCFC or JPMSP in 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, at the option of the relevant Holder in 
either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of 
a Euroclear France Account Holder (and mirroring the inscriptions in the books 
maintained by the Issuer or the French Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, 
if applicable) or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the 
books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent (designated 
in the relevant Issue Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "French Registration 
Agent") are "French Registered Securities", and together with French Bearer 
Securities, are "French Securities". French Securities shall not be issued in or 
exchangeable into Securities in definitive form. Unless this possibility is expressly 
excluded in the relevant Issue Terms and to the extent permitted by applicable French 
law, the Issuer may, at any time, request from the central securities depositary, 
identification information of Holders of French Securities, the name or the company 
name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case 
may be, email address of such Holders.  
(iii)
Danish Notes: Notes which are issued by JPMSP in uncertificated and dematerialised 
book-entry form in accordance with the Danish Capital Markets Act (Consolidated Act 
No. 198 of 26 February 2024), as amended from time to time (Da: Kapitalmarkedsloven), 
and Executive Order No. 1175 of 31 October 2017 on registration (book-entry) of 
dematerialised securities in a centralised securities depository (CSD), as amended from 
time to time (Da: Bekendtgørelse om registrering af fondsaktiver i en værdipapircentral 
(CSD)), are "Danish Notes". Danish Notes shall be regarded as Registered Securities for 
the purposes of these General Conditions save to the extent the General Conditions are 
inconsistent with the VP Rules. Danish Notes shall not be issued in or exchangeable into 
Notes in definitive form. 
(iv)
Finnish Securities: Securities which are issued by JPMSP in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry 
System and Clearing Operations (in Finnish: laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja 
selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017), as amended) and the Finnish Act on Book Entry 
Accounts (in Finnish: laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991), as amended), with Euroclear 
Finland which is designated as the registrar in respect of the Finnish Securities (the 
"Finnish Registrar") are "Finnish Securities". Finnish Securities shall be regarded as 
Registered Securities for the purposes of these General Conditions save to the extent not 
otherwise provided herein or to the extent that the General Conditions are inconsistent 
with Euroclear Finland Rules. Finnish Securities shall not be issued in or exchangeable 
into Securities in definitive form. 
(v)
Norwegian Securities: Securities which are issued by JPMSP in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depositories Act (lov om verdipapirsentraler og verdipapiroppgjør mv. av 15. mars 
2019 nr. 6) are "Norwegian Securities". Norwegian Securities shall be regarded as 
Registered Securities for the purposes of these General Conditions save to the extent the 
General Conditions are inconsistent with the VPS Rules. Norwegian Securities shall not 
be issued in or exchangeable into Securities in definitive form.

--- Page 167 ---
General Conditions 
154 
(vi)
Swedish Securities: Securities which are issued by JPMSP in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the Swedish Central Securities 
Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om 
värdepapperscentraler och om kontoföring av finansiella instrument) are "Swedish 
Securities". Swedish Securities shall be regarded as Registered Securities for the 
purposes of these General Conditions save to the extent the General Conditions are 
inconsistent with the Swedish CSD Rules. Swedish Securities shall not be issued in or 
exchangeable into Securities in definitive form. 
(vii)
Swiss Securities: Securities which are cleared through SIX SIS and are either (a) issued 
in the form of uncertificated Securities (einfache Wertrechte) pursuant to article 973c of 
the Swiss Code of Obligations (Obligationenrecht) and entered into the main register 
(Hauptregister) of SIX SIS or (b) represented by a Global Security in registered form (a 
"Swiss Global Security") that is deposited with SIX SIS acting as central depository are 
"Swiss Securities". As a matter of Swiss law, once (a) Swiss Securities which are issued 
in the form of uncertificated securities (einfache Wertrechte) are entered into the main 
register (Hauptregister) of SIX SIS or (b) a Swiss Global Security is deposited with SIX 
SIS and, in either case, entered into the securities accounts of one or more participants 
of SIX SIS, such Swiss Securities will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) 
within 
the 
meaning 
of 
the 
Swiss 
Federal 
Intermediated 
Securities 
Act 
(Bucheffektengesetz) ("Intermediated Securities"). 
(viii)
CREST CDI Securities: Regulation S Securities issued by JPMSP and guaranteed by 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., that are to be accepted for settlement in Euroclear UK & 
International Limited ("CREST") via the CREST Depository Interest ("CDI") 
mechanism are "CREST CDI Securities". CREST CDI Securities of each Series will be 
represented on issue by a Permanent Registered Global Security which will be deposited 
on or about the Issue Date with a depository for the Relevant Clearing System. CREST 
CDI Securities will only be issued in registered form, without interest coupons attached, 
and will not be issued in bearer form. 
(ix)
Eurosystem Eligibility: Registered Notes held under the NSS and Bearer Notes issued in 
NGN form may, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, be issued with the intention 
that such Notes be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, either upon issue or at any time or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria as specified by the European Central Bank. However, there is no 
guarantee that such Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral. 
(c)
Exchange of Securities 
(i)
Exchange of Bearer Securities other than French Bearer Securities and German 
Securities: 
(A)
Temporary Bearer Global Securities 
Each Temporary Bearer Global Security will be exchangeable free of charge to 
the Holder on or after its Exchange Date and upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement: 
(1)
in whole or in part for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Security 
("Permanent Bearer Global Security"); or  
(2)
in whole but not in part for Registered Securities in definitive form, if, 
prior to its exchange for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Security 
in accordance with (1) above, (x) the Temporary Bearer Global Security 
is held on behalf of a Relevant Clearing System and any such clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than 
by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise), or has announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or in fact closes, or (y) if any 
Instalment Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Payment

--- Page 168 ---
General Conditions 
155 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Redemption Amount, Residual Cash 
Amount or Settlement Amount, as applicable, or any other amount due and 
payable that represents redemption in full, in respect of any Security 
represented by such Temporary Global Security is not paid when due by 
the Holder giving notice to the Principal Programme Agent and the 
Registrar of its election for such exchange, provided that, in the case of (x) 
above, the Issuer may instead procure that the Temporary Bearer Global 
Security is deposited with a successor or alternative clearing system where 
it is of the reasonable opinion that such transfer will not be prejudicial to 
the Holders. 
(B)
Permanent Bearer Global Securities 
Each Permanent Bearer Global Security will be exchangeable, free of charge to 
the Holder, on or after its Exchange Date in whole but not in part for Registered 
Securities in definitive form: 
(1)
by the relevant Issuer giving notice to the Holders, the Principal 
Programme Agent and the Registrar of its intention to effect such 
exchange; or 
(2)
otherwise (x) if the Permanent Bearer Global Security is held on behalf of 
a Relevant Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holidays, statutory or otherwise), or has announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or in fact closes or (y) if any Instalment 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Payment Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Redemption Amount, Residual Cash Amount or 
Settlement Amount, as applicable, or any other amount due and payable 
that represents redemption in full, in respect of any Security represented 
by such Permanent Bearer Global Security is not paid when due by the 
Holder giving notice to the Principal Programme Agent and the Registrar 
of its election for such exchange. 
(ii)
Exchange of German Securities: 
Each Temporary Bearer Global Security will be exchangeable, on or after its Exchange 
Date, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership for 
interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Security ("Permanent Bearer Global 
Security"). 
Each Temporary Bearer Global Security and Permanent Bearer Global Security will be 
kept in custody by the Relevant Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer under 
the German Securities have been satisfied.  
In relation to any German Securities in respect of which the relevant Issue Terms specify 
"Clearstream Frankfurt" to be the Relevant Clearing System, the principal amount (in the 
case of Notes) or number (in the case of Warrants and Certificates) of German Securities 
represented by the Temporary Bearer Global Security or Permanent Bearer Global 
Security (as the context may require) is evidenced by a register maintained for that 
purpose by Clearstream Frankfurt as agent for the Issuer, showing the aggregate principal 
amount (in the case of Notes) or aggregate number (in the case of Warrants and 
Certificates) of German Securities represented by the Temporary Bearer Global Security 
or the Permanent Bearer Global Security (as the context may require). 
(iii)
Exchange of Registered Securities (other than French Registered Securities, Danish 
Notes, Finnish Securities, Norwegian Securities, Swedish Securities and Swiss 
Securities):  
(A)
Temporary Registered Global Securities

--- Page 169 ---
General Conditions 
156 
Each Temporary Registered Global Security will be exchangeable, free of charge 
to the Holder, on or after its Exchange Date, in whole or in part upon certification 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement 
for interests in a Permanent Registered Global Security or for Registered 
Securities in definitive form, as the case may be. 
(B)
Permanent Registered Global Securities 
Each Permanent Registered Global Security will be exchangeable, free of charge 
to the Holder, on or after its Exchange Date in whole but not in part for Registered 
Securities in definitive form: 
(1)
by the relevant Issuer giving notice to the Holders and the Registrar of its 
intention to effect such exchange; or 
(2)
otherwise (x) if the Permanent Registered Global Security is held on behalf 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other Relevant Clearing 
System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory 
or otherwise), or has announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or in fact closes or (y) if any Instalment Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Early Payment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, 
Redemption Amount, Residual Cash Amount or Settlement Amount, as 
applicable, or any other amount due and payable that represents 
redemption in full, in respect of any Security represented by such 
Registered Global Security is not paid when due by the holder giving 
notice to the Registrar of its election for such exchange. 
(iv)
Exchange of Swiss Securities: Swiss Securities issued in uncertificated form or 
represented by a Swiss Global Security will in either case be exchangeable for Registered 
Securities in definitive form only in the limited circumstances described in the paragraph 
immediately below. No Holder of Swiss Securities will at any time have the right to 
effect or demand the conversion of such Swiss Securities into, or the delivery of, 
uncertificated securities (in the case of Swiss Securities represented by a Swiss Global 
Security) or Securities in definitive form (in the case of either Swiss Securities 
represented by a Swiss Global Security or Swiss Securities issued in uncertificated form). 
Swiss Securities will only be exchangeable for Registered Securities in definitive form 
(i) if the Swiss Programme Agent determines that SIX SIS has become permanently 
unable to perform its functions in relation to the relevant Swiss Securities as a result of 
its insolvency, force majeure or for regulatory reasons, and no substitute clearing system 
has assumed the functions of SIX SIS (including the function as depository of the Swiss 
Global Security) within 90 calendar days thereafter, or (ii) at the option of the Swiss 
Programme Agent if the Swiss Programme Agent determines that printing Registered 
Securities in definitive form is necessary or useful or required by Swiss or applicable 
foreign laws or regulations in connection with the enforcement of rights.  
Provided such printing is permitted by these General Conditions, the Issuer has 
irrevocably authorised the Swiss Programme Agent to arrange for the printing of 
Registered Securities in definitive form, in whole or in part, in the form agreed in the 
Agency Agreement.  
If Registered Securities in definitive form are printed, the Swiss Programme Agent will 
(i) in the case of Swiss Securities represented by a Swiss Global Security, cancel the 
Swiss Global Security deposited with SIX SIS and, in the case of printing only a portion 
of a Tranche of Swiss Securities, exchange such Swiss Global Security for a Swiss 
Global Security representing the Swiss Securities of such Tranche that are not printed or 
(ii) in the case of Swiss Securities issued as uncertificated securities (einfache 
Wertrechte), deregister such Swiss Securities from the uncertificated securities book 
(Wertrechtebuch) and, in each case, deliver the Registered Securities in definitive form 
to the relevant Holders. If Registered Securities in definitive form are issued, the Swiss

--- Page 170 ---
General Conditions 
157 
Programme Agent will maintain a register of the Holders for which Registered Securities 
in definitive form have been issued (the "Swiss Register") in accordance with U.S. 
Treasury Regulation section 5f.103-1(c)(1) and proposed U.S. Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.163-5(b)(1). In the case of Swiss Securities represented by a Swiss Global 
Security, prior to and as a condition to depositing such Swiss Global Security with a 
Relevant Clearing System (or issuing it to any person) other than SIX SIS, the Issuer 
shall obtain an opinion of United States tax counsel competent in such matters to the 
effect that, having regard to the applicable governing local law (for which purpose tax 
counsel may rely on an opinion of competent local counsel), amounts representing 
interest on the related Swiss Securities will be described in Section 871(h)(2)(B) or 
881(c)(2)(B) of the Code.  
(v)
Registered Securities in definitive form: Subject as otherwise provided in this General 
Condition 1.1(c), Registered Securities in definitive form may be exchanged or 
transferred in whole or in part for one or more Registered Securities in definitive form 
in respect of the same number of Securities. Registered Securities in definitive form will 
be substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. 
(vi)
Exchange of French Securities: French Securities in one form may not be exchanged for 
French Securities in any other form except as provided below. 
French Securities issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of 
the Holder, be converted into French Securities in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Holder 
shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Holder.
1.2
Title 
(a)
Title to Registered Securities (other than Danish Notes, Finnish Securities, Norwegian 
Securities, Swedish Securities, French Registered Securities and Swiss Securities) 
Subject as provided below, title to the Registered Securities shall pass by registration in the 
register (the "Register"). The Registrar will maintain the Register in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. In the case of Registered Securities in definitive form, 
"Holder" means, unless otherwise specified, the person in whose name a Registered Security is 
registered (as the case may be) or relating to it. 
(b)
Title to Securities (other than German Securities and Intermediated Securities) represented 
by a Global Security 
For so long as any of the Notes (other than Notes which are German Securities) are represented 
by a Global Note, or Warrants or Certificates (other than Warrants or Certificates which are 
German Securities) are represented by a Global Warrant or Global Certificate, as applicable (for 
the purposes of this paragraph each a "Global Security" and together the "Global Securities") 
held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the Holder of a principal amount or number of such Securities (in 
which regard any certificate or document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
to the principal amount or number of such Securities standing to the account of any person shall 
be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error or proven error) 
shall be treated by the relevant Issuer and the Agents as the Holder of such principal amount or 
number of such Securities for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal 
or interest (if any) on such principal amount of Securities or the coupon amount, redemption 
amount or settlement amount of Securities, for which purpose the common depository or, as the 
case may be, its nominee in respect of the relevant Registered Security shall be treated by the 
relevant Issuer and any Agent as the Holder of such principal amount or number of such 
Securities in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Global Security (and the expression 
"Holder" as used herein shall be construed accordingly).  
(c)
Title to Danish Notes

--- Page 171 ---
General Conditions 
158 
Title to Danish Notes shall pass by registration in the VP in accordance with the VP Rules. In 
respect of Danish Notes, "Holder" means the person in whose name the Danish Notes are 
registered in the VP and shall include any person duly authorised to act as a nominee for the 
Notes. 
(d)
Title to Finnish Securities 
Title to Finnish Securities shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure 
to be kept by the Finnish Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement 
and Euroclear Finland Rules (the "Finnish Register"). Title to Finnish Securities shall pass by 
transfer from a Holder's book-entry securities account to another book-entry securities account 
within the Finnish Register (except where the Finnish Securities are nominee-registered and are 
transferred from one sub-account to another with the same nominee). In respect of Finnish 
Securities, "Holder" means the person on whose book-entry securities account the Finnish 
Securities are held including a nominee account holder, as the case may be. 
Each of the Issuer and the Finnish Programme Agent shall be entitled to obtain information on 
the Holders from the Finnish Register in accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
(e)
Title to Norwegian Securities 
Title to Norwegian Securities shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall 
procure to be kept with the Norwegian Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement and the VPS Rules (the "VPS Register"). The Issuer shall be entitled to 
obtain information from VPS in accordance with the VPS Rules. In respect of Norwegian 
Securities, "Holder" means the person in whose name a Security is registered and shall include 
any person duly authorised to act as nominee (forvalter) and registered for the Securities. 
By purchasing Norwegian Notes, each Holder is deemed to consent that the VPS may provide 
the Norwegian Programme Agent and/or the Issuer, upon request, information registered with 
the VPS relating to the Securities and the Holders. Such information shall include, but not be 
limited to, the identity of the registered Holder of the Securities, the residency of the registered 
Holder of the Securities, the number of Securities registered with the relevant Holder, the 
address of the relevant Holder, the account operator in respect of the relevant VPS account 
(Kontofører utsteder) and whether or not the Securities are registered in the name of a nominee 
and the identity of any such nominee. The Norwegian Programme Agent and/or the Issuer will 
only make use of and store such information to the extent this is required or deemed appropriate 
to fulfil their obligations in relation to the Securities. 
(f)
Title to Swedish Securities 
Title to Swedish Securities shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure 
to be kept by the Swedish Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement 
and the Swedish CSD Rules (the "Swedish Register"). In respect of Swedish Securities, 
"Holder" means the person in whose name a Security is registered and shall include any person 
duly authorised to act as a nominee (förvaltare) and registered for the Securities.  
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from the Swedish Register in accordance with 
the Swedish CSD Rules. 
(g)
Title to French Securities 
Title to French Securities will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L. 211-3 and R. 211-1 
of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical 
document of title (including depository certificates (certificats représentatifs) pursuant to 
Article R. 211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of French 
Securities. 
Title to French Bearer Securities and French Registered Securities in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such French Securities may only 
be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Euroclear France Account 
Holders. Title to French Registered Securities in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall

--- Page 172 ---
General Conditions 
159 
pass upon, and transfer of such French Registered Securities may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the French Registration Agent. 
In respect of French Securities, "Holder" means the person whose name appears in the account 
of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder or the Issuer or the French Registration Agent 
(as the case may be) as being entitled to such French Securities. 
(h)
Title to German Securities; Book-Entry Registrar 
In respect of German Securities, "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership 
interest or similar right in the Global Security. 
German Securities shall be transferable in accordance with applicable law and the terms and 
regulations of the Relevant Clearing System. 
In relation to any German Securities in respect of which the relevant Issue Terms specify 
"Clearstream Frankfurt" to be the Relevant Clearing System, the Issuer has entered into a book-
entry registration agreement with Clearstream Frankfurt and appointed Clearstream Frankfurt 
as its book-entry registrar (the "Book-Entry Registrar"). The Book-Entry Registrar has agreed 
to maintain (i) a register (the "Book-Entry Register") showing the interests of Clearstream 
Frankfurt accountholders in the Temporary Bearer Global Security or the Permanent Bearer 
Global Security, as the case may be and (ii) as agent of the Issuer, the additional register in 
accordance with General Condition 1.1(c)(ii) (Exchange of German Securities) and the sub-
paragraph below. 
With respect to any redemption of, or payment of an instalment on, or purchase and cancellation 
of, any of the German Securities represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Security or a 
Permanent Bearer Global Security the Issuer shall procure that details of any redemption, 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of such Temporary Bearer 
Global Security or such Permanent Bearer Global Security shall be entered accordingly in the 
Book-Entry Register by the Book-Entry Registrar and, upon any such entry being made, the 
principal amount (in the case of Notes) or number (in the case of Warrants and Certificates) of 
German Securities represented by such Temporary Bearer Global Security or such Permanent 
Bearer Global Security shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount (in the case of Notes) 
or aggregate number (in the case of Warrants and Certificates) of German Securities so 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled or by the aggregate amount of such instalment so paid, 
and appropriate entries shall be made in the Book-Entry Register. 
(i)
Title to Swiss Securities  
In the case of Intermediated Securities, (i) the legal holders of such Swiss Securities are each 
person holding any such Securities in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in such person's 
name or, in the case of intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), each intermediary 
(Verwahrungsstelle) holding any such Securities for its own account in a securities account 
(Effektenkonto) that is in such intermediary's name (and the expression "Holder" as used herein 
shall be construed accordingly), and (ii) such Securities may only be transferred by the entry of 
the transferred Securities in a securities account of the transferee. 
Notwithstanding the above, the relevant Issuer shall make all payments due to the Holders under 
the Swiss Securities to the Swiss Programme Agent and, upon receipt by such Swiss Programme 
Agent of the due and punctual payment of such funds in Switzerland, shall be discharged from 
its obligations to the Holders under the Swiss Securities to the extent of the funds received by 
such Swiss Programme Agent as of such date. 
In respect of any Swiss Securities in definitive form, title to the Swiss Securities shall pass by 
registration in the Swiss Register.  
(j)
Ownership 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction, or as required by law, the Holder of any 
Securities shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it

--- Page 173 ---
General Conditions 
160 
(or on the registered certificate) or its theft or loss (or that of the related registered certificate) 
and no person shall be liable for so treating the Holder. 
2.
Transfers 
2.1
Registered Securities held in a Relevant Clearing System 
(a)
Transfers of Registered Securities (other than Danish Notes, Finnish Securities, Norwegian 
Securities, Swedish Securities and Intermediated Securities) 
Transfers of Registered Securities (other than Danish Notes, Finnish Securities, Norwegian 
Securities, Swedish Securities and Intermediated Securities) which are held in a Relevant 
Clearing System may be effected only through the Relevant Clearing System(s) in which the 
Securities to be transferred are held.  
(b)
Transfer of Danish Notes 
Transfers of Danish Notes are effected on entry in the VP of an account transfer from a Holder's 
book-entry securities account to another securities book-entry account within the VP (except 
where the Danish Notes are nominee-registered and are transferred from one account to another 
account with the same nominee) in accordance with the VP Rules. 
(c)
Transfer of Finnish Securities 
Transfers of Finnish Securities are effected upon entry in the Finnish Register of an account 
transfer from a Holder's book-entry securities account to another securities book-entry account 
(except where the Finnish Securities are nominee-registered and are transferred from one sub-
account to another sub-account with the same nominee) in accordance with Euroclear Finland 
Rules. 
(d)
Transfer of Norwegian Securities 
Transfers of Norwegian Securities are effected upon entry into the VPS Register of an account 
transfer from a Holder's book-entry securities account to another securities book-entry account 
within the VPS (except where the Norwegian Securities are nominee-registered and are 
transferred from one account to another account with the same nominee) in accordance with the 
VPS Rules. 
(e)
Transfer of Swedish Securities 
Transfers of Swedish Securities are effected upon entry in the Swedish Register of an account 
transfer from a Holder's book-entry securities account to another securities book-entry account 
(except where the Swedish Securities are nominee-registered and are transferred from one 
account to another account with the same nominee) in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
(f)
Transfers of Intermediated Securities 
Transfers of Intermediated Securities may only be effected by the entry of the transferred 
Intermediated Securities in the securities account of the transferee. 
(g)
Closed Periods in respect of Danish Notes, Finnish Securities, Norwegian Securities and 
Swedish Securities 
No Holder may require the transfer of Registered Securities to be registered in respect of Danish 
Notes, Finnish Securities, Norwegian Securities and Swedish Securities during a closed period 
pursuant to the VP Rules, the Euroclear Finland Rules, the VPS Rules or Swedish CSD Rules 
(as applicable). 
2.2
Registered Securities in definitive form 
(a)
Transfer of Registered Securities in definitive form

--- Page 174 ---
General Conditions 
161 
Transfers of Registered Securities in definitive form are effected upon (i) the surrender (at the 
specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) or the transfer of the registered 
certificate representing such Registered Securities in definitive form, together with the form of 
transfer (which shall be available at the specified office of the Registrar or Transfer Agent) 
endorsed on such registered certificate (or another form of transfer substantially in the same 
form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed 
by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer 
Agent may reasonably require, (ii) the recording of such transfer in the Register and (iii) 
issuance of a new registered certificate to the transferee. 
(b)
Part Transfer of Registered Securities in definitive form 
In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Securities in definitive form 
represented by one registered certificate, a new registered certificate shall be issued to the 
transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new registered certificate in respect of 
the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. 
(c)
Delivery of New Registered Securities in definitive form 
Each new registered certificate to be issued pursuant to this General Condition 2 (Transfers) 
shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer and 
surrender of the registered certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new registered certificate(s) 
shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may 
be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer or registered 
certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the Holder making such delivery or surrender 
as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer or otherwise 
in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the Holder entitled to the new registered 
certificate (as applicable) to such address as may be so specified, unless such Holder requests 
otherwise and pays in advance to the Relevant Programme Agent the costs of such other method 
of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. 
(d)
Closed Periods in respect of Registered Notes in definitive form 
No Holder may require the transfer of a Registered Note in definitive form to be registered: 
(i)
during the period of 15 days before any date on which Notes may be called for 
redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to General Condition 5.1 (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer); 
(ii)
after any such Note has been called for redemption; or 
(iii)
during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
(e)
Exchange Free of Charge 
Exchange and transfer of Securities on registration, transfer, partial redemption, settlement or 
exercise of an option (as applicable) shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental 
charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar 
or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
2.3
Compulsory Transfer or Redemption 
(a)
U.S. Persons 
(i)
Securities: Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. Person at any 
time nor offered, sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised or redeemed 
at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. 
Person; provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to any U.S. Person that is 
an Affiliate of the Issuer. If the Issuer determines at any time that any Security (other 
than a CREST CDI Security) is legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. Person that is 
not an Affiliate of the Issuer, the Issuer may direct the Holder to sell or transfer such

--- Page 175 ---
General Conditions 
162 
Security to a person who either is not a U.S. Person or is an Affiliate of the Issuer within 
14 days following receipt of notice of the direction. If the Holder fails to sell or transfer 
such Security within such period, the Issuer may at its discretion (x) cause such Security 
to be sold either to an acquirer selected by the Issuer that certifies to the Issuer that such 
acquirer is not a U.S. Person or to an Affiliate of the Issuer, on terms as the Issuer may 
choose, subject to the purchaser representations and requirements and transfer 
restrictions set out herein (and in the Agency Agreement), and, pending such transfer, no 
further payments will be made in respect of such Security or (y) give notice to the Holder 
that such Security will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Early Payment Amount on the 
date specified in such notice. 
If the Issuer determines at any time that (a) any CREST CDI Security is legally or 
beneficially owned by a U.S. Person that is not an Affiliate of the Issuer, or (b) any 
transfer of a CREST CDI Security has been effected other than to a person that is not an 
Affiliate of the Issuer who (i) is not (A) a U.S. person (as such term is defined in Rule 
902(k) of Regulation S) and (B) resident or otherwise located in the United States, and 
(ii) has entered into and remains in compliance with the provisions of the relevant 
Investor Letter of Representations (such person, for the purposes of this General 
Condition 2.3(a) (U.S. Persons) only, a "Permitted Transferee"), the Issuer may direct 
the Holder to sell or transfer such CREST CDI Security to a person who is a Permitted 
Transferee within 14 days following receipt of notice of the direction. If the Holder fails 
to sell or transfer such CREST CDI Security within such period, the Issuer may at its 
discretion (x) cause such Security to be sold to an acquirer selected by the Issuer that 
certifies to the Issuer that such acquirer is a Permitted Transferee, on terms as the Issuer 
may choose, subject to the purchaser representations and requirements and transfer 
restrictions set out herein (and in the Agency Agreement), and, pending such transfer, no 
further payments will be made in respect of such CREST CDI Security or (y) give notice 
to the Holder that such CREST CDI Security will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Early 
Payment Amount on the date specified in such notice. 
In the event of a sale in accordance with sub-clause (x) of the preceding paragraph, the 
Issuer may select an acquirer by any means determined by it in its sole discretion. The 
proceeds of the sale, net of any commissions, expenses and taxes due in connection with 
the sale shall be remitted to the selling Holder. The terms and conditions of any sale 
hereunder (including the sale price) shall be determined in the sole discretion of the 
Issuer, subject to the purchaser representations and requirements and transfer restrictions 
set out herein (and in the Agency Agreement), and the Issuer shall not be liable to any 
person having an interest in the CREST CDI Security or Security sold as a result of any 
sale or the exercise of such discretion.  
(ii)
Securities (where "ECI Holder Restrictions" apply): Securities may not be legally or 
beneficially owned by any U.S. Person at any time or by any non-U.S. Person whose 
income, gain or loss, if any, or the Notes or Certificates (if applicable) would be 
effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business ("ECI Holder"), nor offered, sold, 
transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised or redeemed at any time within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any ECI Holder or any U.S. Person 
provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to any U.S. Person that is an 
Affiliate of the Issuer. 
If the Issuer determines at any time that any Security is legally or beneficially owned by 
any U.S. Person that is not an Affiliate of the Issuer or by an ECI Holder, the Issuer may 
direct the Holder to sell or transfer such Security to a person who either is not a U.S. 
Person and not an ECI Holder or is an Affiliate of the Issuer within 14 days following 
receipt of notice of the direction. If the Holder fails to sell or transfer such Security within 
such period, the Issuer may at its discretion (x) cause such Security to be sold to an 
acquirer selected by the Issuer that certifies to the Issuer that such acquirer is not a U.S. 
Person and not an ECI Holder or to an Affiliate of the Issuer, on terms as the Issuer may 
choose, subject to the purchaser representations and requirements and transfer 
restrictions set out herein (and in the Agency Agreement), and, pending such transfer, no 
further payments will be made in respect of such Security or (y) give notice to the Holder

--- Page 176 ---
General Conditions 
163 
that such Security will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Early Payment Amount on the 
date specified in such notice. 
In the event of a sale in accordance with sub-clause (x) of the preceding paragraph, the 
Issuer may select an acquirer by any means determined by it in its sole discretion. The 
proceeds of the sale, net of any commissions, expenses and taxes due in connection with 
the sale shall be remitted to the selling Holder. The terms and conditions of any sale 
hereunder (including the sale price) shall be determined in the sole discretion of the 
Issuer, subject to the purchaser representations and requirements and transfer restrictions 
set out herein (and in the Agency Agreement), and the Issuer shall not be liable to any 
person having an interest in the Security sold as a result of any sale or the exercise of 
such discretion. 
(b)
ERISA Violations 
If the Issuer determines at any time that any Holder of a Security has made or been deemed to 
have made a representation related to the United States Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") (as set forth in the section entitled "Certain ERISA 
Considerations" in the Base Prospectus), that is false or misleading (a "Non-Permitted 
Holder"), the Issuer may direct the Holder to sell or transfer its Security to a person who is not 
a Non-Permitted Holder within 14 days following receipt of notice of the direction. If the Holder 
fails to sell or transfer its Security within such period, the Issuer may at its discretion (i) cause 
the Security to be sold to an acquirer selected by the Issuer that certifies to the Issuer that such 
acquirer is not a Non-Permitted Holder, on terms as the Issuer may choose, subject to the 
purchaser representations and requirements and transfer restrictions set out herein (and in the 
Agency Agreement), and, pending such transfer, no further payments will be made in respect of 
the Security or (ii) give notice to the Holder that the Security will be redeemed by the Issuer at 
the Early Payment Amount on the date specified in such notice.  
In the event of a sale in accordance with paragraph (i) above, the Issuer may select an acquirer 
by any means determined by it in its sole discretion. The proceeds of the sale, net of any 
commissions, expenses and taxes due in connection with the sale shall be remitted to the selling 
Holder. The terms and conditions of any sale hereunder (including the sale price) shall be 
determined in the sole discretion of the Issuer, subject to the purchaser representations and 
requirements and transfer restrictions set out herein (and in the Agency Agreement), and the 
Issuer shall not be liable to any person having an interest in the Security sold as a result of any 
sale or the exercise of such discretion.  
Furthermore, the Issuer shall not honour a transfer of beneficial interests in any Security to any 
person who is a Non-Permitted Holder. 
3.
Guarantees and Status of the Securities 
3.1
Guarantees 
(a)
Guarantee of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
In accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee, 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed that, if for any 
reason JPMSP does not pay any sum payable by it or perform any other obligation in respect of 
any Security on the date such payment or performance is due in accordance with these 
Conditions (after any applicable delay or extinguishment due to any event or condition set out 
in these Conditions providing or allowing for delay or extinguishment in respect of the payment 
or performance of such obligation) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will, in accordance with the 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee, pay that sum in the currency in which such payment is 
due in immediately available funds or, as the case may be, perform or procure the performance 
of the relevant obligations on the due date for such performance. 
(b)
Guarantee of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
In accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee, 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. has fully and unconditionally guaranteed that, if for any reason

--- Page 177 ---
General Conditions 
164 
JPMCFC does not make any required payment in respect of the Securities when due in 
accordance with these Conditions, JPMorgan Chase & Co. will on demand pay the unpaid 
amount due at the same place and in the same manner that applies to payments made by 
JPMCFC. JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s obligations under the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee 
are unconditional and absolute. However, JPMorgan Chase & Co. will not be liable for any 
amount of payment that JPMCFC is excused from making or any amount in excess of the 
amount actually due and owing by JPMCFC, and any defence or counterclaims available to 
JPMCFC (except those resulting solely from, or on account of, the insolvency of JPMCFC or 
its status as debtor or subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding) will also be available 
to JPMorgan Chase & Co. to the same extent as these defence or counterclaims are available to 
the JPMCFC, whether or not asserted by JPMCFC.
(c)
Status of the Guarantees 
Each of the Guarantees is not a deposit insured by the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation ("FDIC") or any other government authority.  
The JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee is an unsecured and unsubordinated obligation of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and not of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or of any of its affiliates (each 
a "J.P. Morgan affiliate"), and will rank pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., subject to a preference in favour 
of certain U.S. domestic deposit liabilities or any other obligations that are subject to any 
priorities or preferences. 
The JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee is an unsecured and unsubordinated obligation of 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and not of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or of any of its affiliates (each 
a "J.P. Morgan affiliate"), and will rank pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness of JPMorgan Chase & Co., subject to any obligations that are 
subject to any priorities or preferences. 
3.2
Status of the Securities 
The Securities constitute general contractual obligations of the Issuers and are not secured by 
any property of the Issuers, nor are they deposits insured by the FDIC or any other government 
authority. The Securities are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer, 
and not of any other Issuer or its affiliates, and will rank pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness of the relevant Issuer, subject to such exceptions as may be 
provided by any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgement, order or directive 
of any governmental, administrative or judicial authority or power (including, in the case of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a preference in favour of certain U.S. domestic deposit liabilities). 
C. 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO NOTES ONLY 
4.
Interest and other Calculations under the Notes 
4.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from, and including (or 
in the case of Swedish Notes, but excluding), the Interest Commencement Date (or, if the Notes 
are not Fixed Rate Notes on the Issue Date, then the first day of the first Interest Period in respect 
of which the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes) at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
(a)
Fixed Rate Accrual 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Fixed Rate Accrual Provisions" to be applicable, the Interest 
Amount payable on an Interest Payment Date applicable in respect of Fixed Rate Notes in 
respect of each nominal amount of each Note equal to the Calculation Amount for any Interest 
Period ending on, but excluding (or in the case of Swedish Notes, and including), such Interest 
Payment Date or for a period other than an Interest Period (in respect of which the Notes are 
Fixed Rate Notes) shall be calculated by multiplying the Rate of Interest by the Calculation

--- Page 178 ---
General Conditions 
165 
Amount, and further multiplying the product by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure in accordance with General Condition 22 (Rounding). 
(b)
Fixed Coupon Amount 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Fixed Coupon Amount Provisions" to be applicable, the 
Interest Amount payable on an Interest Payment Date applicable in respect of Fixed Rate Notes 
in respect of each nominal amount of each Note equal to the Calculation Amount shall be the 
Fixed Coupon Amount specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date (or, if only one Fixed 
Coupon Amount is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, such amount), provided that if a 
Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Payment Date, 
the Interest Amount payable on such Interest Payment Date in respect of each nominal amount 
of each Note equal to the Calculation Amount shall be such Broken Amount. 
4.2
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a)
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from, and including 
(or in the case of Swedish Notes, but excluding), the Interest Commencement Date (or, if the 
Notes are not Floating Rate Notes on the Issue Date, then the first day of the first Interest Period 
in respect of which the Notes are Floating Rate Notes) at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date (such interest, the "Interest Amount").  
(b)
Determination of Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Period (or any relevant 
day, as applicable) shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Issue Terms and 
the provisions below relating to ISDA Determination, Screen Rate Determination, SONIA 
Floating Rate Determination, SOFR Floating Rate Determination, TONA Floating Rate 
Determination or €STR Floating Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined in respect of the relevant Interest Period (or relevant day, as applicable). 
(i)
ISDA Determination for Rate of Interest: Subject to General Condition 4.2(c) 
(Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark 
Event) below, where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Period shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), "ISDA 
Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent (each as defined in the ISDA Definitions) under an 
interest rate swap transaction ("Swap Transaction") under the terms of an ISDA 2002 
Master Agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions, and under which:  
(A)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(B)
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
(C)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Period unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
(D)
the relevant Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method (if any) is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
provided that if, prior to: 
(I)
the occurrence of an Index Cessation Effective Date (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) in respect of the ISDA Rate; and

--- Page 179 ---
General Conditions 
166 
(II)
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date (as defined in the 
2021 Definitions); and 
(III)
the application of any provision relating to discontinued rates maturities (as 
described in the ISDA Definitions), 
the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the ISDA Definitions read with paragraphs (A) to (D) above, then the 
ISDA Rate for an Interest Period (or relevant day, as applicable) shall be such rate as is 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 4.2(b)(i), terms used for the purpose of 
determining the relevant ISDA Rate under the relevant ISDA Definitions shall have the 
meanings given to those terms in the relevant ISDA Definitions as read together with 
General Condition 31.3 (ISDA Determination Additional Provisions). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event and 
its related Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date have occurred or are 
existing on any day in respect of the relevant ISDA Rate, the terms of General Condition 
4.2(c) shall apply. 
(ii)
Screen Rate Determination for Rate of Interest: Subject to General Condition 4.2(c) 
(Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark 
Event) (and to General Condition 4.5 (Interest Calculations (Notes other than Fixed Rate 
Notes) and any other applicable Conditions), where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period in accordance with the 
following: 
(A)
Rate of Interest shall be: 
(1)
offered quotation;  
(2)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations; or 
(3)
the rate provided by the relevant administrator, 
in each case expressed as a percentage rate per annum, of the Reference Rate 
appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(B)
(subject as provided in paragraph (C) below in respect of a Reference Rate that is 
a Swap Rate) if sub-paragraph (A)(1) above applies and no such offered quotation 
appears on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date or 
if sub-paragraph (A)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date or if sub-paragraph (A)(3) above applies and the Reference Rate does not 
appear on the relevant Page and the Reference Rate is not published by the 
administrator of the Reference Rate or an authorised distributor and is not 
otherwise provided by the administrator of the Reference Rate, in each case as of 
the Relevant Time, then a "Floating Rate Disruption" ("Floating Rate 
Disruption") shall have occurred and the Rate of Interest shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, 
the derivatives market). For the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, the 
Calculation Agent may determine the relevant Rate of Interest by reference to one 
or more of the following methods:

--- Page 180 ---
General Conditions 
167 
(1)
the Rate of Interest may be the Adjusted Arithmetic Mean of the offered 
quotations that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in 
the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date, provided that the Calculation Agent determines that 
at least two such Reference Banks are so quoting Reference Rates; 
(2)
the Rate of Interest may be the rate formally recommended for use by the 
administrator of the Reference Rate or the supervisor or competent 
authority (or a committee endorsed or convened by any such entity) 
responsible for supervising the Reference Rate or the administrator 
thereof; and 
(3)
the Rate of Interest may be the Reference Rate last provided or published 
by the relevant administrator; or 
(C)
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (B) above, where a Floating Rate Disruption has 
occurred in respect of a Reference Rate that is a Swap Rate, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Determination Date (or other day (as applicable)) shall be such 
commercially reasonable alternative rate as is determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having 
regard to such sources as it considers appropriate and any alternative benchmark 
then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
(iii)
SONIA Floating Rate Determination  
(A)
Compounded Daily SONIA - Non-Index Determination: Subject to General 
Condition 4.2(c) (Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event), where SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Non-Index Determination) is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period shall be Compounded Daily SONIA as determined in respect of 
the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(A), "Compounded Daily 
SONIA" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards): 
(1)
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑
(2)
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA rate in respect of 
any London Banking Day. The SONIA rate applied to a day that is not a

--- Page 181 ---
General Conditions 
168 
London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA rate for the 
previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the 
following meanings: 
"d" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Interest Period. 
"d0" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period, except if the first 
calendar day of the Interest Period is not a London Banking Day, 
then it is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Interest Period plus 1. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and 
including, the last London Banking Day in such Observation 
Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period to, and 
including, the last London Banking Day in such Interest Period, 
except that, if the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period 
is not a London Banking Day, it means a series of whole numbers 
from 1 to d0, where i=1 represents the first calendar day of such 
Interest Period, and each of i=2 to d0 represents the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period to, and 
including, the last London Banking Day in such Interest Period. 
"ni" for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such day "i" up to, but excluding, the earlier of (i) the following 
London Banking Day and (ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Securities become due and payable).

--- Page 182 ---
General Conditions 
169 
"p" means five London Banking Days or such number of London Banking 
Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"SONIAi" or "SONIA rate" in respect of any London Banking Day "i", 
in the relevant Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day). 
"SONIAi-pLBD" in respect of any day "i", in the relevant Interest Period, 
means a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(SONIA) rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to such day "i", except that where i=1 and the first calendar day 
of the relevant Interest Period is not a London Banking Day, it means a 
reference rate equal to the SONIA rate for the London Banking Day falling 
"p"+1 London Banking Days prior to such day "i", in each case as provided 
by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors (on the London Banking Day 
immediately following the London Banking Day falling "p" or "p"+1, as 
applicable, London Banking Days prior to such day "i". 
∏
⬚
𝑛
𝑖=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. 
For example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
365) −1
30
𝑖=1
]
means [(1 + X1 / 365 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2  / 365 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 365 ) 
– 1]. 
If, in respect of any relevant London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the relevant Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the 
Calculation Agent will determine such SONIA rate as being the SONIA 
rate published on the relevant Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on 
which the SONIA rate was published on such Page (or otherwise published 
by the relevant authorised distributors). If the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is unable to determine the SONIA rate in accordance 
with the preceding sentence, the SONIA rate in respect of the relevant 
London Banking Day shall be such other rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers 
appropriate and any alternative benchmarks then available and taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). 
(B)
Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination: Subject to General Condition 
4.2(c) 
(Consequences 
of 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark 
Event 
or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event), where SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Index Determination) is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period shall, subject as provided below, be calculated by reference to the screen 
rate or index administered by the administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or 
other information service from time to time at the relevant time on the relevant 
determination dates specified below (the "SONIA Compounded Index") and the

--- Page 183 ---
General Conditions 
170 
following formula. Such Rate of Interest will be plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if any): 
Compounded Daily SONIA = 
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑦
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑥
−1) × 365
𝑑
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which "x" is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which "y" is 
determined;  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"x" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period; and 
"y" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Period End Date of the relevant Interest Period. 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SONIA Compounded Index 
value has not been provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant 
administrator (or any successor administrator) or authorised distributors or the 
relevant website is not available, the relevant SONIA Compounded Index value 
will be the last such value provided for the SONIA Compounded Index. If the 
Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to determine the SONIA 
Compounded Index in accordance with the preceding sentence, the SONIA 
Compounded Index in respect of the relevant determination date shall be such 
other rate as determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources 
as it considers appropriate and any alternative benchmarks then available and 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). 
(iv)
SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
(A)
Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index Determination: Subject to General 
Condition 4.2(c) (Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event), where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall, subject as 
provided below and save where Index Determination applies, be Compounded 
Daily SOFR plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin 
(if any). 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑

--- Page 184 ---
General Conditions 
171 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
"d" means: 
(i) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Lag" as the applicable 
Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Shift" as the applicable 
Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period;  
"d0" means: 
(i) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Lag" as the applicable 
Observation Method, in respect of any Interest Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period, 
except if the first calendar day of the Interest Period is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, then it is the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period plus 
1; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Shift" as the applicable 
Observation Method, in respect of any SOFR Observation Period, the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period; 
"i" means: 
(i) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Lag" as the applicable 
Observation Method, a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, except that, if the 
first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, it means a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, 
where i=1 represents the first calendar day of such Interest Period, and 
each of i=2 to d0 represents the relevant U.S. Government  Securities 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government  Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period to, 
and including, the last U.S. Government  Securities Business Day in such 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Shift" as the applicable 
Observation Method, a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant the SOFR Observation Period; 
"ni" for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from and including, such 
day "i" up to but excluding, the earlier of (i) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day and (ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period;  
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period specified in the relevant Issue Terms;

--- Page 185 ---
General Conditions 
172 
"SOFR Observation Period" means in respect of each Interest Period, the period 
from and including the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to but excluding the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Period End Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period; 
"SOFR Reference Rate", in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day ("USBDx"), is a reference rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing 
("SOFR") rate for such USBDx as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website of any 
successor administrator for the publication of such rate (the "New York Federal 
Reserve's Website") (in each case, on or about 3:00 p.m., New York City time, 
on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such 
USBDx) or if the New York Federal Reserve's Website is unavailable as otherwise 
published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator; 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means: 
(a)
where in the relevant Issue Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method, (save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) in respect of any 
day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR Reference Rate 
for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to such day "i", except that 
where i=1 and the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period is not a 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, it means a reference rate equal 
to the SOFR Reference Rate for the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days falling "p"+1 U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
such day "i"; or 
(b)
where in the relevant Issue Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method, (save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) SOFRi, where 
SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" 
falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference 
Rate for such day; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities; and 
∏
⬚
𝑛
𝑖=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For 
example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
360) −1
30
𝑖=1
]
means [(1 + X1 / 360 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2  / 360 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 360 ) – 1]. 
(B)
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination: Subject to General Condition 
4.2(c) 
(Consequences 
of 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark 
Event 
or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event), where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined and Index Determination is specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall, subject 
as provided below, be calculated by reference to the following formula and based 
on the SOFR Index (as defined below) (the "SOFR Compounded Index") and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-

--- Page 186 ---
General Conditions 
173 
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards. 
Such Rate of Interest shall be plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue 
Terms) the Margin (if any): 
Compounded Daily SOFR = 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × 360
𝑑𝑐
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to 
which SOFR IndexEnd is determined; 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such index (or any successor administrator of such 
index) as such index appears on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website of 
any successor administrator for the publication of such index at 3:00 pm New 
York City time; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Period End Date for the relevant Interest Period; 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of 
the relevant Interest Period; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities. 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SOFR or SOFR Index value, as 
applicable, has not been provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant 
administrator (or any successor administrator) or authorised distributors or the 
relevant website is not available, the relevant SOFR or SOFR Index value, as 
applicable, will be the last provided or published value for the SOFR or SOFR 
Index as applicable prior to the day on which the SOFR or SOFR Index value is 
required. If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to determine the 
SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, in accordance with the preceding 
sentence, the SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, in respect of the relevant 
determination date shall be such other rate as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate and any 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market). 
(v)
TONA Floating Rate Determination 
Compounded Daily TONA: Subject to General Condition 4.2(c) (Consequences of an 
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event), where TONA 
Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
shall be Compounded Daily TONA as determined in respect of the relevant Interest

--- Page 187 ---
General Conditions 
174 
Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin 
(if any). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 4.2(b)(v), "Compounded Daily TONA" 
means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily Yen overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant 
Interest Determination Date (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards) as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑏
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑡𝑛𝑑𝑏
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily TONA 
only compounds the TONA rate in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day. The TONA rate 
applied to a day that is not a Tokyo Banking Day will be taken by applying the TONA 
rate for the previous Tokyo Banking Day but without compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
"db" means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to db, each representing the relevant Tokyo 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo Banking Day 
in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last Tokyo Banking Day in such 
Observation Period. 
"ni" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such Tokyo Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following Tokyo 
Banking Day. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period 
and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the Interest 
Period End Date for such Interest Period.  
"p" means ten or such other number as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"𝐭𝐧𝐝𝐛" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
"Tokyo Banking Day" means any calendar day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business 
(including settling payments and dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in Tokyo.  
"TONAi" or "TONA rate" in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day "i", in the relevant 
Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily TONA as provided by the 
administrator of TONA to, and published by, authorised distributors of TONA as of 
approximately 10:00 a.m., Tokyo time (or any amended publication time as specified by 
the administrator of TONA in the TONA benchmark methodology), on the TONA Fixing 
Day.  
If in respect of any relevant determination date the TONA rate is not published by the 
administrator of TONA or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise provided by the 
administrator of TONA by either (A) the TONA Fixing Day or (B) such other date on 
which TONA is required, then the rate for that Tokyo Banking Day "i" will be the last 
provided or published TONA. If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to 
determine the TONA rate in accordance with the preceding sentence, the TONA rate in

--- Page 188 ---
General Conditions 
175 
respect of the relevant determination date shall be such other rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate and any 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
"TONA" means the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate (TONA) administered by the Bank 
of Japan (or any successor administrator). 
"TONA Fixing Day" means, in respect of TONA and a Tokyo Banking Day "i", the 
Tokyo Banking Day immediately following that day "i" (or any amended publication 
day for TONA as specified by the administrator of TONA in the TONA benchmark 
methodology). 
(vi)
€STR Floating Rate Determination 
Compounded Daily €STR: Subject to General Condition 4.2(c) (Consequences of an 
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event), where €STR 
Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
shall be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue 
Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 4.2(b)(vi), "Compounded Daily €STR" 
means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards): 
(1)
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 +  €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
𝑑
(2)
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 +  €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝑆𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
𝑑
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily €STR only compounds the €STR rate in respect of any 
TARGET2 Settlement Day. The €STR reference rate applied to a day that is not 
a TARGET2 Settlement Day will be taken by applying the €STR reference rate 
for the previous TARGET2 Settlement Day but without compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
"d" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; and

--- Page 189 ---
General Conditions 
176 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period. 
"d0" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of TARGET2 Settlement Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of TARGET2 Settlement Days in the 
relevant Interest Period, except if the first calendar day of the Interest 
Period is not a TARGET2 Settlement Day, then it is the number of 
TARGET2 Settlement Days in the relevant Interest Period plus 1. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET2 Settlement Day in chronological order: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first TARGET2 Settlement 
Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last 
TARGET2 Settlement Day in such Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first TARGET2 Settlement 
Day in the relevant Interest Period to, and including, the last TARGET2 
Settlement Day in such Interest Period, except that, if the first calendar day 
of the relevant Interest Period is not a TARGET2 Settlement Day, it means 
a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, where i=1 represents the first 
calendar day of such Interest Period, and each of i=2 to d0 represents the 
relevant TARGET2 Settlement Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET2 Settlement Day in the relevant Interest 
Period to, and including, the last TARGET2 Settlement Day in such 
Interest Period. 
"ni" for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
day "i" up to, but excluding, the earlier of (i) the following TARGET2 Settlement 
Day and (ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" 
TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Securities become due and payable).  
"p" means five TARGET2 Settlement Days or such number of TARGET2 
Settlement Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"€STRi" or "€STR rate" in respect of any TARGET2 Settlement Day "i", in the 
relevant Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-
term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET2 Settlement Day as provided by the 
administrator of €STR to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors (on the TARGET2 Settlement Day immediately following 
such TARGET2 Settlement Day). 
"€STRi-pTSD" in respect of any day "i", in the relevant Interest Period, means a 
reference rate equal to €STR for the TARGET2 Settlement Day falling "p" 
TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such day "i", except that where i=1 and the 
first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period is not a TARGET2 Settlement

--- Page 190 ---
General Conditions 
177 
Day, it means a reference rate equal to €STR for the TARGET2 Settlement Day 
falling "p"+1 TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such day "i", in each case as 
provided by the administrator of €STR to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors (on the TARGET2 Settlement Day 
immediately following the TARGET2 Settlement Day falling "p" or "p"+1, as 
applicable TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such day "i"). 
∏
⬚
𝑛
𝑖=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For 
example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
360) −1
30
𝑖=1
]
means [(1 + X1 / 360 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2  / 360 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 360 ) – 1]. 
If, in respect of any relevant TARGET2 Settlement Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the €STR rate is not available on the relevant Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the Calculation 
Agent will determine such €STR rate as being the €STR rate published on the 
relevant Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding TARGET2 Settlement Day on which the €STR rate was 
published on such Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to determine 
the €STR rate in accordance with the preceding sentence, the €STR rate in respect 
of the relevant TARGET2 Settlement Day shall be such other rate as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers 
appropriate and any alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, 
the derivatives market). 
(c)
Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event 
(i)
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event
(A)
Notwithstanding anything else in General Condition 4.2(b) (Determination of 
Rate of Interest) and subject to paragraph (B) below, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event and its related Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date have occurred or are existing on any 
day (i) in respect of a Reference Rate, or (ii) where the relevant Reference Rate 
is a Compounded RFR, in respect of the RFR referenced in such Compounded 
RFR, in each case in respect of the Securities (such affected Reference Rate (or 
where the Reference Rate is a Compounded RFR, the RFR referenced in such 
Compounded RFR), a "Discontinued Reference Rate"), then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period (or 
relevant day, as applicable) in respect of such Securities in accordance with the 
following methodologies, as applicable: 
(1)
Compounded RFRs: where the Discontinued Reference Rate is an RFR 
referenced in a Compounded RFR, the Discontinued Reference Rate shall 
be replaced by the applicable Recommended Fallback Rate with effect 
from and including the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date 
and the Recommended Fallback Rate will be used for the calculation of 
the Reference Rate with effect from such date. Where the Recommended 
Fallback Rate is used, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) 
that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation 
methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms of 
the Securities to account for such change to the method of determination 
of the Rate of Interest, including (but not limited to) any such 
adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent determines are required in order

--- Page 191 ---
General Conditions 
178 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any change in 
the economic value of the Securities from such change to the method of 
determination of the Rate of Interest. Any such adjustment(s) which the 
Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate (1) shall be made to the 
extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market), (2) may include an adjustment factor and/or 
adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative) together with any 
technical, administrative or operational changes and (3) may be applied on 
more than one occasion and may be made as of one or more effective dates; 
(2)
Compounded Indices – Index Cessation: where the Discontinued 
Reference Rate is a Compounded Index, with effect from and including 
the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date, the Rate of Interest 
in respect of such Interest Determination Date, and any subsequent Interest 
Determination Date, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to: 
(a)
the last published level of the applicable Compounded Index; 
(b)
the benchmark methodology for the applicable Compounded 
Index, as published by the administrator thereof; and 
(c)
the Underlying RFR, as provided by the administrator of the 
Underlying RFR for each day in respect of which the Underlying 
RFR is required for such determination; 
(3)
Compounded Indices – Underlying Rate Cessation: where the specified 
Reference 
Rate 
is 
a 
Compounded 
Index 
and 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event and its related Index Cessation/Benchmark 
Event Effective Date have occurred in respect of the Underlying RFR, with 
effect from and including the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective 
Date, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Determination Date, 
and any subsequent Interest Determination Date, shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to: 
(a)
the last published level of the applicable Compounded Index; 
(b)
the benchmark methodology for the applicable Compounded 
Index, as published by the administrator thereof; and 
(c)
the rate that would apply for derivative transactions referencing the 
2021 Definitions, on or after the occurrence of an Index Cessation 
Effective Date (as defined in the 2021 Definitions) (which 
definition 
is 
substantively 
the 
same 
as 
"Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date") with respect to the 
applicable Underlying RFR; 
(4)
Swap Rates: where the specified Reference Rate is a Swap Rate, with 
effect from and including the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective 
Date, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Determination Date, 
and any subsequent Interest Determination Date, shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the alternative rate of interest (the 
"Alternative Recommended Rate") formally recommended by (in the 
following order): 
(a)
the central bank for the currency in which the Discontinued 
Reference Rate is denominated; or 
(b)
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank, the 
central bank (if different) or other supervisor responsible for

--- Page 192 ---
General Conditions 
179 
supervising (i) the Discontinued Reference Rate, or (ii) the 
administrator of the Discontinued Reference Rate; or 
(c)
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank or 
supervisor, any working group or committee officially endorsed or 
convened by any such central bank or supervisor, or any group 
thereof, or 
(d)
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (a), (b) or 
(c), the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof, or 
(e)
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (a), (b), (c) 
or (d), where such Alternative Recommended Rate is substantially 
the same as the Discontinued Reference Rate, the administrator, 
provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no 
Alternative Recommended Rate, the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Determination Date, and any subsequent Interest Determination 
Date, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such 
other reference rate(s) and/or price source(s) and/or combination thereof 
that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable 
alternative to the Discontinued Reference Rate. If the Calculation Agent 
determines the Rate of Interest in accordance with this General Condition 
4.2(c)(i)(A)(4), it may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be 
appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the Securities to account 
for such change to the method of determination of the Rate of Interest, 
including (but not limited to) any such adjustment(s) that the Calculation 
Agent determines are required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, any change in the economic value of the Securities 
from such change to the method of determination of the Rate of Interest. 
Any such adjustment(s) which the Calculation Agent determines to be 
appropriate (1) shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market), (2) may include an 
adjustment factor and/or adjustment spread (which may be positive or 
negative) together with any technical, administrative or operational 
changes and (3) may be applied on more than one occasion and may be 
made as of one or more effective dates. 
(5)
Generic Permanent Fallback: notwithstanding any other provision or term 
of the General Conditions, where (a) the Reference Rate is not a rate in 
respect of which a determination methodology is specified in any of sub-
paragraphs (A)(1), (A)(2), (A)(3) and (A)(4) above, or (b) the Reference 
Rate is a rate in respect of which a determination methodology is specified 
in any of sub-paragraphs (A)(1), (A)(2), (A)(3) and (A)(4) above and 
"Generic Permanent Fallback" is specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period (or relevant day, as applicable) in respect of such 
Securities in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, after 
consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as: 
(a)
a substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price 
source that it has determined is the industry-accepted standard in 
any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market) substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source for the relevant Reference Rate; or 
(b)
if it determines there is no such industry-accepted standard in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market) substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other

--- Page 193 ---
General Conditions 
180 
price source, then a substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark 
or other price source that it determines is a commercially 
reasonable alternative to the Reference Rate, taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market), 
in each case provided that (i) any such substitute or successor rate, index, 
benchmark or other price source, may (without limitation) comprise a 
replacement rate, index, benchmark or other price source, which is 
determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a 
"risk-free rate", (ii) there may be more than one such substitute or 
successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source (which may be 
applied as of one or more effective dates), (iii) the Rate of Interest may 
include an adjustment factor or adjustment spread pursuant to the 
paragraph immediately below and (iv) the Conditions may be subject to 
adjustment pursuant to the paragraph immediately below. 
If the Calculation Agent determines the Rate of Interest in accordance with 
this General Condition 4.2(c)(i)(A)(5), it may make such adjustment(s) 
that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation 
methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms of 
the Securities to account for such change to the method of determination 
of the Rate of Interest, including (but not limited to) any such 
adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent determines are required in order 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any change in 
the economic value of the Securities from such change to the method of 
determination of the Rate of Interest. Any such adjustment(s) which the 
Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate (1) shall be made to the 
extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market), (2) may include an adjustment factor and/or 
adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative) together with any 
technical, administrative or operational changes and (3) may be applied on 
more than one occasion and may be made as of one or more effective dates. 
(B)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the application of General Condition 
4.2(c)(i)(A) (i) would not achieve a commercially reasonable result (because it is 
not possible or commercially reasonable to identify a replacement or successor 
rate, index, benchmark or other price source, or relevant adjustments or for any 
other reason) and/or (ii) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable 
law or regulation or it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements to 
determine the Rate of Interest in accordance with the terms of such provisions, 
the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in 
which event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each 
Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in 
General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1 
or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which 
resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted) on a date specified by it in a 
notice to the Holders. 
(ii)
Administrator/Benchmark Event: if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event and its related Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date have occurred or are existing on any day in respect of any Securities and 
a Relevant Benchmark, the Calculation Agent may: 
(A)
make such adjustment to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Securities of 
such Administrator/Benchmark Event (including without limitation, to select a 
successor Relevant Benchmark) and any adjustment(s) that it determines to be 
appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the Securities to account for such

--- Page 194 ---
General Conditions 
181 
replacement and/or change to the method of determination of the Rate of Interest, 
including (but not limited to) any such adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent 
determines are required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, any change in the economic value of the Securities from such 
replacement and/or change to the method of determination of the Rate of Interest; 
(B)
determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the Issuer will 
cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount 
equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 31.1 
(Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment 
Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early 
redemption)" shall be deleted). 
Notwithstanding anything else in this General Condition 4.2(c)(ii), in the event that the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event comprises a Material Methodology Change Event, the 
Calculation Agent may determine not to undertake any or all of the actions described in 
this General Condition 4.2(c)(ii). 
(iii)
Interim measures: If, at any time, following (i) an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event but 
prior to any replacement or amendment having become effective pursuant to General 
Condition 4.2(c)(i) above and/or (ii) an Administrator/Benchmark Event but prior to any 
adjustment and/or redemption and/or cancellation and/or any other action the Issuer may 
take under General Condition 4.2(c)(ii) taking effect, the relevant Reference Rate is 
required for any determination in respect of the Securities, then: 
(A)
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable 
law or regulation for the Securities to reference the Reference Rate and for the 
Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to use the Reference Rate to perform its or 
their respective obligations under the Securities, the level of the Reference Rate 
shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination 
of the Reference Rate as if no Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event (as applicable) had occurred; or 
(B)
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under 
applicable law or regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or to the Calculation 
Agent (as applicable) for the Securities to reference the Reference Rate or for any 
such entity to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations 
under the Securities, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
having regard to such sources as it considers appropriate and any alternative 
benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards 
in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market), as 
(a) a substitute or successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted 
(in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate for the relevant Reference 
Rate or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-accepted (in the derivatives 
market) substitute or successor rate, a substitute or successor rate that it 
determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the Reference Rate, taking 
into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). If such Reference Rate is determined 
as any such substituted or successor rate, the Calculation Agent may determine 
such other amendments to the Securities which it considers are necessary and/or 
appropriate in order to reflect the replacement of the Reference Rate with such 
substituted or successor rate. If the Calculation Agent determines the Reference 
Rate in accordance with this paragraph, the Calculation Agent shall notify the 
Issuer of such determination made by it and the action that it proposes to take in 
respect of any such determination and the Issuer, in turn, shall notify the Holders 
thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. 
(iv)
Hierarchy 
if 
both 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark 
Event 
and 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs: If the Calculation Agent determines that an 
event in respect of a Reference Rate constitutes both an Index Cessation/Benchmark

--- Page 195 ---
General Conditions 
182 
Event and an Administrator/Benchmark Event, then it will be deemed to an Index 
Cessation/Benchmark and not an Administrator/Benchmark Event, provided that if an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Effective Date has not occurred before the Relevant 
Benchmark ceases to be available, then General Condition 4.2(c)(iii) (Interim measures) 
shall apply as if an Administrator/Benchmark Event had occurred. 
(v)
Corrections to Published and Displayed Rates: In the event that the (i) Reference Rate 
determined in accordance with General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) 
above or (ii) where the relevant Reference Rate is a Compounded RFR, the RFR 
referenced in such Compounded RFR, is subsequently corrected, and the correction (the 
"Corrected Rate") is published after the original publication but no later than the longer 
of (a) one hour after such original publication and (b) any other period for corrections 
specified by a relevant administrator in its methodology for the relevant Reference Rate 
(or where the Reference Rate is a Compounded RFR, the RFR referenced in such 
Compounded RFR), then provided that such Corrected Rate is published on or prior to 
the date falling two Business Days prior to the date on which a related payment is 
scheduled to be made under the Securities (the "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date"), 
then such Corrected Rate shall be deemed to be the relevant Reference Rate (or where 
the Reference Rate is a Compounded RFR, the RFR referenced in such Compounded 
RFR) and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Rate in determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest and related Interest Amount. Any corrections published after 
the second Business Day prior to the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date shall be 
disregarded for the purposes of determining the relevant Rate of Interest. 
4.3
Reference Asset Linked Coupon Notes 
Each nominal amount of each Reference Asset Linked Coupon Note equal to the Calculation 
Amount bears interest from the Interest Commencement Date, such interest to be payable on 
each Coupon Payment Date (such interest, the "Coupon Amount"). The Coupon Amount shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Payout Conditions. 
4.4
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in 
this General Condition 4 (Interest and other Calculations under the Notes) to the Relevant 
Payment Date. 
4.5
Interest Calculations (Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes) 
The amount of interest that shall accrue in respect of each nominal amount of each Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note) equal to the Calculation Amount for any period shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product 
by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the result in accordance with General Condition 22 
(Rounding), unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in respect 
of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such nominal amount 
of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance 
with such formula). 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Issue Terms (either (i) generally or (ii) in relation to 
one or more Interest Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (i), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in the case of (ii) by adding (if 
a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, 
subject always to General Condition 4.6 (Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
(or both)). 
If the amount of interest payable for any period as calculated in accordance with the above 
would otherwise be an amount less than zero, such amount shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 196 ---
General Conditions 
183 
4.6
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (or both) 
If (i) a Minimum Rate of Interest is specified for an Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be no less than the Minimum Rate of 
Interest, (ii) a Maximum Rate of Interest for an Interest Period is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be no greater than the Maximum 
Rate of Interest, or (iii) a Maximum Rate of Interest and a Minimum Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Period are specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall be no 
less than the Minimum Rate of Interest and no greater than the Maximum Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period. 
4.7
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest 
As soon as practicable after any relevant time (which, in respect of an Interest Determination 
Date shall be the applicable Relevant Time) on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation or adjustment to the terms of the Notes with respect to the calculation of the Interest 
Amount or the Rate of Interest, as applicable, it shall determine such rate or amount and 
calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each nominal amount of each Note equal to the 
Calculation Amount for the relevant Interest Period, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and/or the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified 
to the Relevant Programme Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, any other Calculation 
Agent or Delivery Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation 
or delivery upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and 
the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant 
authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, 
as soon as reasonably practicable after such determination.  
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period is subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the applicable Business Day Convention, the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date 
so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. If the Notes become due and payable under General Condition 15 (Events of Default), 
the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless 
continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this General Condition but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. 
4.8
Payment of Interest Amount 
If any Interest Amount will be payable on the Interest Payment Date falling on an Early 
Redemption Date, a Daily Observation Early Redemption Date or the Maturity Date, such 
Interest Amount will be payable together with any Early Redemption Amount payable on such 
Early Redemption Date or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date or any Final Redemption 
Amount payable on the Maturity Date. 
4.9
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Notes and Floating-to-Fixed Rate Notes 
(a)
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Notes 
If "Fixed-to-Floating Rate Notes" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
interest shall accrue and be payable on the Notes: 
(i)
with respect to the first Interest Period, and such subsequent Interest Periods as are 
specified for this purpose in the relevant Issue Terms, at a Rate of Interest determined in 
accordance with General Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) and the relevant 
Issue Terms; and

--- Page 197 ---
General Conditions 
184 
(ii)
with respect to each Interest Period thereafter, at a Rate of Interest determined in 
accordance with General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
(b)
Floating-to-Fixed Rate Notes 
If "Floating-to-Fixed Rate Notes" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
interest shall accrue and be payable on the Notes: 
(i)
with respect to the first Interest Period, and such subsequent Interest Periods as are 
specified for this purpose in the relevant Issue Terms, at a Rate of Interest determined in 
accordance with General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and the relevant 
Issue Terms; and 
(ii)
with respect to each Interest Period thereafter, at a Rate of Interest determined in 
accordance with General Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) and the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
4.10
Zero Coupon Notes and Linear Zero Coupon Notes 
If, in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, on the due date for redemption, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, interest will accrue only in respect of any overdue 
principal amount of such a Note at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield. 
If, in the case of a Linear Zero Coupon Note, on the due date for redemption, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, interest will accrue only in respect of 
any overdue principal amount of the Note at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Implied Yield on a non-compounding basis. 
5.
Redemption of Notes 
5.1
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If "Call Option" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer may redeem 
all of the Notes on an Optional Redemption Date by giving notice to the Holders on or prior to 
the Call Option Exercise Date corresponding to such Optional Redemption Date in accordance 
with General Condition 26 (Notices) and each nominal amount of each Note equal to the 
Calculation Amount shall be redeemed by payment of the Optional Redemption Amount on the 
Optional Redemption Date.  
5.2
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with General Condition 
24 (Purchase and Cancellation), each Note (other than a Note to which General Condition 14.1 
(Physical Settlement in respect of Securities) applies) shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at its Final Redemption Amount or, in the case of a Note (a) where the "Credit Linked 
Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and (b) to which General 
Condition 5.3 (Redemption by Instalments) applies, its final Instalment Amount. 
5.3
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with General Condition 
24 (Purchase and Cancellation), each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment 
Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount. 
The outstanding nominal amount and the Calculation Amount of each such Note shall be 
reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to 
a proportion of the nominal amounts of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect 
from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant 
Payment Date relating to such Instalment Amount.

--- Page 198 ---
General Conditions 
185 
If any Minimum Instalment Amount or Maximum Instalment Amount is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, then any Instalment Amount shall be subject to such minimum or 
maximum, as applicable. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the right to require redemption of such Notes must be exercised 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of the Relevant Clearing System and if there is any 
inconsistency between the above and the rules and procedures of the Relevant Clearing System, 
then the rules and procedures of the Relevant Clearing System shall prevail. 
5.4
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
In respect of any Zero Coupon Notes which are redeemed early in accordance with the General 
Conditions, the Early Payment Amount shall be the "Amortised Face Amount". The Amortised 
Face Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note 
on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
"Amortisation Yield" (which, if none is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, shall be such 
rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they 
were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. If the Early 
Payment Amount payable is not paid when due in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to General Condition 18.4 (Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation – 
Additional Amounts/Underlying Hedge Transactions) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in General Condition 15 (Events of Default), the Early Payment Amount due and 
payable shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note, except that the date on which the 
Note becomes due and payable shall be the Relevant Payment Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Face Amount shall continue to be made (as well after as before judgment) until the 
Relevant Payment Date, unless the Relevant Payment Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, 
in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of 
such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
General Condition 4.10 (Zero Coupon Notes and Linear Zero Coupon Notes). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Issue Terms.  
5.5
Early Redemption of Linear Zero Coupon Notes 
In respect of any Linear Zero Coupon Notes which are redeemed early in accordance with the 
General Conditions, the Early Payment Amount shall be Early Payment Amount 3 plus Unpaid 
Implied Yield or Early Payment Amount 2, as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms.  
6.
Payments 
6.1
Payments in respect of Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes represented by a Global Bearer Note shall 
be made in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note and in the case of German Securities 
to the Relevant Clearing System for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the 
Relevant Clearing System against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global 
Note at the specified office of the Relevant Programme Agent, subject to the provisions in 
General Condition 13 (Payment Disruption). The Relevant Programme Agent shall make a 
record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Bearer Note, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest on the Global 
Bearer Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented, and such record shall be prima facie
evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
Payments in respect of French Notes in bearer dematerialised form shall be made in accordance 
with General Condition 6.2(g) (Payments in respect of French Notes). 
6.2
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
(a)
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Global Notes

--- Page 199 ---
General Conditions 
186 
In respect of any Registered Notes represented by a Global Note, payments of principal and 
interest shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of business on the clearing 
system business day (or on such other number of days as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) 
before the due date for payment thereof (in respect of a Global Registered Note, the "Record 
Date"), and if no further payment falls to be made, on surrender of the Global Note to or to the 
order of the Registrar, subject to the provisions of General Condition 13 (Payment Disruption). 
The Relevant Programme Agent shall make a record of each payment made against presentation 
or surrender of any Registered Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal 
and any payment of interest on the Registered Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was 
presented, and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been 
made. In this General Condition 6.2(a), "clearing system business day" means, in relation to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, each day which is not a Saturday or a Sunday, 25 
December or 1 January, and, in relation to any other Relevant Clearing System, each day on 
which such Relevant Clearing System is open for business. 
(b)
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Notes in definitive form 
In respect of any Registered Notes in definitive form, payments of principal and interest, shall 
be made by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Holder, 
by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with a Bank, subject to the provisions 
of General Condition 13 (Payment Disruption). Interest payments shall be made in accordance 
with General Condition 6.2(i) (Record Date). 
(c)
Payments in respect of Danish Notes 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of Danish Notes shall be made on the due date 
for such payment to the Holders registered as such in the VP on the Danish Record Date in 
accordance with the applicable VP Rules.  
(d)
Payments in respect of Finnish Notes 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of Finnish Notes shall be made to the Holders 
in accordance with Euroclear Finland Rules. The Record Date in respect of Finnish Notes shall 
be the first Euroclear Finland register day before the due date for payment (in respect of Finnish 
Notes, the "Finnish Record Date"). In this General Condition 6.2(d), "Euroclear Finland 
register day" means a day on which the Finnish book-entry securities system is open pursuant 
to Euroclear Finland Rules. 
(e)
Payments in respect of Norwegian Notes 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of Norwegian Notes shall be made on the due 
date for such payment to the Holders registered as such on the second business day (as defined 
in the then applicable VPS Rules) prior to the due date, or on such other business day falling 
closer to the due date as then may be stipulated in the VPS Rules (in respect of Norwegian 
Notes, the "Norwegian Record Date").  
(f)
Payments in respect of Swedish Notes 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of Swedish Notes shall be made to the Holders 
registered as such on the fifth business day (as defined by the then applicable Swedish CSD 
Rules) before the due date for such payment, or such other business day falling closer to the due 
date as then may be stipulated in the Swedish CSD Rules (in respect of Swedish Notes, the 
"Swedish Record Date") and will be made in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules.  
(g)
Payments in respect of French Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of interest, 
where applicable) in respect of French Notes shall (in the case of Notes in bearer dematerialised 
form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account denominated in the 
relevant currency of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders for the benefit of the 
Holders and (in the case of Notes in fully registered form) to an account denominated in the 
relevant currency with a Bank designated by the Holders and notified to the Issuer. All payments

--- Page 200 ---
General Conditions 
187 
validly made to such Euroclear France Account Holders or Bank will be an effective discharge 
of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(h)
Payments in respect of Swiss Notes 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of Swiss Notes (other than Swiss Notes in 
definitive form) shall be made via the Swiss Programme Agent through SIX SIS for the account 
of the relevant Holders on the due date for such payment and, in respect of Swiss Notes in 
definitive form, by transfer to an account denominated in the relevant currency drawn on with 
a Bank against presentation and surrender of the relevant Swiss Note in definitive form at the 
specified office of the Swiss Programme Agent. 
(i)
Record Date 
Each payment in respect of a Registered Note in definitive form will be paid to the person shown 
as the Holder in the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day (or on such other 
number of days as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) before the due date for the payment 
thereof (in respect of such Registered Note in definitive form, the "Record Date"). Where 
payment in respect of a Registered Note in definitive form is to be made by cheque, the cheque 
will be mailed to the address of the Holder appearing in the Register (or to the first-named of 
joint holders). 
6.3
Payments subject to laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable laws, regulations and directives in the 
place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of General Condition 18 (Taxation 
and Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation). No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Holders in respect of such payments. 
7.
Replacement of Notes 
If a registered certificate representing a Note is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority regulations, at the specified office of the Relevant Programme Agent or such other 
agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose 
and notice of whose designation is given to Holders, in each case on payment by the claimant 
of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security 
and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
registered certificate representing such Note is subsequently presented for payment, there shall 
be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Note) and 
otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced registered certificates representing a 
Note must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. Upon the issuance of any 
replacement registered certificates representing such Notes, the Issuer may require the payment 
of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental or issuance charge that may be 
imposed in connection with such replacement and any other expense (including the fees and 
expenses of the Relevant Programme Agent) connected therewith. 
D. 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO CERTIFICATES ONLY 
8.
Certificate Coupon 
8.1
Fixed Rate Coupon Certificates 
Each Fixed Rate Coupon Certificate will pay an amount (the "Coupon Amount") in respect of 
each Coupon Payment Date determined in accordance with (a) or (b) below. 
(a)
Fixed Rate Coupon Accrual  
Each Certificate will pay a Coupon Amount in respect of the Notional Amount per Certificate 
at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Fixed Rate Coupon, such Coupon 
Amount being payable in arrear on each Coupon Payment Date.

--- Page 201 ---
General Conditions 
188 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Fixed Rate Coupon Accrual Provisions" to be applicable, 
the Coupon Amount in respect of a Coupon Period shall be calculated by multiplying the 
Notional Amount by the Fixed Rate Coupon for such Coupon Period, further multiplying the 
product by the Day Count Fraction, and rounding the result in accordance with General 
Condition 22 (Rounding).  
(b)
Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount Provisions" to be 
applicable, each Certificate (or, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Trading in Notional 
(Certificates)" to be applicable, each Certificate of the Notional Amount) will pay a Coupon 
Amount equal to the Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount on each Coupon Payment Date. 
8.2
Floating Rate Coupon 
(a)
Floating Rate Coupon Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Coupon Certificate bears interest on its Notional Amount from the Floating 
Rate Coupon Commencement Date (or, if the Certificates are not Floating Rate Coupon 
Certificates on the Issue Date, then the first day of the first Floating Rate Coupon Period) at the 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Floating Rate Coupon, such interest 
being payable in arrear on each Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date.  
(b)
Determination of Floating Rate Coupon 
The coupon rate in respect of each Certificate in respect of which the "Certificate Floating Rate 
Coupon Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms for each Floating 
Rate Coupon Period (or any relevant day, as applicable) shall be determined in the manner 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms and the provisions below relating to ISDA Determination, 
Screen Rate Determination, SONIA Floating Rate Determination, SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination, TONA Floating Rate Determination or €STR Floating Rate Determination shall 
apply, depending upon which is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Floating Rate Coupon shall be determined in respect of the relevant 
Floating Rate Coupon Period (or relevant day, as applicable). 
(i)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Coupon: Subject to General Condition 8.2(c) 
(Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark 
Event) below, where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Floating Rate Coupon is to be determined, the Floating Rate Coupon 
in respect of each Floating Rate Coupon Certificate for each Floating Rate Coupon 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for a Floating Rate Coupon Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent (each as defined in the ISDA Definitions) under an interest rate swap transaction 
("Swap Transaction") under the terms of an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions, and under which: 
(A)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(B)
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
(C)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Floating Rate Coupon Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
(D)
the relevant Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method (if any) is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
provided that if, prior to:

--- Page 202 ---
General Conditions 
189 
(I)
the occurrence of an Index Cessation Effective Date (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) in respect of the ISDA Rate; and 
(II)
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date (as defined in the 
2021 Definitions); and 
(III)
the application of any provision relating to discontinued rates maturities (as 
described in the ISDA Definitions), 
the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the ISDA Definitions read with paragraphs (A) to (D) above, then the 
ISDA Rate for a Floating Rate Coupon Period (or relevant day, as applicable) shall be 
such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking 
into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 8.2(b)(i), terms used for the purpose of 
determining the relevant ISDA Rate under the relevant ISDA Definitions shall have the 
meanings given to those terms in the relevant ISDA Definitions as read together with 
General Condition 31.3 (ISDA Determination Additional Provisions). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event and 
its related Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date have occurred or are 
existing on any day in respect of the relevant ISDA Rate, the terms of General Condition 
8.2(c) shall apply. 
(ii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Coupon: Subject to General Condition 
8.2(c) 
(Consequences 
of 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark 
Event 
or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) and to General Condition 8.2(e) (Floating Rate 
Coupon Calculations) and any other applicable Conditions, where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the 
Floating Rate Coupon is to be determined, the Floating Rate Coupon for each Floating 
Rate Coupon Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the 
Relevant Time on the Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date in respect of such 
Floating Rate Coupon Period in accordance with the following: 
(A)
the Floating Rate Coupon shall be: 
(1)
the offered quotation; 
(2)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations; or 
(3)
the rate provided by the relevant administrator, 
in each case expressed as a percentage rate per annum, of the Reference Rate 
appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date; 
(B)
(subject as provided in paragraph (C) below in respect of a Reference Rate that is 
a Swap Rate) if sub-paragraph (A)(1) above applies and no such offered quotation 
appears on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (A)(2) above applies and fewer than three 
such offered quotations appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Floating 
Rate Coupon Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (A)(3) above applies and 
the Reference Rate does not appear on the relevant Page and the Reference Rate 
is not published by the administrator of the Reference Rate or an authorised 
distributor and is not otherwise provided by the administrator of the Reference 
Rate, in each case as of the Relevant Time, then a "Floating Rate Disruption" 
("Floating Rate Disruption") shall have occurred and the Floating Rate Coupon 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and

--- Page 203 ---
General Conditions 
190 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). For the avoidance of doubt and 
without limitation, the Calculation Agent may determine the relevant Floating 
Rate Coupon by reference to one or more of the following methods: 
(1)
the Floating Rate Coupon may be the Adjusted Arithmetic Mean of the 
offered quotations that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading 
banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the 
Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date, provided that the Calculation 
Agent determines that at least two such Reference Banks are so quoting 
Reference Rates; 
(2)
the Floating Rate Coupon may be the rate formally recommended for use 
by the administrator of the Reference Rate or the supervisor or competent 
authority (or a committee endorsed or convened by any such entity) 
responsible for supervising the Reference Rate or the administrator 
thereof; and 
(3)
the Floating Rate Coupon may be the Reference Rate last provided or 
published by the relevant administrator; or 
(C)
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (B) above, where a Floating Rate Disruption has 
occurred in respect of a Reference Rate that is a Swap Rate, the Floating Rate 
Coupon for such Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date (or other day (as 
applicable)) shall be such commercially reasonable alternative rate as is 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it considers appropriate and 
any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). 
(iii)
SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(A)
Compounded Daily SONIA – Non-Index Determination: Subject to General 
Condition 8.2(c) (Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event), where SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Non-Index Determination) is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner 
in which the Floating Rate Coupon is to be determined, the Floating Rate Coupon 
for each Floating Rate Coupon Period shall be Compounded Daily SONIA as 
determined in respect of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 8.2(b)(iii)(A), "Compounded Daily 
SONIA" means, in respect of a Floating Rate Coupon Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Determination 
Date (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards): 
(1)
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑
(2)
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, as follows:

--- Page 204 ---
General Conditions 
191 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA rate in respect of any 
London Banking Day. The SONIA rate applied to a day that is not a London 
Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA rate for the previous London 
Banking Day but without compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
"d" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant Floating 
Rate Coupon Period. 
"d0" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Floating Rate Coupon Period, except if the first calendar day of the 
Floating Rate Coupon Period is not a London Banking Day, then it is the 
number of London Banking Days in the relevant Floating Rate Coupon 
Period plus 1. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last London 
Banking Day in such Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period to, and including, the last 
London Banking Day in such Floating Rate Coupon Period, except that, if 
the first calendar day of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period is not a 
London Banking Day, it means a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, 
where i=1 represents the first calendar day of such Floating Rate Coupon 
Period, and each of i=2 to d0 represents the relevant London Banking Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period to, and including, the last 
London Banking Day in such Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
"ni" for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
day "i" up to, but excluding, the earlier of (i) the following London Banking Day 
and (ii) the last day of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of a Floating Rate Coupon Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the

--- Page 205 ---
General Conditions 
192 
first day of such Floating Rate Coupon Period and ending on, but excluding, the 
date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Floating Rate Coupon Period 
End Date for such Floating Rate Coupon Period (or the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Securities become 
due and payable).  
"p" means five London Banking Days or such number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"SONIAi" or "SONIA rate", in respect of any London Banking Day "i", in the 
relevant Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors (on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day). 
"SONIAi-pLBD" in respect of any day "i", in the relevant Floating Rate Coupon 
Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA) rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to such day "i", except that where i=1 and the first calendar day of the 
relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period is not a London Banking Day, it means a 
reference rate equal to the SONIA rate for the London Banking Day falling "p"+1 
London Banking Days prior to such day "i", in each case as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors (on the London Banking Day immediately following the 
London Banking Day falling "p" or "p"+1, as applicable, London Banking Days 
prior to such day "i"). 
∏
⬚
𝑛
𝑖=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For 
example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
365) −1
30
𝑖=1
]
means [(1 + X1 / 365 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2  / 365 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 365 ) – 1]. 
If, in respect of any relevant London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the relevant Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the Calculation 
Agent will determine such SONIA rate as being the SONIA rate published on the 
relevant Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published 
on such Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). If 
the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to determine the SONIA rate in 
accordance with the preceding sentence, the SONIA rate in respect of the relevant 
London Banking Day shall be such other rate as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate and any 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market). 
(B)
Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination: Subject to General Condition 
8.2(c) 
(Consequences 
of 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark 
Event 
or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event), where SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Index Determination) is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Floating Rate Coupon is to be determined, the Floating Rate Coupon 
for each Floating Rate Coupon Period shall, subject as provided below, be 
calculated by reference to the screen rate or index administered by the

--- Page 206 ---
General Conditions 
193 
administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average reference rate that is 
published or displayed by such administrator or other information service from 
time to time at the relevant time on the relevant determination dates specified 
below (the "SONIA Compounded Index") and the following formula. Such 
Floating Rate Coupon will be plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue 
Terms) the Margin (if any): 
Compounded Daily SONIA = 
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑦
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑥
−1) × 365
𝑑
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which "x" is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which "y" is 
determined;  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"x" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the first day of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period; and 
"y" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon 
Period. 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SONIA Compounded Index 
value has not been provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant 
administrator (or any successor administrator) or authorised distributors or the 
relevant website is not available, the relevant SONIA Compounded Index value 
will be the last such value provided for the SONIA Compounded Index. If the 
Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to determine the SONIA 
Compounded Index in accordance with the preceding sentence, the SONIA 
Compounded Index in respect of the relevant determination date shall be such 
other rate as determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources 
as it considers appropriate and any alternative benchmarks then available and 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). 
(iv)
SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
(A)
Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index Determination: Subject to General 
Condition 8.2(c) (Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event), where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating Rate 
Coupon is to be determined, the Floating Rate Coupon for each Floating Rate 
Coupon Period shall, subject as provided below and save where Index 
Determination applies, be Compounded Daily SOFR plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if any). 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, in respect of a Floating Rate Coupon 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Floating 
Rate Coupon Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards:

--- Page 207 ---
General Conditions 
194 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
"d" means: 
(i) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Lag" as the applicable 
Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant Floating 
Rate Coupon Period; or  
(ii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Shift" as the applicable 
Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period;  
"d0" means: 
(i) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Lag" as the applicable 
Observation Method, in respect of any Floating Rate Coupon Period, the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Floating Rate Coupon Period, except if the first calendar day of the 
Floating Rate Coupon Period is not a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, then it is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period plus 1; or  
(ii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Shift" as the applicable 
Observation Method, in respect of any SOFR Observation Period, the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period; 
"i" means: 
(i) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Lag" as the applicable 
Observation Method, a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period, 
except that, if the first calendar day of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon 
Period is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, it means a series 
of whole numbers from 1 to d0, where i=1 represents the first calendar day 
of such Floating Rate Coupon Period, and each of i=2 to d0 represents the 
relevant U.S. Government  Securities Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government  Securities Business Day 
in the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period to, and including, the last U.S. 
Government  Securities Business Day in such Floating Rate Coupon 
Period; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Shift" as the applicable 
Observation Method, a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant the SOFR Observation Period; 
"ni" for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from and including, such 
day "i" up to but excluding, the earlier of (i) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day and (ii) the last day of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon 
Period;

--- Page 208 ---
General Conditions 
195 
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"SOFR Observation Period" means in respect of each Floating Rate Coupon 
Period, the period from and including the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first date in such Floating Rate Coupon 
Period to but excluding the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date in respect of the 
relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period; 
"SOFR Reference Rate", in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day ("USBDx"), is a reference rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing 
("SOFR") rate for such USBDx as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website of any 
successor administrator for the publication of such rate (the "New York Federal 
Reserve's Website") (in each case, on or about 3:00 p.m., New York City time, 
on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such 
USBDx) or if the New York Federal Reserve's Website is unavailable as otherwise 
published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator; 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means: 
(a)
where in the relevant Issue Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method, (save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) in respect of any 
day "i" falling in the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period, the SOFR 
Reference Rate for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day "i", 
except that where i=1 and the first calendar day of the relevant Floating 
Rate Coupon Period is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, it 
means a reference rate equal to the SOFR Reference Rate for the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days falling "p"+1 U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such day "i"; or 
(b)
where in the relevant Issue Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method, (save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) SOFRi, where 
SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" 
falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference 
Rate for such day;  
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities; and 
∏
⬚
𝑛
𝑖=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For 
example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
360) −1
30
𝑖=1
]
means [(1 + X1 / 360 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2  / 360 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 360 ) – 1]. 
(B)
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination: Subject to General Condition 
8.2(c) 
(Consequences 
of 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark 
Event 
or

--- Page 209 ---
General Conditions 
196 
Administrator/Benchmark Event), where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating Rate 
Coupon is to be determined and Index Determination is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Floating Rate Coupon for each 
Floating Rate Coupon Period shall, subject as provided below, be calculated by 
reference to the following formula and based on the SOFR Index (as defined 
below) (the "SOFR Compounded Index") and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards. Such Floating Rate Coupon shall 
be plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if any): 
Compounded Daily SOFR = 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × 360
𝑑𝑐
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to 
which SOFR IndexEnd is determined; 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such index (or any successor administrator of such 
index) as such index appears on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website of 
any successor administrator for the publication of such index at 3:00 pm New 
York City time; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Floating 
Rate Coupon Period End Date for the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period; 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of 
the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities. 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SOFR or SOFR Index value, as 
applicable, has not been provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant 
administrator (or any successor administrator) or authorised distributors or the 
relevant website is not available, the relevant SOFR or SOFR Index value, as 
applicable, will be the last provided or published value for the SOFR or SOFR 
Index as applicable prior to the day on which the SOFR or SOFR Index value is 
required. If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to determine the 
SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, in accordance with the preceding 
sentence, the SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, in respect of the relevant 
determination date shall be such other rate as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate and any 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market).

--- Page 210 ---
General Conditions 
197 
(v)
TONA Floating Rate Determination 
Compounded Daily TONA: Subject to General Condition 8.2(c) (Consequences of an 
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event), where TONA 
Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Floating Rate Coupon is to be determined, the Floating Rate Coupon for each 
Floating Rate Coupon Period shall be Compounded Daily TONA as determined in 
respect of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 4.2(b)(v), "Compounded Daily TONA" 
means, in respect of a Floating Rate Coupon Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Yen overnight reference rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
relevant Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards) as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑏
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑡𝑛𝑑𝑏
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily TONA 
only compounds the TONA rate in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day. The TONA rate 
applied to a day that is not a Tokyo Banking Day will be taken by applying the TONA 
rate for the previous Tokyo Banking Day but without compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
"db" means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to db, each representing the relevant Tokyo 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo Banking Day 
in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last Tokyo Banking Day in such 
Observation Period. 
"ni" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such Tokyo Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following Tokyo 
Banking Day. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of a Floating Rate Coupon Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Floating Rate Coupon Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" Business 
Days prior to the Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date for such Floating Rate Coupon 
Period.  
"p" means ten or such other number as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"𝐭𝐧𝐝𝐛" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
"Tokyo Banking Day" means any calendar day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business 
(including settling payments and dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in Tokyo.  
"TONAi" or "TONA rate" in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day "i", in the relevant 
Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily TONA as provided by the 
administrator of TONA to, and published by, authorised distributors of TONA as of 
approximately 10:00 a.m., Tokyo time (or any amended publication time as specified by

--- Page 211 ---
General Conditions 
198 
the administrator of TONA in the TONA benchmark methodology), on the TONA Fixing 
Day.  
If in respect of any relevant determination date the TONA rate is not published by the 
administrator of TONA or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise provided by the 
administrator of TONA by either (A) the TONA Fixing Day or (B) such other date on 
which TONA is required, then the rate for that Tokyo Banking Day "i" will be the last 
provided or published TONA. If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to 
determine the TONA rate in accordance with the preceding sentence, the TONA rate in 
respect of the relevant determination date shall be such other rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate and any 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
"TONA" means the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate (TONA) administered by the Bank 
of Japan (or any successor administrator). 
"TONA Fixing Day" means, in respect of TONA and a Tokyo Banking Day "i", the 
Tokyo Banking Day immediately following that day "i" (or any amended publication 
day for TONA as specified by the administrator of TONA in the TONA benchmark 
methodology). 
(vi)
€STR Floating Rate Determination 
Compounded Daily €STR: Subject to General Condition 4.2(c) (Consequences of an 
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event), where €STR 
Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Floating Rate Coupon is to be determined, the Floating Rate Coupon for each 
Floating Rate Coupon Period shall be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 8.2(b)(vi), "Compounded Daily €STR" 
means, in respect of a Floating Rate Coupon Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant 
Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 per 
cent. being rounded upwards): 
(1)
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 +  €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
𝑑
(2)
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 +  €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝑆𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
𝑑
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily €STR only compounds the €STR rate in respect of any 
TARGET2 Settlement Day. The €STR reference rate applied to a day that is not 
a TARGET2 Settlement Day will be taken by applying the €STR reference rate 
for the previous TARGET2 Settlement Day but without compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings:

--- Page 212 ---
General Conditions 
199 
"d" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant Floating 
Rate Coupon Period. 
"d0" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of TARGET2 Settlement Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of TARGET2 Settlement Days in the 
relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period, except if the first calendar day of 
the Floating Rate Coupon Period is not a TARGET2 Settlement Day, then 
it is the number of TARGET2 Settlement Days in the relevant Floating 
Rate Coupon Period plus 1. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET2 Settlement Day in chronological order: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first TARGET2 Settlement 
Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last 
TARGET2 Settlement Day in such Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first TARGET2 Settlement 
Day in the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period to, and including, the last 
TARGET2 Settlement Day in such Floating Rate Coupon Period, except 
that, if the first calendar day of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period 
is not a TARGET2 Settlement Day, it means a series of whole numbers 
from 1 to d0, where i=1 represents the first calendar day of such Floating 
Rate Coupon Period, and each of i=2 to d0 represents the relevant 
TARGET2 Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first TARGET2 Settlement Day in the relevant Floating Rate Coupon 
Period to, and including, the last TARGET2 Settlement Day in such 
Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
"ni" for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
day "i" up to, but excluding, the earlier of (i) the following TARGET2 Settlement 
Day and (ii) the last day of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of a Floating Rate Coupon Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior 
to the first day of such Floating Rate Coupon Period and ending on, but excluding, 
the date falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the Floating Rate Coupon 
Period End Date for such Floating Rate Coupon Period (or the date falling "p" 
TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Securities become due and payable).  
"p" means five TARGET2 Settlement Days or such number of TARGET2 
Settlement Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"€STRi" or "€STR rate" in respect of any TARGET2 Settlement Day "i", in the 
relevant Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-
term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET2 Settlement Day as provided by the

--- Page 213 ---
General Conditions 
200 
administrator of €STR to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors (on the TARGET2 Settlement Day immediately following 
such TARGET2 Settlement Day). 
"€STRi-pTSD" in respect of any day "i", in the relevant Floating Rate Coupon 
Period, means a reference rate equal to €STR for the TARGET2 Settlement Day 
falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such day "i", except that where 
i=1 and the first calendar day of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period is not 
a TARGET2 Settlement Day, it means a reference rate equal to €STR for the 
TARGET2 Settlement Day falling "p"+1 TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to 
such day "i", in each case as provided by the administrator of €STR to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the 
TARGET2 Settlement Day immediately following the TARGET2 Settlement 
Day falling "p" " or "p"+1, as applicable TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such 
day "i"). 
∏
⬚
𝑛
𝑖=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For 
example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
360) −1
30
𝑖=1
]
means [(1 + X1 / 360 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2  / 360 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 360 ) – 1]. 
If, in respect of any relevant TARGET2 Settlement Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the €STR rate is not available on the relevant Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the Calculation 
Agent will determine such €STR rate as being the €STR rate published on the 
relevant Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding TARGET2 Settlement Day on which the €STR rate was 
published on such Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to determine 
the €STR rate in accordance with the preceding sentence, the €STR rate in respect 
of the relevant TARGET2 Settlement Day shall be such other rate as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers 
appropriate and any alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, 
the derivatives market). 
(c)
Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event 
(i)
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event:  
(A)
Notwithstanding anything else in General Condition 8.2(b) (Determination of 
Floating Rate Coupon) and subject to paragraph (B) below, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event and its related Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date have occurred or are existing on any 
day (i) in respect of a Reference Rate, or (ii) where the relevant Reference Rate 
is a Compounded RFR, in respect of the RFR referenced in such Compounded 
RFR, in each case in respect of the Securities (such affected Reference Rate (or 
where the Reference Rate is a Compounded RFR, the RFR referenced in such 
Compounded RFR), a "Discontinued Reference Rate"), then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Floating Rate Coupon for the relevant Floating Rate 
Coupon Period (or relevant day, as applicable) in respect of such Securities in 
accordance with the following methodologies, as applicable: 
(1)
Compounded RFRs: where the Discontinued Reference Rate is an RFR 
referenced in a Compounded RFR, the Discontinued Reference Rate shall

--- Page 214 ---
General Conditions 
201 
be replaced by the applicable Recommended Fallback Rate with effect 
from and including the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date 
and the Recommended Fallback Rate will be used for the calculation of 
the Reference Rate with effect from such date. Where the Recommended 
Fallback Rate is used, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) 
that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation 
methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms of 
the Securities to account for such change to the method of determination 
of the Floating Rate Coupon, including (but not limited to) any such 
adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent determines are required in order 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any change in 
the economic value of the Securities from such change to the method of 
determination of the Floating Rate Coupon. Any such adjustment(s) which 
the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate (1) shall be made to 
the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market), (2) may include an adjustment factor and/or 
adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative) together with any 
technical, administrative or operational changes and (3) may be applied on 
more than one occasion and may be made as of one or more effective dates; 
(2)
Compounded Indices – Index Cessation: where the Discontinued 
Reference Rate is a Compounded Index, with effect from and including 
the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date, the Floating Rate 
Coupon in respect of such Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date, and 
any subsequent Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date, shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to: 
(a)
the last published level of the applicable Compounded Index; 
(b)
the benchmark methodology for the applicable Compounded 
Index, as published by the administrator thereof; and 
(c)
the Underlying RFR, as provided by the administrator of the 
Underlying RFR for each day in respect of which the Underlying 
RFR is required for such determination; 
(3)
Compounded Indices – Underlying Rate Cessation: where the specified 
Reference 
Rate 
is 
a 
Compounded 
Index 
and 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event and its related Index Cessation/Benchmark 
Event Effective Date have occurred in respect of the Underlying RFR, with 
effect from and including the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective 
Date, the Floating Rate Coupon in respect of such Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date, and any subsequent Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to: 
(a)
the last published level of the applicable Compounded Index; 
(b)
the benchmark methodology for the applicable Compounded 
Index, as published by the administrator thereof; and 
(c)
the rate that would apply for derivative transactions referencing the 
2021 Definitions, on or after the occurrence of an Index Cessation 
Effective Date (as defined in the 2021 Definitions) (which 
definition 
is 
substantively 
the 
same 
as 
"Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date") with respect to the 
applicable Underlying RFR; 
(4)
Swap Rates: where the specified Reference Rate is a Swap Rate, with 
effect from and including the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective

--- Page 215 ---
General Conditions 
202 
Date, the Floating Rate Coupon in respect of such Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date, and any subsequent Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the alternative rate of interest (the "Alternative 
Recommended Rate") formally recommended by (in the following 
order): 
(a)
the central bank for the currency in which the Discontinued 
Reference Rate is denominated; or 
(b)
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank, the 
central bank (if different) or other supervisor responsible for 
supervising (i) the Discontinued Reference Rate, or (ii) the 
administrator of the Discontinued Reference Rate; or 
(c)
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank or 
supervisor, any working group or committee officially endorsed or 
convened by any such central bank or supervisor, or any group 
thereof, or 
(d)
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (a), (b) or 
(c), the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof, or 
(e)
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (a), (b), (c) 
or (d), where such Alternative Recommended Rate is substantially 
the same as the Discontinued Reference Rate, the administrator, 
provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no 
Alternative Recommended Rate, the Floating Rate Coupon in respect of 
such Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date, and any subsequent 
Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date, shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to such other reference rate(s) and/or price 
source(s) and/or combination thereof that the Calculation Agent 
determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative to the 
Discontinued Reference Rate. If the Calculation Agent determines the 
Floating Rate Coupon in accordance with this General Condition 
8.2(c)(i)(A)(4), it may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be 
appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the Securities to account 
for such change to the method of determination of the Floating Rate 
Coupon, including (but not limited to) any such adjustment(s) that the 
Calculation Agent determines are required in order to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable, any change in the economic value of 
the Securities from such change to the method of determination of the 
Floating Rate Coupon. Any such adjustment(s) which the Calculation 
Agent determines to be appropriate (1) shall be made to the extent 
reasonably practicable, but also taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market), (2) may include an adjustment factor and/or 
adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative) together with any 
technical, administrative or operational changes and (3) may be applied on 
more than one occasion and may be made as of one or more effective dates. 
(5)
Generic Permanent Fallback: notwithstanding any other provision or term 
of the General Conditions, where (a) the Reference Rate is not a rate in 
respect of which a determination methodology is specified in any of sub-
paragraphs (A)(1), (A)(2), (A)(3) and (A)(4) above, or (b) the Reference 
Rate is a rate in respect of which a determination methodology is specified 
in any of sub-paragraphs (A)(1), (A)(2), (A)(3) and (A)(4) above and 
"Generic Permanent Fallback" is specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Floating Rate Coupon

--- Page 216 ---
General Conditions 
203 
for the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period (or relevant day, as 
applicable) in respect of such Securities in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, after consulting any source it deems to 
be reasonable, as: 
(a)
a substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price 
source that it has determined is the industry-accepted standard in 
any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market) substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source for the relevant Reference Rate; or 
(b)
if it determines there is no such industry-accepted standard in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market) substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source, then a substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark 
or other price source that it determines is a commercially 
reasonable alternative to the Reference Rate, taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market), 
in each case, provided that (i) any such substitute or successor rate, index, 
benchmark or other price source may (without limitation) comprise a 
replacement rate, index, benchmark or other price source, which is 
determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a 
"risk-free rate", (ii) there may be more than one such substitute or 
successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source (which may be 
applied as of one or more effective dates), (iii) the Floating Rate Coupon 
may include an adjustment factor or adjustment spread pursuant to the 
paragraph immediately below and (iv) the Conditions may be subject to 
adjustment pursuant to the paragraph immediately below. 
If the Calculation Agent determines the Floating Rate Coupon in 
accordance with this General Condition 8.2(c)(i)(A)(5), it may make such 
adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, 
calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any 
other terms of the Securities to account for such change to the method of 
determination of the Floating Rate Coupon, including (but not limited to) 
any such adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent determines are required 
in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any 
change in the economic value of the Securities from such change to the 
method of determination of the Floating Rate Coupon. Any such 
adjustment(s) which the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate 
(1) shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market), (2) may include an adjustment 
factor and/or adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative) 
together with any technical, administrative or operational changes and (3) 
may be applied on more than one occasion and may be made as of one or 
more effective dates. 
(B)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the application of General Condition 
8.2(c)(i)(A) (i) would not achieve a commercially reasonable result (because it is 
not possible or commercially reasonable to identify a replacement or successor 
rate, index, benchmark or other price source, or relevant adjustments or for any 
other reason) and/or (ii) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable 
law or regulation or it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements to 
determine the Floating Rate Coupon in accordance with the terms of such 
provisions, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall be 
redeemed, in which event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect 
of each Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as 
defined in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment

--- Page 217 ---
General Conditions 
204 
Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event 
which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted) on a date specified by 
it in a notice to the Holders. 
(ii)
Administrator/Benchmark Event: if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event and its related Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date have occurred or are existing on any day in respect of any Securities and 
a Relevant Benchmark, the Calculation Agent may: 
(A)
make such adjustment to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Securities of 
such Administrator/Benchmark Event (including without limitation, to select a 
successor Relevant Benchmark) and any adjustment(s) that it determines to be 
appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the Securities to account for such 
replacement and/or change to the method of determination of the Floating Rate 
Coupon, including (but not limited to) any such adjustment(s) that the Calculation 
Agent determines are required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, any change in the economic value of the Securities from 
such replacement and/or change to the method of determination of the Floating 
Rate Coupon; 
(B)
determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the Issuer will 
cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount 
equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 31.1 
(Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment 
Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early 
redemption)" shall be deleted). 
Notwithstanding anything else in this General Condition 8.2(c)(ii), in the event that the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event comprises a Material Methodology Change Event, 
the Calculation Agent may determine not to undertake any or all of the actions 
described in this General Condition 8.2(c)(ii). 
(iii)
Interim measures: If, at any time, following (i) an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event but 
prior to any replacement or amendment having become effective pursuant to General 
Condition 8.2(c)(i) above and/or (ii) an Administrator/Benchmark Event but prior to any 
adjustment and/or redemption and/or cancellation and/or any other action the Issuer may 
take under General Condition 8.2(c)(ii) taking effect, the relevant Reference Rate is 
required for any determination in respect of the Securities, then: 
(A)
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable 
law or regulation for the Securities to reference the Reference Rate and for the 
Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to use the Reference Rate to perform its or 
their respective obligations under the Securities, the level of the Reference Rate 
shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination 
of the Reference Rate as if no Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event (as applicable) had occurred; or 
(B)
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under 
applicable law or regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or to the Calculation 
Agent (as applicable) for the Securities to reference the Reference Rate or for any 
such entity to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations 
under the Securities, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
having regard to such sources as it considers appropriate and any alternative 
benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards 
in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market), as 
(a) a substitute or successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted 
(in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate for the relevant Reference 
Rate or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-accepted (in the derivatives

--- Page 218 ---
General Conditions 
205 
market) substitute or successor rate, a substitute or successor rate that it 
determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the Reference Rate, taking 
into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). If such Reference Rate is determined 
as any such substituted or successor rate, the Calculation Agent may determine 
such other amendments to the Securities which it considers are necessary and/or 
appropriate in order to reflect the replacement of the Reference Rate with such 
substituted or successor rate. If the Calculation Agent determines the Reference 
Rate in accordance with this paragraph, the Calculation Agent shall notify the 
Issuer of such determination made by it and the action that it proposes to take in 
respect of any such determination and the Issuer, in turn, shall notify the Holders 
thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. 
(iv)
Hierarchy 
if 
both 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark 
Event 
and 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs: If the Calculation Agent determines that an 
event in respect of a Reference Rate constitutes both an Index Cessation/Benchmark 
Event and an Administrator/Benchmark Event, then it will be deemed to an Index 
Cessation/Benchmark and not an Administrator/Benchmark Event, provided that if an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Effective Date has not occurred before the Relevant 
Benchmark ceases to be available, then General Condition 8.2(c)(iii) (Interim measures) 
shall apply as if an Administrator/Benchmark Event had occurred. 
(v)
Corrections to Published and Displayed Rates: In the event that (i) the Reference Rate 
determined in accordance with General Condition 8.2 (Floating Rate Coupon) above or 
(ii) where the relevant Reference Rate is a Compounded RFR, the RFR referenced in 
such Compounded RFR, is subsequently corrected, and the correction (the "Corrected 
Rate") is published after the original publication but no later than the longer of (a) one 
hour after such original publication and (b) any other period for corrections specified by 
a relevant administrator in its methodology for the relevant Reference Rate (or where the 
Reference Rate is a Compounded RFR, the RFR referenced in such Compounded RFR), 
then provided that such Corrected Rate is published on or prior to the date falling two 
Business Days prior to the date on which a related payment is scheduled to be made 
under the Securities (the "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date"), then such Corrected 
Rate shall be deemed to be the relevant Reference Rate (or where the Reference Rate is 
a Compounded RFR, the RFR referenced in such Compounded RFR) and the Calculation 
Agent shall use such Corrected Rate in determining the relevant Floating Rate Coupon. 
Any corrections published after the second Business Day prior to the Relevant Scheduled 
Payment Date shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the relevant Floating 
Rate Coupon. 
(d)
Accrual of interest on Floating Rate Coupon Certificates 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Floating Rate Coupon Certificate on the due date for 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the Floating Rate 
Coupon in the manner provided in this General Condition 8.2 to the Relevant Payment Date. 
(e)
Floating Rate Coupon Calculations 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Floating Rate Coupon Certificate for any period 
shall be calculated by applying the Floating Rate Coupon for such period to the Notional 
Amount, multiplying the product by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the result in 
accordance with General Condition 22 (Rounding), unless a Coupon Amount (or a formula for 
its calculation) is specified in respect of such period, in which case the Coupon Amount payable 
in respect of such Certificate for such period shall equal such Coupon Amount (or be calculated 
in accordance with such formula).  
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Issue Terms (either (i) generally or (ii) in relation to 
one or more Floating Rate Coupon Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Floating Rate 
Coupons, in the case of (i), or the Floating Rate Coupons for the specified Floating Rate Coupon 
Periods, in the case of (ii) by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if

--- Page 219 ---
General Conditions 
206 
a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to General Condition 8.2(f) (Maximum 
Floating Rate Coupon or Minimum Floating Rate Coupon (or both)). 
If the amount of interest payable for any period as calculated in accordance with the above 
would otherwise be an amount less than zero, such amount shall be deemed to be zero.  
(f)
Maximum Floating Rate Coupon or Minimum Floating Rate Coupon (or both) 
If (i) a Minimum Floating Rate Coupon is specified for a Floating Rate Coupon Period in the 
relevant Issue Terms, then the Floating Rate Coupon for such Floating Rate Coupon Period shall 
be no less than the Minimum Floating Rate Coupon, (ii) a Maximum Floating Rate Coupon is 
specified for a Floating Rate Coupon Period in the relevant Issue Terms, then the Floating Rate 
Coupon for such Floating Rate Coupon Period shall be no greater than the Maximum Floating 
Rate Coupon, or (iii) a Maximum Floating Rate Coupon and a Minimum Floating Rate Coupon 
are specified for a Floating Rate Coupon Period in the relevant Issue Terms, then the Floating 
Rate Coupon for such Floating Rate Coupon Period shall be no less than the Minimum Floating 
Rate Coupon and no greater than the Maximum Floating Rate Coupon. 
(g)
Determination and publication of Floating Rate Coupon 
As soon as practicable after any relevant time (which, in respect of a Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date shall be the applicable Relevant Time) on such date as the Calculation 
Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any 
determination or calculation or adjustment to the terms of the Certificates with respect to the 
calculation of the Coupon Amount or the Floating Rate Coupon, as applicable, it shall determine 
such rate or amount and calculate the Coupon Amounts in respect of the Notional Amount of 
the Certificates for the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Floating Rate Coupon 
and/or the Coupon Amounts for each Floating Rate Coupon Period and the relevant Floating 
Rate Coupon Payment Date to be notified to the Relevant Programme Agent, the Issuer, each 
of the Paying Agents, any other Calculation Agent or Delivery Agent appointed in respect of 
the Certificates that is to make a further calculation or delivery upon receipt of such information 
and, if the Certificates are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Floating 
Rate Coupon Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such 
exchange of a Floating Rate Coupon and Coupon Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after such determination.  
Where any Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date or Floating Rate Coupon Period is subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention, the Coupon Amounts 
and the Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Floating Rate Coupon Period. If the Certificates become due 
and payable under General Condition 15 (Events of Default), the accrued interest and the 
Floating Rate Coupon payable in respect of the Certificates shall nevertheless continue to be 
calculated as previously in accordance with this General Condition 8 but no publication of the 
Floating Rate Coupon or the Coupon Amount so calculated need be made. 
8.3
Reference Asset Linked Coupon Certificates 
Each Reference Asset Linked Coupon Certificate will pay a Coupon Amount in respect of each 
Certificate (or, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Trading in Notional (Certificates)" to be 
applicable, in respect of each notional amount of each Certificate equal to the Calculation 
Amount) on each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Amount shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the Payout Conditions.

--- Page 220 ---
General Conditions 
207 
8.4
Coupon payment on Early Redemption Date, Daily Observation Early Redemption Date 
or Redemption Date 
If any Coupon Amount will be payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on an Early 
Redemption Date or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date or the Redemption Date, such 
Coupon Amount will be payable together with any Early Redemption Amount payable on such 
Early Redemption Date or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date or any Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date. 
8.5
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Certificates and Floating-to-Fixed Rate Certificates  
(a)
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Certificates 
If "Fixed-to-Floating Rate Certificates" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(i)
with respect to the first Coupon Period, and such subsequent Coupon Periods as are 
specified for this purpose in the relevant Issue Terms, the Certificates will pay a Coupon 
Amount determined in accordance with General Condition 8.1 (Fixed Rate Coupon 
Certificates) and the relevant Issue Terms; and 
(ii)
with respect to each Coupon Period thereafter, the Certificates will pay a Coupon 
Amount determined in accordance with General Condition 8.2 (Floating Rate Coupon) 
and the relevant Issue Terms. 
(b)
Floating-to-Fixed Rate Certificates 
If "Floating-to-Fixed Rate Certificates" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(i)
with respect to the first Coupon Period, and such subsequent Coupon Periods as are 
specified for this purpose in the relevant Issue Terms, the Certificates will pay a Coupon 
Amount determined in accordance with General Condition 8.2 (Floating Rate Coupon) 
and the relevant Issue Terms; and 
(ii)
with respect to each Coupon Period thereafter, the Certificates will pay a Coupon 
Amount determined in accordance with General Condition 8.1 (Fixed Rate Coupon 
Certificates) and the relevant Issue Terms. 
9.
Redemption Rights in respect of Certificates 
9.1
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If "Call Option" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer may redeem 
all of the Certificates on an Optional Redemption Date by giving notice to the Holders on or 
prior to the Call Option Exercise Date corresponding to such Optional Redemption Date in 
accordance with General Condition 26 (Notices) and each Certificate (or, if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Trading in Notional (Certificates)" to be applicable, each notional amount of 
each Certificate equal to the Calculation Amount) shall be redeemed by payment of the Optional 
Redemption Amount on the Optional Redemption Date.  
9.2
Redemption on the Redemption Date 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and/or cancelled, each Certificate shall be redeemed by 
the Issuer on the Redemption Date at its Redemption Amount, if any. The Redemption Amount 
shall be notified to the Relevant Clearing System(s) and/or any Holders of Certificates that are 
in definitive form, with a copy to the Relevant Programme Agent and the Issuer by no later than 
10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the earlier of (a) one Clearing System Business Day after the 
Redemption Date and (b) the Settlement Date. 
9.3
Redemption Procedure 
(a)
Cash Settlement

--- Page 221 ---
General Conditions 
208 
(i)
Transfer of Redemption Amount: The Issuer shall, for each Certificate being redeemed 
and which is to be settled by Cash Settlement, transfer or procure the transfer of the 
Redemption Amount for value on the Redemption Date in respect of such Certificate, 
less any Expenses which the Issuer is required by law to deduct or withhold, or is 
authorised to deduct: 
(A)
in respect of Certificates represented by a Global Certificate (other than 
Certificates which are German Securities) to the Relevant Clearing System(s) for 
the credit of the account of the relevant Holder outside the United States;  
(B)
in respect of Swiss Securities (other than Swiss Securities in definitive form) via 
the Swiss Programme Agent through SIX SIS for the account of the relevant 
Holders outside the United States; 
(C)
in respect of Certificates represented by a Global Certificate which are German 
Securities, to the Relevant Clearing System for the credit of the account of the 
relevant account holder in the Relevant Clearing System;  
(D)
in respect of Certificates in definitive form (other than Certificates which are 
Swiss Securities), by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at 
the option of the Holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency 
with a Bank; or 
(E)
in respect of Certificates in definitive form which are Swiss Securities, by transfer 
to an account denominated in the relevant currency drawn on with a Bank against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates in definitive form at the 
specified office of the Swiss Programme Agent, 
subject, in each case, to General Condition 13 (Payment Disruption). 
(ii)
Finnish Certificates, Norwegian Certificates and Swedish Certificates: In respect of 
Finnish Certificates, Norwegian Certificates and Swedish Certificates, Cash Settlement 
will occur in accordance with Euroclear Finland Rules, the VPS Rules or the Swedish 
CSD Rules respectively, and payments will be effected to the Holder recorded as such 
on the Relevant Record Date to an account outside the United States and subject in each 
case to the provisions of General Condition 13 (Payment Disruption). 
(b)
Physical Settlement 
(i)
Transfer of Reference Asset Amount: The Issuer shall, for each Certificate being 
redeemed and which is to be settled by Physical Settlement, transfer or procure the 
transfer of the Reference Asset Amount in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Physical Settlement).  
(ii)
Finnish Certificates, Norwegian Certificates and Swedish Certificates: In addition, in 
respect of Finnish Certificates, Norwegian Certificates and Swedish Certificates, 
Physical Settlement will occur in accordance with Euroclear Finland Rules, the VPS 
Rules or the Swedish CSD Rules respectively, and transfers will be effected to the Holder 
recorded as such on the Relevant Record Date. Finnish Certificates may only be subject 
to Cash Settlement in accordance with Euroclear Finland Rules. 
(c)
Expenses 
The Issuer is authorised to deduct from the Redemption Amount (i) all Expenses, if any, payable 
by the Issuer or its affiliates in connection with the redemption of the Certificates, (ii) any and 
all Expenses in relation to any transfer of the Reference Asset Amount made as a result of such 
redemption, (iii) if the relevant Issue Terms specify exercise rights, all Expenses arising in 
connection with the exercise of the Certificates in the place in which the relevant Exercise 
Notice is delivered for exercise, (iv) if the relevant Issue Terms specify exercise rights, all 
Expenses involved in delivering the relevant Exercise Notice that are payable by the Issuer or 
its affiliates, and (v) all Expenses, if any, involved with complying with any Non-U.S. 
Certification that are payable by the Issuer or its affiliates.

--- Page 222 ---
General Conditions 
209 
(d)
Record Date 
Each payment in respect of: 
(i)
a Registered Certificate represented by a Global Security will be paid to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register as at the close of business on the clearing system 
business day (or on such other number of days as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) 
before the due date for the payment thereof (in respect of such Registered Certificate 
represented by a Global Security, the "Record Date"). In this General Condition 
9.3(d)(i), "clearing system business day" means, in relation to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, each day which is not a Saturday or a Sunday, 25 December 
or 1 January, and, in relation to any other Relevant Clearing System, each day on which 
such Relevant Clearing System is open for business;  
(ii)
a Registered Certificate in definitive form will be paid to the person shown as the Holder 
in the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day (or on such other number of 
days as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) before the due date for the payment thereof 
(in respect of such Registered Certificate in definitive form, the "Record Date"). Where 
payment in respect of a Registered Certificate in definitive form is to be made by cheque, 
the cheque will be mailed to the address of the Holder appearing in the Register (or to 
the first-named of joint holders);  
(iii)
a Swedish Certificate shall be made to the Holders registered as such on the fifth business 
day (where the Swedish Certificates have been registered by the Swedish CSD on the 
basis of notional amount or are denominated in EUR) or, as the case may be, on the 
fourth business day (where the Swedish Certificates have been registered by the Swedish 
CSD on the basis of the number of securities) (in each case as such business day is 
defined by the then applicable Swedish CSD Rules) before the due date for such 
payment, or, in each case, on such other business day falling closer to the due date as 
then may be stipulated in the Swedish CSD Rules (in respect of Swedish Certificates, the 
"Swedish Record Date") and will be made in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules 
and payments will be effected to the Holder recorded as such on the Swedish Record 
Date to an account outside the United States and subject in each case to the provisions 
of General Condition 13 (Payment Disruption); and 
(iv)
a Swiss Certificate (other than Swiss Certificates in definitive form) shall be made to the 
Holder on the due date for such payment. 
10.
Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates 
10.1
Exercise Rights of Certificates 
Except in the case of Italian Certificates, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Exercise applicable 
to Certificates" to be applicable, then General Condition 11 (Exercise of Warrants) shall apply 
to the Certificates instead of General Condition 9 (Redemption Rights in respect of Certificates) 
to such Certificates. 
10.2
Exercise Rights in respect of Italian Certificates 
In the case of Italian Certificates, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Exercise applicable to 
Certificates" to be applicable, then General Condition 10.2 (Exercise Rights in respect of Italian 
Certificates) shall apply to the Certificates instead of General Condition 9 (Redemption Rights 
in respect of Certificates). 
(a)
Automatic Exercise 
The exercise of each Series of Italian Certificates is automatic on the Redemption Date, without 
any prior notice being delivered by the relevant Holder. Any Redemption Amount, which shall 
be a cash settlement amount, shall be credited, on the Settlement Date, through the Paying 
Agent, to the account of the relevant intermediary in the Relevant Clearing System.  
(b)
Fees and Expenses in connection with Exercise

--- Page 223 ---
General Conditions 
210 
Neither the Relevant Programme Agent nor the Issuer shall apply any charges for the automatic 
exercise of the Italian Certificates. Any other taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any 
applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve 
tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties which may arise in 
connection with the automatic exercise of the Italian Certificates are payable by the Holder. 
(c)
Losses, expenses and costs in connection with Settlement 
No amount relating to losses, expenses and costs of unwinding or adjusting any Underlying 
Hedge Transactions or relating to any Hedging Disruption shall be deducted with respect to the 
Italian Certificates notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions to the contrary. 
(d)
Trading in Notional not applicable 
In the case of Italian Certificates, "Trading in Notional (Certificates)" shall not be applicable. 
(e)
Calculated from Coupon Value not applicable 
In the case of Italian Certificates, in respect of Certificate Fixed Coupon Amounts, "Calculated 
from Coupon Value" shall not be applicable. 
E. 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO WARRANTS ONLY 
11.
Exercise of Warrants 
11.1
Exercise Rights 
(a)
Exercise Style and Period 
Warrants designated in the relevant Issue Terms as: 
(i)
"American Style" Warrants are exercisable on any Scheduled Trading Day during the 
relevant Exercise Period; 
(ii)
"European Style" Warrants are only exercisable on the Expiration Date; 
(iii)
"Bermudan Style" Warrants are exercisable on any one of one or more Potential Exercise 
Dates and on the Expiration Date,  
subject to (i) General Condition 11.3(a) (Exercise Notice) and (ii) prior termination of the 
Warrants as provided in General Condition 16 (Early Redemption or Termination for Illegality) 
and 18.3 (Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation – FATCA). 
If "Automatic Exercise" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable, then (unless 
the Warrants have been previously terminated in accordance with General Condition 16 (Early 
Redemption or Termination for Illegality) or 18.3 (Early Redemption or Termination for 
Taxation – FATCA) or purchased and cancelled), the Warrants shall be deemed to be 
automatically exercised on the Expiration Date. 
Finnish Warrants shall be "European Style" Warrants subject to automatic exercise. 
(b)
Failure to Exercise - European Style Warrants 
Any Warrant designated in the relevant Issue Terms as "European Style" with respect to which 
no Exercise Notice has been delivered to the Relevant Clearing System(s) and copied to the 
Relevant Programme Agent or (in the case of Warrants in definitive form and Warrants which 
are Swiss Securities or German Securities) to the Relevant Programme Agent only, in the 
manner set out in General Condition 11.3(a) (Exercise Notice), at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local 
Time) on the relevant Expiration Date, shall become void unless the relevant Issue Terms state 
that "Automatic Exercise" is applicable, in which case such Warrant shall be deemed to have 
been automatically exercised on the Expiration Date. 
(c)
Failure to Exercise - American or Bermudan Style Warrants

--- Page 224 ---
General Conditions 
211 
Any Warrant designated in the relevant Issue Terms as "American Style" or "Bermudan Style" 
with respect to which no duly completed Exercise Notice has been delivered to the Relevant 
Clearing System(s) and copied to the Relevant Programme Agent or (in the case of Warrants in 
definitive form and Warrants which are Swiss Securities or German Securities) to the Relevant 
Programme Agent only, in the manner set out in General Condition 11.3(a) (Exercise Notice), 
at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the relevant Expiration Date shall become void unless 
relevant Issue Terms state that "Automatic Exercise" is applicable, in which case such Warrant 
shall be deemed to have been automatically exercised on the Expiration Date. 
11.2
Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice Requirement 
In respect of Warrants which are automatically exercised, the relevant Holder shall, to the extent 
specified by the Issuer in a notice to the Holders given in the manner set out in General Condition 
26 (Notices), deliver to the Relevant Clearing System(s) copied to the Relevant Programme 
Agent (or deliver to the Relevant Programme Agent only in the case of Warrants in definitive 
form and Warrants which are Swiss Securities or German Securities) a notice (an "Automatic 
Exercise Warrant Notice") (substantially in the form provided by the Relevant Programme 
Agent to the Relevant Clearing System, which shall include in the case of Warrants to be settled 
by Physical Settlement the Non-U.S. Certification), within 30 days of the Expiration Date 
providing the information and certification specified in the Exercise Notice. Unless expressly 
provided otherwise, such Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice shall be deemed to be the Exercise 
Notice for the purposes of the General Conditions. 
Where an Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice is required by the Issuer, then the Settlement 
Amount of the Warrants, the Exercise Amount of the Warrants or the Issuer Physical Settlement 
Amount in respect of the Warrants will only be paid or delivered, as the case may be, to the 
Holder if the Relevant Clearing System(s) and/or Relevant Programme Agent receives an 
Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice in such form as the Relevant Clearing System(s) and/or 
Relevant Programme Agent considers in its discretion to be satisfactory, within 30 days of the 
Expiration Date and if no such Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice is received in respect of 
those Warrants initially subject to Physical Settlement, such Warrants shall be subject to Cash 
Settlement in all circumstances with such reductions to the Settlement Amount for the Expenses 
arising as a result of such Holder's failure to deliver such required Automatic Exercise Warrant 
Notice. Settlement of Warrants will be made in accordance with this General Condition 11 
except that the Issuer shall, for each Warrant being exercised, transfer or procure the transfer of 
the Settlement Amount or the Exercise Amount on the Alternative Settlement Date, which shall 
occur only upon receipt and approval of such Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice, as the case 
may be. 
11.3
Exercise Procedure 
(a)
Exercise Notice 
Warrants may be exercised in the following manner: 
(i)
in respect of Warrants (other than Warrants which are German Securities) represented 
by a Global Warrant which is held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg only, by the sending of an authenticated instruction by SWIFT message or 
by any other authorised communication channel, in accordance with Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg's rules and operating procedures, to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, which shall include all the information set out in the form 
provided by the Principal Programme Agent and which will constitute an Exercise Notice 
in respect of such Warrants and, following receipt, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will send copies of any Exercise Notices so received to the Principal 
Programme Agent; or 
(ii)
in respect of any Warrants other than Warrants represented by a Global Warrant which 
is held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (including Warrants 
which are German Securities), by delivery of a duly completed Exercise Notice 
(substantially in the form provided by the Relevant Programme Agent) to the Relevant 
Clearing System(s) with a copy to the Relevant Programme Agent or to the Relevant

--- Page 225 ---
General Conditions 
212 
Programme Agent only (in the case of Warrants in definitive form and Warrants which 
are Swiss Securities or German Securities), 
in each case prior to the Latest Exercise Time on any Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of 
"American Style" Warrants) or the Latest Exercise Time on any Potential Exercise Date (in the 
case of "Bermudan Style" Warrants) during the relevant Exercise Period; provided that, in 
respect of Warrants designated in the relevant Issue Terms as "European Style", such Exercise 
Notice may be delivered at any time after 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Business Day 
immediately preceding the Expiration Date but prior to the Latest Exercise Time on the 
Expiration Date as provided above. 
(b)
Verification of the Holder 
Upon receipt of an Exercise Notice (if any) in respect of Warrants other than Warrants which 
are German Securities, the Relevant Programme Agent (or such other person designated by the 
then applicable VPS Rules, the Swedish CSD Rules or Euroclear Finland Rules, as applicable, 
to be responsible for such actions) will request the Relevant Clearing System(s) to verify that 
the person exercising the Warrants specified therein was, as at 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the 
relevant Exercise Date, the Holder thereof according to the books of the Relevant Clearing 
System(s). If the Relevant Clearing System(s) is/are unable so to verify, such Exercise Notice 
shall be deemed not to have been given. In the event that the Warrants are Registered Warrants 
in definitive form, the Registrar will verify that the person exercising the Warrants is the Holder 
thereof and will inform the Issuer of the details thereof, and the inability of the Registrar to so 
verify shall cause such Exercise Notice to be deemed not given. In respect of Warrants other 
than Warrants which are German Securities, the Relevant Clearing System(s) will, on or before 
the Settlement Date, debit the Warrants being exercised from the account of the Holder specified 
in the Exercise Notice (but without prejudice to the accrued rights of the relevant Holder). In 
respect of Finnish Warrants, Norwegian Warrants and Swedish Warrants, such verification and 
debiting of the relevant securities accounts shall be pursuant to the then applicable Euroclear 
Finland Rules, VPS Rules or Swedish CSD Rules (as applicable) and the Relevant Programme 
Agent shall request and/or effect the transfer by the Holder of the relevant Finnish Warrants, 
Norwegian Warrants, or Swedish Warrants (as the case may be) to an account blocked for 
further transfers until such debiting may occur. 
In the case of exercised Warrants in definitive form where Issuer Physical Settlement is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable, the relevant Issuer Physical Settlement 
Amount (if any) shall be delivered outside the United States to the Holder by the Delivery Agent. 
(c)
Cash Settlement - Warrants 
(i)
The Issuer shall, for each Warrant being exercised and which is to be settled by Cash 
Settlement, on the Settlement Date transfer or procure the transfer of the Settlement 
Amount, less any Expenses due by reason of such exercise or deemed exercise of such 
Warrant (including any Expenses which are required by law to be deducted or withheld 
from any payments from the Issuer to the Holder of such Warrant, provided that if the 
deduction of Expenses would otherwise reduce the amount payable to the Holder to zero, 
such amount shall be deemed to be zero), which the Issuer is authorised to deduct under 
the Exercise Notice as applicable, to the Holder's account (located outside the United 
States) as specified in the relevant Exercise Notice for value on the Settlement Date, 
provided that, if no Exercise Notice is delivered for the exercise of such Warrants and 
Automatic Exercise is applicable to such Warrants: 
(A)
if the Warrants are represented by a Global Warrant or are Swiss Securities in 
uncertificated form (other than Warrants which are German Securities), then the 
Issuer shall pay the Settlement Amount in respect of such Warrants, less any 
Expenses to the Relevant Clearing System(s) for the credit of the accounts of the 
relevant Holders;  
(B)
if the Warrants are German Securities represented by a Global Warrant then the 
Issuer shall pay the Settlement Amount in respect of such Warrants, less any 
Expenses against presentation or surrender of the Global Warrant at the specified

--- Page 226 ---
General Conditions 
213 
office of the Relevant Programme Agent, to the Relevant Clearing System, for 
the credit of the account of the relevant account holder with the Relevant Clearing 
System;  
(C)
if the Warrants are in definitive form (other than Warrants which are Swiss 
Securities), then the Issuer shall pay the Settlement Amount in respect of such 
Warrants in definitive form, less any Expenses by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Holder by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with a Bank; or 
(D)
if the Warrants are in definitive form and are Swiss Securities, by transfer to an 
account denominated in the relevant currency drawn on a Bank against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Warrants in definitive form at the 
specified office of the Swiss Programme Agent, 
in each case, subject to, if so required by the Issuer, the provision by such Holder of an 
Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice. 
(ii)
Norwegian Warrants and Swedish Warrants: In addition, in respect of Norwegian 
Warrants and Swedish Warrants, Cash Settlement will occur in accordance with the VPS 
Rules or the Swedish CSD Rules respectively, and payments will be effected to the 
Holder recorded as such on the Relevant Record Date. 
(iii)
Finnish Warrants: In respect of Finnish Warrants, Cash Settlement will occur in 
accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules, and payments will be effected to the 
Holder recorded as such on the Finnish Record Date. 
(d)
Issuer Physical Settlement 
(i)
The Issuer shall, for each Warrant being exercised and which is to be settled by Issuer 
Physical Settlement, on the Settlement Date (but only if the Exercise Amount (if any) 
and any other amounts payable by the Holder in connection with such exercise, have 
been received by the Issuer and all Expenses have been paid by the Holder in accordance 
with General Condition 11.3(g) (Expenses)), deliver or procure delivery of the Issuer 
Physical Settlement Amount to the account (located outside the United States) or person 
specified in the relevant Exercise Notice, as applicable. For the purposes hereof, delivery 
of the Issuer Physical Settlement Amount will be made in accordance with usual market 
practice for delivery of the Shares comprising the Issuer Physical Settlement Amount.  
(ii)
Norwegian Warrants and Swedish Warrants: In addition, in respect of Norwegian 
Warrants and Swedish Warrants, Issuer Physical Settlement will occur in accordance 
with the VPS Rules or the Swedish CSD Rules respectively, and transfers will be effected 
to the Holder recorded as such on the Relevant Record Date. 
(iii)
Finnish Warrants: In addition, Finnish Warrants may only be subject to Cash Settlement 
in accordance with Euroclear Finland Rules. 
(e)
Determination 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice contains all the relevant information and is 
validly delivered shall be made by the Relevant Programme Agent (as applicable) in its sole and 
absolute discretion and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the JPMSP Guarantor (if 
applicable) in respect of Warrants issued by JPMSP, the Registrar, the Calculation Agent and 
the Holder. Any Exercise Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or which 
is not, in the case of a Warrant sent or otherwise copied to the Relevant Programme Agent 
immediately after being sent to the Relevant Clearing System(s) (in the case of Global Warrants) 
or to the Relevant Programme Agent (in the case of Warrants in definitive form and Warrants 
which are Swiss Securities or German Securities), as applicable, shall be void. If such Exercise 
Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the Relevant Programme Agent as 
applicable, it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time the correction 
is delivered. The Relevant Programme Agent will endeavour to notify the Holder of an 
incomplete Exercise Notice as soon as possible after it becomes aware of the improper exercise.

--- Page 227 ---
General Conditions 
214 
An Exercise Notice shall not be considered to be duly completed if it does not contain the Non-
U.S. Certification in the required form. 
(f)
Effect of Exercise of Warrants 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice or, in the case of automatically exercised Warrants, the 
occurrence of the Exercise Date, shall constitute an irrevocable election by the relevant Holder 
to exercise the relevant Warrants. After delivery of such Exercise Notice or occurrence of such 
Exercise Date (as applicable), such exercising Holder may not otherwise transfer such Warrants. 
Notwithstanding this, if any Holder does so transfer or attempts so to transfer such Warrants, 
the Holder will be liable to the Issuer for any Expenses suffered or incurred by the Issuer or any 
of its affiliates through whom it has hedged its position, including those suffered or incurred as 
a consequence of the Issuer or any of its affiliates through whom it has hedged its position 
having terminated or commenced any related hedging operations in reliance on the relevant 
Exercise Notice or Exercise Date (as applicable) and subsequently (i) entering into replacement 
hedging operations in respect of such Warrants or (ii) paying any amount on the subsequent 
exercise of such Warrants without having entered into any replacement hedging operations. 
(g)
Expenses 
A Holder exercising a Warrant shall pay (i) all Expenses, if any, payable in connection with the 
exercise of the Warrant, (ii) all Expenses in relation to any transfer of the Issuer Physical 
Settlement Amount made as a result of such exercise, (iii) all Expenses arising on the exercise 
of the Warrants in the place in which the Exercise Notice is delivered, (iv) all Expenses involved 
in delivering the Exercise Notice and (v) all Expenses, if any, involved in complying with the 
Non-U.S. Certification. 
(h)
Minimum Number of Warrants Exercisable 
If Warrants are designated as "American Style" or "Bermudan Style" and a Minimum Exercise 
Number is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then, save in respect of when the Exercise Date 
is the Expiration Date, the Warrants of such Series or Tranche may only be exercised in the 
Minimum Exercise Number or such multiples in which such Series or Tranche may be exercised 
in accordance with the relevant Issue Terms. 
(i)
Maximum Number of Warrants Exercisable 
If Warrants are designated as "American Style" or "Bermudan Style" and a Maximum Exercise 
Number is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then if, following any Exercise Date other than 
the Expiration Date, the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that more than the 
Maximum Exercise Number of Warrants of a Series or Tranche were purportedly exercised on 
such Exercise Date by a single Holder or a group of Holders acting in concert, then the Issuer 
may deem the Exercise Date for the first such Quota of such Warrants thus exercised to be such 
date, and the Exercise Date for each Quota of Warrants (or part of a Quota thereof, in the case 
of the last amount) thus exercised to be each succeeding day thereafter, until all such Warrants 
exercised on such first Exercise Date by such Holder or group of Holders have been allocated 
an Exercise Date through this procedure. In any case, where more than the Quota of Warrants 
of a Series or Tranche are so exercised on the same day by a Holder or group of Holders acting 
in concert, the order of settlement in respect of such Warrants shall be at the sole and absolute 
discretion of the Issuer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may, at any time, in its 
discretion, accept more than the Quota of Warrants of a Series or Tranche for exercise on any 
Exercise Date.  
(j)
Record Date 
Each payment in respect of: 
(i)
a Registered Warrant represented by a Global Security will be paid to the person shown 
as the Holder in the Register as at the close of business on the clearing system business 
day (or on such other number of days as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) before the 
due date for the payment thereof (in respect of such Registered Warrant represented by 
a Global Security, the "Record Date"). In this General Condition 11.3(j)(i), "clearing

--- Page 228 ---
General Conditions 
215 
system business day" means, in relation to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
each day which is not a Saturday or a Sunday, 25 December or 1 January, and, in relation 
to any other Relevant Clearing System, each day on which such Relevant Clearing 
System is open for business; 
(ii)
a Registered Warrant in definitive form will be paid to the person shown as the Holder 
in the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day (or on such other number of 
days as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) before the due date for the payment thereof 
(in respect of such Registered Warrant in definitive form, the "Record Date"). Where 
payment in respect of a Registered Warrant in definitive form is to be made by cheque, 
the cheque will be mailed to the address of the Holder appearing in the Register (or to 
the first-named of joint holders); 
(iii)
a Swedish Warrant shall be made to the Holders registered as such on the fourth business 
day or, where the Swedish Warrants are denominated in EUR, on the fifth business day 
(in each case such business day is as defined by the then applicable Swedish CSD Rules) 
before the due date for such payment, or on such other business day falling closer to the 
due date as then may be stipulated in the Swedish CSD Rules (in respect of Swedish 
Warrants, the "Swedish Record Date") and will be made in accordance with the Swedish 
CSD Rules and shall in all cases be made outside the United States;  
(iv)
a Swiss Warrant (other than Swiss Warrants in definitive form) shall be made to the 
Holder on the due date for such payment; and 
(v)
a Finnish Warrant will be paid to the person shown as the Holder in accordance with the 
Euroclear Finland Rules. The Record Date in respect of Finnish Warrants shall be the 
first Euroclear Finland register day before the due date for payment (in respect of Finnish 
Warrants, the "Finnish Record Date"). In this General Condition 11.3(j)(v) "Euroclear 
Finland register day" means a day on which the Finnish book-entry securities system 
is open pursuant to the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
F. 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO NOTES, WARRANTS AND CERTIFICATES 
12.
Business Day 
12.1
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in the Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent such date (if any) shall be 
the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject 
to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, provided that, where the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention or Preceding Business Day Convention applies to any 
relevant date, and the Issue Terms provide that such Business Day Convention is "subject to 
adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday", then if that date would otherwise fall on a day that is not 
a Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday, that date will instead fall on the first 
following day that is a Business Day. 
12.2
Payments on Payment Days 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Security is not a Payment Day, the 
Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day and shall not be

--- Page 229 ---
General Conditions 
216 
entitled to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. For these purposes, 
"Payment Day" means any day which is: 
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Additional Financial Centre (if any) specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; and 
(b)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than the place of presentation and any Additional Financial Centre and 
which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be 
Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day 
on which T2 is open, unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Default Business Day" to 
be not applicable, in which case paragraph (a) above shall apply. 
13.
Payment Disruption 
13.1
Occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event 
In the event that the Calculation Agent, at any time and from time to time, determines in its 
discretion that a Payment Disruption Event has occurred or is likely to occur, then the 
Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the Holders of the relevant Securities of 
the occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event in accordance with General Condition 26 
(Notices). 
13.2
Consequences of a Payment Disruption Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event: 
(a)
Extension of relevant dates 
The Interest Payment Date, the Maturity Date, the Exercise Date, the Redemption Date, 
the Coupon Payment Date, the Settlement Date or any other date on which the Securities 
may be exercised or redeemed or any amount shall be due and payable in respect of the 
relevant Securities shall, subject to General Condition 13.2(d) (Payment Event Cut-off 
Date and Payment Event Payment Date), be extended to a date falling 14 calendar days 
(or such other date as may be determined by the Calculation Agent and notified to the 
Holders in accordance with General Condition 26 (Notices)) after the date on which the 
Payment Disruption Event is no longer occurring and notice thereof shall be given to the 
relevant Holders in accordance with General Condition 26 (Notices). 
(b)
Obligation to pay postponed 
The Issuer's obligation to pay the Settlement Amount, Exercise Amount, Interest 
Amount, Coupon Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Redemption Amount or any such 
other amounts in respect of the relevant Securities (the "Affected Amount"), subject to 
General Condition 13.2(d) (Payment Event Cut-off Date and Payment Event Payment 
Date), shall be postponed until 14 calendar days (or such other date as may be determined 
by the Calculation Agent and notified to the Holders in accordance with General 
Condition 26 (Notices)) after the date on which the Payment Disruption Event is no 
longer operating. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may, in its discretion, elect 
to satisfy in part its obligation to pay the amounts as may be due and payable under the 
relevant Securities by making a partial payment(s) (the "Partial Distributions"). Any 
Partial Distribution made by the Issuer to the Holders will be calculated and/or 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion and shall be paid to the Holders pro 
rata to the proportion of the Securities of the same series held by the relevant Holder. In 
the event that any Partial Distribution is made by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent may, 
in its discretion, make any such corresponding adjustment to any variable relevant to the 
settlement, redemption or payment terms of the relevant Securities as it deems necessary

--- Page 230 ---
General Conditions 
217 
and shall notify the relevant Holders thereof in accordance with General Condition 26 
(Notices).  
(c)
Payments net of expenses 
Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary, (a) any payments made in accordance 
with this General Condition 13.2 shall be made after deduction of any costs, expenses or 
liabilities incurred or to be incurred by the Calculation Agent or Issuer in connection 
with or arising from the resolution of the relevant Payment Disruption Event and (b) a 
Holder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, on the 
Securities in the event of any delay which may occur in the payment of any amounts due 
and payable under the Securities as a result of the operation of this General Condition 
13.2 and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
(d)
Payment Event Cut-off Date and Payment Event Payment Date 
In the event that a Payment Disruption Event is still occurring on the Payment Event Cut-
off Date, then the Interest Payment Date, the Maturity Date, the Exercise Date, the 
Redemption Date, the Settlement Date, the Coupon Payment Date or any other date for 
the relevant Securities in respect of which redemption amounts in relation to any of the 
Securities would otherwise be due and payable but for the occurrence of such Payment 
Disruption Event shall be postponed to the Payment Event Payment Date and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the USD Equivalent Amount of the Affected Amount 
based on the USD/Affected Currency Exchange Rate as of the Payment Disruption 
Valuation Date and Issuer shall make payment of the USD Equivalent Amount of the 
Affected Amount on the Payment Event Payment Date in full and final settlement of its 
obligations to pay such Affected Amount in respect of the Securities. The Calculation 
Agent shall as soon as practicable after the Payment Event Cut-off Date notify the 
Holders of the time on the Payment Disruption Valuation Date on which the 
USD/Affected Currency Exchange Rate will be determined. In the event the Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine the USD Equivalent Amount in respect of the Affected 
Amount on the Payment Disruption Valuation Date, the Holders will not receive any 
amounts. Thereafter, the Issuer shall have no obligations whatsoever under the 
Securities. 
(e)
Amendment 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this General Condition 13 (Payment Disruption), 
in the event that the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines that (i) the Payment Disruption Event(s) has (or there is 
a substantial likelihood that it (or they, if more than one such event) will have) a material 
impact on the Issuer's ability to make full and lawful payment of the amounts due under 
the Securities and/or the Holders' rights to receive such payment and that (ii) such 
Payment Disruption Event(s) have been in existence for at least 14 days from original 
occurrence (and remain subsisting) or that based on publicly available information there 
is not a substantial likelihood that the Payment Disruption Event(s) will no longer be 
occurring within 14 days of original occurrence, then the Calculation Agent may 
determine that the Conditions of the Securities shall be amended as appropriate to 
account for the Payment Disruption Event(s) in order to eliminate or ameliorate the 
impact of the Payment Disruption Event(s) on the payment of the amounts due under the 
Securities and receipt thereof (which amendment(s) may include, without limitation, the 
conversion of the amount(s) payable under the Securities into USD, EUR or another 
major currency, at a rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) at the time of the amendment(s) or 
prior to each relevant payment). In such case, the Issuer shall amend the Conditions of 
the Securities without the consent of the Holders, and such amendment shall take effect 
in accordance with its terms and be binding on the Holders and shall be notified to the 
Holders in accordance with General Condition 26 (Notices) as soon as practicable (but 
failure to give such notice, or non-receipt thereof, shall not affect the validity of such 
amendment).

--- Page 231 ---
General Conditions 
218 
14.
Physical Settlement 
14.1
Physical Settlement in respect of Securities 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Physical Settlement" to be applicable (and, in respect of the 
requirements relating to a Reference Asset Transfer Notices only, specifies "Reference Asset 
Transfer Notice" to be applicable), in order to obtain delivery of the Reference Asset Amount(s) 
in respect of the Securities, the relevant Holder must deliver, not later than the close of business 
in each place of receipt on the relevant Physical Settlement Cut-off Date, (i) if the Securities are 
represented by a Global Security, a positive confirmation to the Relevant Clearing System that 
it makes all of the required certifications, representations, undertakings and authorisations, 
together with the provision of the required specifications, in the Reference Asset Transfer Notice 
(any such confirmation will be made in electronic form or in such other manner as is acceptable 
to the Relevant Clearing System), or (ii) if the Securities are in definitive form, a duly completed 
Reference Asset Transfer Notice to any Paying Agent, in each case with a copy to each of the 
Issuer, the Relevant Programme Agent and the Delivery Agent. The foregoing requirement shall 
not apply to Swiss Securities, to German Securities or to French Bearer Securities save, in the 
case of German Securities, where "Reference Asset Transfer Notice" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
In respect of French Bearer Securities, if the relevant Issue Terms specifies "Physical 
Settlement" to be applicable, in order to obtain delivery of the Reference Asset Amount(s) in 
respect of such French Bearer Securities, the relevant Holder must (i) deliver, not later than the 
close of business in each place of receipt on the relevant Physical Settlement Cut-off Date, a 
duly completed Reference Asset Transfer Notice to the French Programme Agent, with a copy 
to each of the Issuer and the Delivery Agent and (ii) arrange for the Euroclear France Account 
Holder through which its French Bearer Securities are held to simultaneously transfer the 
relevant French Bearer Securities to the Euroclear France account of the French Programme 
Agent. 
A Reference Asset Transfer Notice (or, where the Securities are represented by a Global 
Security, the required certifications, representations, undertakings and authorisations, together 
with the provision of the required specifications, in the Reference Asset Transfer Notice) may 
only be delivered (i) if the Securities are represented by a Global Security, in electronic form or 
in such other manner as is acceptable to the Relevant Clearing System, (ii) if the Securities are 
in definitive form, in writing or in such other manner as is acceptable to the Relevant Programme 
Agent or (iii) in the case of French Bearer Securities, in such other manner as is acceptable to 
Euroclear France. 
The delivery of the Reference Asset Amount(s) shall be made (i) if practicable and in respect of 
Securities represented by a Global Security, to the Relevant Clearing System for the credit of 
the account of the Holder (or, in the case of German Securities or Swiss Securities, the relevant 
accountholder in the Relevant Clearing System) or (ii) in such other commercially reasonable 
manner as the Issuer shall determine to be appropriate for such delivery and shall notify to the 
Holders in accordance with General Condition 26 (Notices). 
No delivery and/or transfer of any Reference Asset Amount(s) shall be made until all Delivery 
Expenses arising from the delivery and/or transfer of any Reference Asset Amount(s) have been 
paid to the satisfaction of the relevant Issuer by the relevant Holder. 
14.2
Reference Asset Transfer Notice 
(a)
Verification of details in a Reference Asset Transfer Notice 
Upon receipt of a Reference Asset Transfer Notice, in the case of (i) Securities represented by 
a Global Security, the Relevant Clearing System or (ii) Securities in definitive form, the 
Relevant Programme Agent, shall verify that the person specified therein as the Holder is the 
holder of the specified principal amount of Notes or, as the case may be, number of Warrants or 
Certificates according to its books.

--- Page 232 ---
General Conditions 
219 
In respect of French Bearer Securities and upon receipt of a Reference Asset Transfer Notice 
and the relevant French Bearer Securities in its Euroclear France account, the French 
Programme Agent will inform the Issuer and any Delivery Agent thereof. 
(b)
No Withdrawal of Reference Asset Transfer Notice 
No Reference Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after (i) in the case of Global Securities, 
receipt thereof by the Relevant Clearing System, (ii) in the case of Securities in definitive form, 
receipt thereof by the Relevant Programme Agent or (iii) in the case of French Bearer Securities, 
receipt thereof by the French Programme Agent.  
In the case of Securities represented by a Global Security or Securities in definitive form, after 
delivery of a Reference Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Holder may not transfer the 
Securities which are the subject of such notice. 
(c)
Failure to properly complete a Reference Asset Transfer Notice 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Reference Asset Transfer Notice may result in such 
notice being treated as null and void. Any determination as to whether such notice has been 
properly completed and delivered as provided in these General Conditions shall be made (i) in 
the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, by the Relevant Clearing System, after 
consultation with the Relevant Programme Agent, and shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Issuer and the relevant Holder, (ii) in the case of Securities in definitive form, by the Relevant 
Programme Agent and (iii) in the case of French Bearer Securities, by the French Programme 
Agent, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Holder. The relevant 
Issuer may determine, in its discretion, whether to waive the requirement to deliver a properly 
completed Reference Asset Transfer Notice prior to the Physical Settlement Cut-off Date in 
order for such Holder to receive the Interest Amount, Coupon Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Redemption Amount or Settlement Amount, as applicable, by obtaining delivery of 
the Reference Asset Amount in respect of such Securities and shall give notice of such waiver 
to the Relevant Clearing System (if applicable), and to each of the Paying Agents, the Relevant 
Programme Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Delivery Agent. 
(d)
Failure to provide the certifications in a Reference Asset Transfer Notice 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Equity Certification" and "Non-U.S. Certification" to be 
applicable (in each case in the form set out in the Reference Asset Transfer Notice), and the 
relevant Holder has not provided the certifications as so required by the relevant Physical 
Settlement Cut-off Date, the Issuer may, instead of delivering, or having delivered on its behalf, 
the Reference Asset Amount, satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Security by 
payment to the relevant Holder of a cash amount, calculated by the Calculation Agent to 
represent the fair market value of the Deliverable Reference Assets comprising such Reference 
Asset Amount on such day as shall be selected by the Issuer and adjusted to take account fully 
for any losses, expenses and costs to the Issuer and/or any affiliate of the Issuer of unwinding 
or adjusting any underlying or related hedging arrangements (including but not limited to any 
options or selling or otherwise realising any relevant Share or other instruments or assets of any 
type whatsoever which the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may hold as part of such hedging 
arrangements).  
14.3
Delivery of Reference Asset Amount 
Subject as provided in this General Condition 14, in relation to each Security which is to be 
redeemed or satisfied by delivery of a Reference Asset Amount, provided, if required, that the 
Reference Asset Transfer Notice is duly delivered not later than the close of business in each 
place of receipt on the relevant Physical Settlement Cut-off Date, the Reference Asset Amount 
will be delivered on behalf of the Issuer by the Delivery Agent at the risk of the relevant Holder 
in the manner provided above on, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, the Interest Payment 
Date, Coupon Payment Date, Settlement Date or the Maturity Date (or, if any such date is not a 
business day, on the next following business day), as the case may be (each such date, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with this General Condition 14, a "Delivery Date").

--- Page 233 ---
General Conditions 
220 
Subject as provided in this General Condition 14, in relation to each Security which is to be 
redeemed or satisfied by delivery of a Reference Asset Amount, if a Reference Asset Transfer 
Notice is duly delivered later than the close of business on the relevant Physical Settlement Cut-
off Date in each place of receipt, then the Issuer may deliver the Reference Asset Amount as 
soon as practicable after the relevant Interest Payment Date, Coupon Payment Date, Settlement 
Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be (in which case, such date of delivery shall be the 
relevant Delivery Date). In such circumstances, the Holder shall not be entitled to any payment, 
whether of interest or otherwise, in the event that it receives delivery of the Reference Asset 
Amount after the Delivery Date, and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or 
to the Delivery Agent. 
14.4
Dividends or other distributions 
Where the Reference Asset Amount comprises Shares, any dividend or other distribution in 
respect of such Reference Asset Amount will be payable to the party that would receive such 
dividend or other distribution according to market practice for a sale of the Share executed on 
the Interest Payment Date, Coupon Payment Date, Settlement Date or the Maturity Date, as the 
case may be, and to be delivered in the same manner as the Reference Asset Amount. Any such 
dividend or other distribution to be paid to a Holder shall be paid to the account specified in the 
relevant Reference Asset Transfer Notice or, in the case of Swiss Securities, French Bearer 
Securities or German Securities (in respect of German Securities, unless a Reference Asset 
Transfer Notice is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms), to the Relevant 
Clearing System for the credit of the account of the relevant accountholder in the Relevant 
Clearing System. 
14.5
Settlement Disruption Event 
(a)
Postponement of Delivery Date 
If a Settlement Disruption Event prevents delivery of a Reference Asset Amount on a Delivery 
Date, then the Delivery Date will be the first succeeding date on which delivery of the Reference 
Asset Amount can take place through the Relevant Clearing System unless a Settlement 
Disruption Event prevents settlement on each of the eight Clearing System Business Days 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of the Settlement Disruption 
Event, would have been the Delivery Date. In that case, (i) if such Reference Asset Amount can 
be delivered in any other commercially reasonable manner (in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent), then the Delivery Date will be the first date on which settlement of a sale 
of the Reference Assets comprising the Reference Asset Amount executed on that eighth 
Clearing System Business Day customarily would take place using such other commercially 
reasonable manner of delivery (which other manner of delivery will be deemed the Relevant 
Clearing System for the purposes of delivery of the relevant Reference Asset Amount), and (ii) 
if such Reference Asset Amount cannot be delivered in any other commercially reasonable 
manner (in the determination of the Calculation Agent), then the Delivery Date will be 
postponed until delivery can be effected through the Relevant Clearing System or in any other 
commercially reasonable manner. 
(b)
No liability for delayed settlement 
A Holder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, on the Security 
in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Reference Asset Amount pursuant to this General 
Condition 14.5 and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or the Delivery Agent. 
(c)
Disruption Cash Settlement Price 
For so long as delivery of the Reference Asset Amount is not practicable by reason of a 
Settlement Disruption Event pursuant to the terms of this General Condition 14.5, then 
notwithstanding that Physical Settlement is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, or any other provision of the Payout Conditions or the General Conditions, the Issuer or 
(if applicable) the Guarantor may elect in its discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the 
relevant Security by payment to the relevant Holder of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price not 
later than on the third Clearing System Business Day following the date that the notice of such

--- Page 234 ---
General Conditions 
221 
election is given to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 26 (Notices) (provided 
that the obligation to make any such payment, including the date on which such payment is 
made and whether such payment is made, shall be subject to the provisions of General Condition 
13 (Payment Disruption)). Payment of the relevant Disruption Cash Settlement Price will be 
made (i) in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 
26 (Notices) or (ii) in respect of Securities which are represented by a Global Security, French 
Bearer Securities or Swiss Securities issued in uncertificated form and if practicable, to the 
Relevant Clearing System for the credit of the account of the relevant accountholder in the 
Relevant Clearing System. 
(d)
Intervening Period 
If during the period of time after the Interest Payment Date, Coupon Payment Date, Settlement 
Date or Maturity Date, as the case may be, and the Delivery Date (the "Intervening Period"), 
the Issuer or any subsidiary or affiliate of the Issuer or any other entity acting on behalf of the 
Issuer is the legal owner of any securities that may comprise a part of any Deliverable Reference 
Assets whether owned in connection with such entity's hedge of its obligations, directly or 
indirectly, under the Securities or otherwise held in its normal course of business, neither the 
Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or such other entities shall be under any obligation 
or liability to any Holder in respect of such Deliverable Reference Assets, including (i) any 
obligation to deliver or procure delivery to the relevant Holder or any subsequent beneficial 
owner of such Securities, any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or 
payment (including any interest, dividend or any other distribution) in respect of any Deliverable 
Reference Asset(s) whatsoever received by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or 
any such other entities in its capacity as the holder of such Deliverable Reference Asset(s), (ii) 
any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights (including voting rights) 
attaching to such Deliverable Reference Asset(s) during the Intervening Period or (iii) any 
liability to the relevant Holder, as the case may be, or any subsequent beneficial owner of such 
Securities in respect of any loss or damage which the relevant Holder, as the case may be, or 
subsequent beneficial owner may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of 
that person being the legal owner of such Securities during such Intervening Period. 
15.
Events of Default 
15.1
Occurrence of Event of Default 
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of any one or more of the following events: 
(a)
Failure to pay Instalment Amount, Early Payment Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Redemption Amount or Settlement Amount (all 
Issuers) or failure to deliver Reference Asset Amount and/or pay Residual Cash 
Amount (all Issuers except JPMCFC) 
(i)
In respect of Securities issued by JPMSP, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or 
JPMorgan Chase & Co., the Issuer, or failing whom in the case of Securities 
issued by JPMSP, the JPMSP Guarantor (if applicable) does not pay any 
Instalment Amount, Early Payment Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, 
Final Redemption Amount, Redemption Amount or Settlement Amount, as 
applicable, in respect of the Securities when the same is due and payable or deliver 
any Reference Asset Amount and/or pay any Residual Cash Amount in respect of 
any Securities when the same is deliverable, and such failure continues for 30 
days; or 
(ii)
In respect of Securities issued by JPMCFC, the Issuer does not pay any Instalment 
Amount, Early Payment Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Redemption Amount or Settlement Amount, as applicable, 
in respect of the Securities when the same is due and payable; or 
(b)
Failure to pay interest on Notes or coupon amount on Certificates (all Issuers) or 
Warrants (all Issuers except JPMCFC)

--- Page 235 ---
General Conditions 
222 
(i)
In respect of Securities issued by JPMSP, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or 
JPMorgan Chase & Co., the Issuer, or failing whom in the case of Securities 
issued by JPMSP, the JPMSP Guarantor (if applicable) does not pay interest on 
any of the Notes or a coupon amount on any of the Certificates or Warrants when 
the same is due and payable, and such failure continues for 30 days; or 
(ii)
In respect of Securities issued by JPMCFC, the Issuer does not pay interest on 
any of the Notes or a coupon amount on any of the Certificates when the same is 
due and payable, and such failure continues for 30 days; or 
(c)
Insolvency of JPMCFC or repudiation of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee 
In respect of Securities issued by JPMCFC: 
(i)
a court having jurisdiction in the premises shall enter a decree or order for relief 
in respect of the Issuer in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, 
liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of the 
Issuer or for any substantial part of its property or ordering the winding up or 
liquidation of its affairs, and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in 
effect for a period of 60 consecutive days; or 
(ii)
the Issuer shall commence a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or consent to the entry 
of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or consent to the 
appointment or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, 
trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of the Issuer or for any substantial part 
of its property, or make any general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or 
(iii)
the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee ceases to be in full force and effect or the 
JPMCFC Guarantor denies or disaffirms its obligations under the JPMorgan 
Chase & Co. Guarantee, provided that no Event of Default described herein shall 
occur as a result of, or because it is related directly or indirectly to, the insolvency 
of the JPMCFC Guarantor or the commencement of any proceedings relative to 
the JPMCFC Guarantor under Title 11 of the United States Code, or the 
appointment of a receiver for the JPMCFC Guarantor under Title II of the Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 or the Federal 
Deposit Insurance Corporation having separately repudiated the JPMorgan Chase 
& Co. Guarantee in any receivership of the JPMCFC Guarantor, or the 
commencement of any other applicable federal or state receivership, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, liquidation, resolution or other similar proceeding, or a receiver, 
assignee, or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganisation, liquidator, sequestrator or 
similar official having been appointed for or having taken possession of the 
JPMCFC Guarantor or its property, or the institution of any other comparable 
judicial or regulatory proceedings relative to the JPMCFC Guarantor, or to the 
creditors or property of the JPMCFC Guarantor; or 
(d)
Insolvency of JPMSP or repudiation of the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee 
In respect of Securities issued by JPMSP: 
(i)
the Issuer applies for suspension of payments (surséance van betaling) or has 
been declared bankrupt (failliet verklaard), in both cases within the meaning of 
the Netherlands Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet), or has become subject to 
analogous proceedings under the Netherlands Financial Supervision Act (Wet op 
het financieel toezicht) and, in each case, any such proceedings remain unstayed 
and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive calendar days; or 
(ii)
an order is made by any competent court or an effective resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution of JPMSP ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all 
or a substantial part of its business or operations, in each case except for the

--- Page 236 ---
General Conditions 
223 
purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger or consolidation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Holders (provided that, where the relevant event also comes within the terms of 
paragraph (i) above, then the terms of paragraph (i) above shall prevail over the 
terms of this paragraph (ii)); or 
(iii)
the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee is not (or is claimed by JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A. not to be) in full force and effect; or 
(e)
Insolvency of JPMorgan Chase & Co.  
In respect of Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co.: 
(i)
a court having jurisdiction in the premises enters a decree or order for relief in 
respect of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in an involuntary case under any applicable 
United States federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or 
hereafter in effect, and such decree or order remains unstayed and in effect for a 
period of 90 consecutive days; or 
(ii)
JPMorgan Chase & Co. commences a voluntary case under any applicable United 
States federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or 
hereafter in effect or consent to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary 
case under any such law; or 
(f)
Insolvency of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
In respect of Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMSP: 
(i)
a decree or order of a court or supervisory authority having jurisdiction in the 
premises for the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, trustee, assignee, 
custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 
or of all or substantially all of the property of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., or for 
the winding-up or liquidation of the affairs of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., has 
been entered, and such decree or order remains unstayed and in effect for a period 
of 90 consecutive days; or 
(ii)
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. consents to the appointment of, or the taking 
possession by, a receiver, liquidator, trustee, assignee, custodian, sequestrator, or 
similar official of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., or of all or substantially all of the 
property of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
15.2
Consequences of an Event of Default 
(a)
Event of Default in respect of Securities issued by JPMSP, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or 
JPMorgan Chase & Co.  
In respect of Securities issued by JPMSP, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & 
Co., if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (i) the Holder of any Note may give 
written notice to the relevant Issuer and the Relevant Programme Agent at their specified offices 
declaring such Note to be immediately due and payable (or in the case of Norwegian Notes, 
Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes, on such later date on which the relevant Notes have been 
transferred to the account designated by the Relevant Programme Agent and blocked for further 
transfer by said Agent (such date will be the first date of a closed period for the purposes of 
General Condition 2.1(g) (Closed Periods in respect of Danish Notes, Norwegian Securities, 
Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities)) and (ii) the Holder of any Warrant or Certificate 
may give written notice to the relevant Issuer and the Relevant Programme Agent at their 
specified offices declaring such Warrant or Certificate to be immediately due and payable, 
whereupon such Security shall become immediately due and payable on such date (such date, 
the "Acceleration Date") for an amount (such amount, the "Early Payment Amount"), which 
amount shall be, in respect of:

--- Page 237 ---
General Conditions 
224 
(i)
each Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount (as defined in General Condition 
31.1 (Definitions)) and that is not a Zero Coupon Note, a Linear Zero Coupon Note or a 
New York Law Note, the greater of (I) the Minimum Redemption Amount and (II) Early 
Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2 or Early Payment Amount 3, as specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms calculated in respect of the Acceleration Date 
provided that the Calculation Agent shall disregard any change in the credit worthiness 
of the relevant Issuer and the relevant Guarantor (if applicable) since the Issue Date of 
the Securities in its determination of such amount;  
(ii)
each Security that is a New York Law Note and that is not a Zero Coupon Note or a 
Linear Zero Coupon Note (irrespective of whether such Security has a Minimum 
Redemption Amount), Early Payment Amount 3 (as defined in General Condition 31.1 
(Definitions)); 
(iii)
each Security that is not a Zero Coupon Note, a Linear Zero Coupon Note, a New York 
Law Note or a Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount, Early Payment 
Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2 or Early Payment Amount 3, as specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms calculated in respect of the Acceleration Date 
provided that the Calculation Agent shall disregard any change in the credit worthiness 
of the relevant Issuer and the relevant Guarantor (if applicable) since the Issue Date of 
the Securities in its determination of such amount; 
(iv)
each Security that is a Zero Coupon Note (irrespective of whether such Security is a New 
York Law Note or a Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount), the Amortised 
Face Amount in respect of the Acceleration Date as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with General Condition 5.4 (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes); 
and 
(v)
each Security that is a Linear Zero Coupon Note, Early Payment Amount 3 plus Unpaid 
Implied Yield, as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
unless the Event of Default shall have been cured by the Issuer or waived by the Holders prior 
to receipt of such notice by the Issuer and the Relevant Programme Agent. 
(b)
Event of Default in respect of Securities issued by JPMCFC 
In respect of Securities issued by JPMCFC: 
(i)
if an Event of Default as described in General Condition 15.1(a)(ii) or 15.1(b)(ii) has 
occurred and is continuing, (i) in respect of Notes, the Holders of not less than 25 per 
cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes of the relevant Series 
affected thereby may give written notice to the Issuer and the Relevant Programme Agent 
at their specified offices declaring all of the Notes of such Series to be immediately due 
and payable and (ii) in respect of Certificates, the Holders of not less than 25 per cent. of 
the total number of the outstanding Certificates of the relevant Series may give written 
notice to the Issuer and the Relevant Programme Agent at their specified offices 
declaring such Certificates to be immediately due and payable; or 
(ii)
if an Event of Default as described in General Condition 15.1(c) has occurred and is 
continuing, such Securities shall automatically, and without any declaration or any other 
action on the part of the Holders of such Securities, become immediately due and 
payable, 
whereupon each such Security shall become immediately due and payable on such date (such 
date, the "Acceleration Date") for an amount (such amount, the "Early Payment Amount"), 
which amount shall be, in respect of: 
(A)
each Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount (as defined in General Condition 
31.1 (Definitions)) and that is not a Zero Coupon Note or a Linear Zero Coupon Note, 
the greater of (I) the Minimum Redemption Amount and (II) Early Payment Amount 1, 
Early Payment Amount 2 or Early Payment Amount 3, as specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms calculated in respect of the Acceleration Date provided that the

--- Page 238 ---
General Conditions 
225 
Calculation Agent shall disregard any change in the credit worthiness of the Issuer and 
the relevant Guarantor (if applicable) since the Issue Date of the Securities in its 
determination of such amount; 
(B)
each Security that is not a Zero Coupon Note, a Linear Zero Coupon Note or a Security 
that has a Minimum Redemption Amount, Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment 
Amount 2 or Early Payment Amount 3, as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, calculated in respect of the Acceleration Date provided that the Calculation Agent 
shall disregard any change in the credit worthiness of the Issuer and the relevant 
Guarantor (if applicable) since the Issue Date of the Securities in its determination of 
such amount; 
(C)
each Security that is a Zero Coupon Note (irrespective of whether such Security is a 
Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount), the Amortised Face Amount in 
respect of the Acceleration Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with General Condition 5.4 (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes); and 
(D)
each Security that is a Linear Zero Coupon Note, Early Payment Amount 3 plus Unpaid 
Implied Yield, as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
unless in the case of General Condition 15.2(b)(i) above only the Event of Default shall have 
been cured by the Issuer or waived by the Holders prior to receipt of such notice by the Issuer 
and the Relevant Programme Agent.  
16.
Early Redemption or Termination for Illegality 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem or terminate (as applicable) the Securities early (on giving 
not less than seven nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Holders (such notice period, 
the "Termination Event Notice Period") (or such other notice period as may be specified as 
the "Termination Event Notice Period" in the relevant Issue Terms)) in the event that it (in the 
case of (ii) below, the relevant Guarantor, if any) determines in its sole and absolute discretion 
that (i) its performance of its obligations under the terms of the Securities or (ii) (if applicable) 
the performance by the relevant Guarantor under the relevant Guarantee, has (or there is a 
substantial likelihood that it will) become unlawful in whole or in part as a result (directly or 
indirectly) of (x) any change in financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange 
rates, or (y) compliance in good faith by each of the Issuer (or in the case of the relevant 
Guarantee, if any, the relevant Guarantor) (or JPMorgan Chase & Co. had it been the Issuer of 
the Securities) or any relevant subsidiaries or affiliates with any applicable present or future 
law, rule, regulation, judgement, order or directive of any governmental, administrative or 
judicial authority or power (including, without limitation, sanctions laws and regulations of the 
United States, the United Kingdom, the United Nations or the European Union) or interpretation 
thereof (such event, a "Termination Event"). In the event of an early redemption or termination 
(as applicable) of the Securities following a Termination Event, the Issuer will cause to be paid 
to each Holder in respect of each such Security held by it the Early Payment Amount. 
17.
Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event in relation to any Securities, 
the Issuer may (but shall not be obliged to) redeem the Securities on such day as shall be notified 
to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 26 (Notices) and will, if and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, pay to the Holders in respect of each such Security the Early 
Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early 
Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the words"(but ignoring the event 
which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted.  
An "Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event" means, in relation to any Securities, the 
occurrence of any of the following events (as applicable): 
(a)
if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an Extraordinary Hedge 
Sanctions Event;

--- Page 239 ---
General Conditions 
226 
(b)
if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an Extraordinary Hedge Bail-in 
Event; and 
(c)
if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an Extraordinary Hedge 
Currency Disruption Event. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of an inconsistency between the applicable terms of this 
General Condition 17 and the applicable terms of the Reference Asset Linked Conditions, the 
applicable terms of the Reference Asset Linked Conditions shall prevail (including, without 
limitation, that if an event may be both an Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event and an 
applicable Additional Disruption Event under the Reference Asset Linked Conditions, such 
event shall be deemed to be an Additional Disruption Event).  
If an event may be both an Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event and a Payment Disruption 
Event and the Issuer elects to redeem the Securities pursuant to this General Condition 17, 
General Condition 13 (Payment Disruption) shall be deemed not to apply.  
For such purpose, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
"Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions Event" means (and shall be deemed to have occurred 
where), in relation to any Securities, the Calculation Agent determines that, on or after the Issue 
Date, due to: 
(a)
the adoption of, or announcement of, and/or any change in, any applicable law, rule, 
regulation, judgment, order, sanction, or directive of any governmental, administrative, 
legislative or judicial authority or power, in each case, relating to any economic or 
financial sanctions and embargo programmes, such as any restrictions applicable to 
designated or blocked persons, including but not limited to, those enacted, administered 
and/or enforced, from time to time, by or by any agency or other authority of the United 
States, the United Kingdom, the United Nations or the European Union (or any Member 
State thereof) (for the purposes of this definition, "applicable law"); or  
(b)
the promulgation of, or any change in, the formal or informal interpretation of any 
applicable law by a court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction,  
the performance by a Hedging Entity under the related Underlying Hedge Transactions (or the 
Related Hedging Entity as if the Related Hedging Entity was a party to the related Underlying 
Hedge Transactions) has become or (based on any announcements of any of the jurisdictions or 
authorities referred to in paragraph (a) above or any other publicly available information which 
the Calculation Agent reasonably considers relevant) there is a substantial likelihood that it will 
become, unlawful, impossible or otherwise impracticable in whole or in part, and the Hedging 
Entity (or the Related Hedging Entity as if it was a party to the related Underlying Hedge 
Transactions) is unable, through commercially reasonable efforts, to modify the Underlying 
Hedge Transactions and/or establish alternate hedging arrangements such that performance 
thereunder would not be unlawful, impossible or otherwise impracticable and the risks and/or 
costs of the Issuer and the Hedging Entity (or the Related Hedging Entity as if it was a party to 
the related Underlying Hedge Transactions) would not be materially increased thereby. 
"Extraordinary Hedge Bail-in Event" means (and shall be deemed to have occurred where), 
in relation to any Securities, on or after the Issue Date, the Hedging Entity or the counterparty 
(or counterparties) to the Hedging Entity under the related Underlying Hedge Transactions 
become(s) the subject of a resolution regime by an applicable resolution authority and, as a 
direct or indirect result (including without limitation due to the exercise, or publicly announced 
exercise, or (based on any publicly available information which the Calculation Agent 
reasonably considers relevant) there is a substantial likelihood that the relevant resolution 
authority will exercise within the next 90 days, a "bail-in" or other power by such authority 
under such regime), the Calculation Agent determines that (i) the obligations of the Hedging 
Entity or the counterparty (or counterparties) to the Hedging Entity under the related Underlying 
Hedge Transactions are or will be the subject of the exercise of a "bail-in" or (ii) there has 
otherwise been (or there will be) a material adverse effect on the related Underlying Hedge 
Transactions, and the Hedging Entity is unable, through commercially reasonable efforts, to

--- Page 240 ---
General Conditions 
227 
modify the Underlying Hedge Transactions and/or establish alternate hedging arrangements 
which do not materially increase the risks and/or costs of the Issuer and the Hedging Entity. 
"Extraordinary Hedge Currency Disruption Event" means (and shall be deemed to have 
occurred where), in relation to any Securities, on or after the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that:  
(a)
(i) 
a Relevant Governmental Authority has introduced, or has announced its 
intention to introduce or (based on any publicly available information which the 
Calculation Agent reasonably considers relevant) there is a substantial likelihood 
that it will introduce within the next 90 days, a new currency (the "Substitute 
Currency") as the lawful currency within its territory or any part of its territory 
(and including beyond its territory where a bloc of countries has jointly agreed to 
adopt the Substitute Currency) in substitution for (or to circulate together with) 
its existing lawful currency (the "Initial Currency") (such event, a "Currency 
Substitution Event"); and/or 
(ii)
a Relevant Governmental Authority has introduced, or has announced its 
intention to introduce or (based on any publicly available information which the 
Calculation Agent reasonably considers relevant) there is a substantial likelihood 
that it will introduce within the next 90 days, restrictions on movements of capital 
or on payments and transfers into or out of its territory or any part of its territory 
(and including beyond its territory where a bloc of countries has jointly agreed to 
adopt the Substitute Currency) (such event, an "Exchange Control Event"), 
and, in the case of each of paragraphs (a)(i) and (a)(ii) above: 
(x) 
whether or not such event is in accordance with or in breach of applicable 
international treaties or other obligations; and 
(y) 
for the avoidance of doubt, including the circumstance whereby a country (a 
"Departing Country") within a bloc of countries in a currency union effects, or 
announces its intention to effect, its withdrawal from the currency bloc and the 
replacement of the common currency of the currency union with another currency 
as the lawful currency of the Departing Country; and 
(b)
any of, as a direct or indirect result: 
(i)
the payment obligations under the Underlying Hedge Transactions are 
redenominated into another currency following the Currency Substitution Event 
and/or the Exchange Control Event; and/or 
(ii)
the payment obligations under the Underlying Hedge Transactions are subject to 
capital controls due to the Exchange Control Event; and/or 
(iii)
the Underlying Hedge Transactions in respect of the Securities have been (or will 
be) otherwise materially adversely affected by the Currency Substitution Event 
and/or the Exchange Control Event, 
and the Hedging Entity is unable, through commercially reasonable efforts, to modify 
the Underlying Hedge Transactions and/or establish alternate hedging arrangements 
which do not materially increase the risks and/or costs of the Issuer and the Hedging 
Entity. 
For such purpose, "Relevant Governmental Authority" means, in relation to any applicable 
territory, any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), court, 
tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) 
charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of such 
territory.

--- Page 241 ---
General Conditions 
228 
18.
Taxation and Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation 
18.1
Obligation to pay Additional Amounts 
Subject to the deduction of any Delivery Expenses or Expenses in accordance with these 
General Conditions, payments of principal and interest on the Securities will be made without 
deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future tax, assessment or other 
governmental charge, of whatever nature, imposed or levied on such payment, except as 
required by law or under an agreement with the relevant taxing authority or in connection with 
an intergovernmental agreement. In that case, unless the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(a)
"Gross Up" to be not applicable; or 
(b)
"Gross Up" to be applicable, and (i) with respect to taxes imposed pursuant to Section 
871(m) of the Code, the relevant Issue Terms specify "Exclude Section 871(m) Taxes 
from Gross Up" to be applicable, or (ii) with respect to U.S. withholding taxes other than 
taxes imposed pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code, the relevant Issue Terms specify 
"Exclude U.S. Withholding Taxes other than Section 871(m) Taxes from Gross Up" to 
be applicable, 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will, subject to the limitations and exceptions 
set forth below in General Condition 18.2 (Circumstances in which Additional Amounts will not 
be paid), pay to a Holder of Securities such additional amounts ("Additional Amounts") as 
may be necessary so that every net payment by the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their Paying 
Agents of principal or interest with respect to the Securities after deduction or withholding for 
or on account of any such present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge on 
such payment imposed by or within a Relevant Jurisdiction upon such Holder (other than with 
respect to a Holder that is a resident of such Relevant Jurisdiction), will not be less than the 
amount provided for in such Securities to be then due and payable. 
18.2
Circumstances in which Additional Amounts will not be paid 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will be required to make any payment of Additional 
Amounts for or on account of: 
(a)
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge or withholding which would not have 
been so imposed but for (A) the existence of any present or former connection between 
such Holder (or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of, or 
possessor of a power over, such Holder, if such Holder is an estate, a trust, a partnership 
or a corporation) and the Relevant Jurisdiction including, without limitation, such Holder 
(or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, shareholder or possessor) being or 
having been present therein, being or having been a citizen or resident thereof, being or 
having been engaged in a trade or business therein or having had a permanent 
establishment therein, or (B) the failure of such Holder, any agent in the chain of custody 
over the payment, or the beneficial owner to comply with any certification, identification 
or information reporting requirements including, under an applicable tax treaty, to 
establish entitlement to exemption from or reduction of such tax, assessment or other 
governmental charge; 
(b)
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property, or any similar tax, 
assessment or governmental charge; 
(c)
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which is payable other than by 
withholding from payments of principal of or interest on such Security; 
(d)
in respect of any Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or 
JPMorgan Chase & Co., any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by 
reason of such Holder's past or present status as a personal holding company, private 
foundation or other tax exempt organisation, passive foreign investment company, 
controlled foreign corporation with respect to the United States; a dealer in securities, 
commodities or currency or a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid United 
States federal income tax;

--- Page 242 ---
General Conditions 
229 
(e)
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which is required to be withheld by a 
Paying Agent from payments of principal or of interest on any Security, if such payment 
can be made without such withholding by at least one other Paying Agent; 
(f)
in respect of any Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or 
JPMorgan Chase & Co., any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by 
reason of (i) such Holder's past or present status as the actual or constructive owner of 
ten per cent. or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock that is 
entitled to vote of (A) such Issuer or (B) in the case of Securities issued by JPMCFC, 
JPMorgan Chase & Co., (ii) such Holder being a bank receiving interest described in 
Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) such Holder being a controlled foreign 
corporation that is treated as a "related person" (within the meaning of the Code) with 
respect to (A) such Issuer or (B) in the case of Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMorgan 
Chase & Co., or (iv) such Holder being within a foreign country for which the United 
States Secretary of the Treasury has made determination under Section 871(h)(6) of the 
Code or Section 881 (c) (6) of the Code that payments to any person within such foreign 
country (or payments addressed to, or for the account of, persons within such foreign 
country) shall not constitute portfolio interest under either Section 871(h) or Section 
881(c) of the Code; 
(g)
in respect of any Securities, any tax, assessment, or other governmental charge payable 
by a Holder, or by a third party on behalf of a Holder, who is liable for such taxes, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of any Security by reason of the Holder 
or the third party's having some connection with the Relevant Jurisdiction other than the 
mere holding of the Security; 
(h)
any tax required to be withheld or deducted from a payment where such withholding or 
deduction is made pursuant to laws enacted by Switzerland providing for the taxation of 
payments according to principles similar to those laid down in the draft legislation 
proposed by the Swiss Federal Council on 3 April 2020 or otherwise changing the Swiss 
federal withholding tax system from an issuer-based system to a paying-agent-based 
system; 
(i)
any tax assessment, or other governmental charge payable by way of withholding or 
deduction by a Holder, or by a third party on behalf of a Holder, who could lawfully 
avoid (but has not so avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying or procuring 
that any third party complies with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring 
that any third party makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Security (or the registered 
certificate representing it) is presented for payment; 
(j)
any Security presented for payment by or on behalf of a Holder who would be able to 
avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Security to another 
Paying Agent in a member state of the European Union or the United Kingdom;  
(k)
in the case of German Securities, any taxes, duties, or other governmental charges 
payable by any person acting as a custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of a 
Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or withholding 
by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) from payments of principal or interest made 
by it;  
(l)
any withholding or deduction imposed in connection with FATCA on payments to a 
Holder, beneficial owner, or any agent having custody or control over a payment made 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any agent in the chain of payment;  
(m)
any withholding or deduction imposed under Section 871(m) of the Code, if, in the 
reasonable judgment of the Issuer, withholding would not have been imposed but for the 
Holder or beneficial owner (or a related party thereof) engaging in one or more 
transactions (other than the mere purchase of the Security) whether or not in connection 
with the acquisition, holding or disposition of the Security that establishes the 
withholding obligation;

--- Page 243 ---
General Conditions 
230 
(n)
any deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future tax, assessment 
or other governmental charge where it is imposed by or within a jurisdiction other than 
a Relevant Jurisdiction; 
(o)
any deduction or withholding for or on account of any tax, assessment or other 
governmental charge imposed by or within a Relevant Source Jurisdiction to the extent 
the deduction or withholding arises as a result of a Relevant Change of Law, save where 
such deduction or withholding arises through any present or former connection of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor to the Relevant Source Jurisdiction; or 
(p)
any combination of the above (as applicable), 
nor shall Additional Amounts be paid with respect to a payment of principal or interest on any 
Security to a Holder that is not the beneficial owner of such Security to the extent that the 
beneficial owner thereof would not have been entitled to the payment of such Additional 
Amounts had such beneficial owner been the Holder of such Security. 
18.3
Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation – FATCA 
The relevant Issuer may, at its option, redeem or terminate (as applicable) some or all of the 
Securities (on giving not less than seven or more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to Holders 
(such notice period, the "Tax Termination Event Notice Period") (or, such other notice period 
specified as the "Tax Termination Event Notice Period" in the relevant Issue Terms)) in the 
event that the Issuer determines that: 
(a)
it has, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, become subject to withholding 
imposed on a payment made to it on account of the Issuer's inability to comply with the 
reporting requirements imposed by FATCA, provided that (1) such inability to comply 
with the reporting requirements is attributable to non-compliance by any Holder of such 
Securities (or a withholding agent (if any) in the chain of custody of payments made to 
the Holders) with the Issuer's requests for certifications, beneficial ownership 
information or identifying information and (2) compliance with the reporting 
requirements would (or there is a substantial likelihood that it would) preclude such 
withholding; 
(b)
there is a substantial likelihood that it will otherwise violate any requirement of, or an 
agreement entered into with a taxing authority with respect to, FATCA; or 
(c)
there is a substantial likelihood that the Securities will be treated, for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, as being in bearer form, 
each such event, a "Tax Termination Event".  
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Termination Event described in paragraphs (a) or (b), Securities 
held by compliant Holders, in addition to those held by non-compliant Holders, may be 
redeemed or terminated. Upon a Tax Termination Event described in paragraph (c), all of the 
Securities of such Series will be redeemed or terminated.  
In the event of an early redemption or termination of the Securities following a Tax Termination 
Event, the Issuer will cause to be paid to each such Holder in respect of each such Security held 
by it the Early Payment Amount. 
18.4
Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation – Additional Amounts/Underlying Hedge 
Transactions 
The Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days' 
notice to the Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Payment Amount, where: 
(a)
the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) has or will (or there is a substantial 
likelihood that it will) become obliged to pay any Additional Amounts as provided or 
referred to in General Condition 18.1 (Obligation to pay Additional Amounts); or

--- Page 244 ---
General Conditions 
231 
(b)
if "Early Redemption for Tax on Underlying Hedge Transactions" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an Underlying Hedge Entity has incurred or will 
(or there is a substantial likelihood that it will) incur a materially increased cost with 
respect to taxes (including, without limitation, grossing-up payments or receiving 
payments net of withholding) in performing its obligations in relation to the Underlying 
Hedge Transactions (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position with respect to an 
Underlying Hedge Tax Jurisdiction),  
in each case (x) as a result of (I) any action taken by a Relevant Jurisdiction or an Underlying 
Hedge Tax Jurisdiction (as applicable) or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax or brought in a court of competent jurisdiction on or after the Issue 
Date; or (II) the proposal, adoption, finalisation or expiration of any laws, regulations, or 
administrative guidance (including due to the mere passage of time) of a Relevant Jurisdiction 
or an Underlying Hedge Tax Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or any change in, or amendment to (or proposed change or 
amendment to), proposed or final laws, regulations, or administrative guidance, or any change 
in the application or official interpretation of proposed or final laws, regulations or 
administrative guidance (including by inaction, such as the failure to finalise proposed 
regulations or administrative guidance, or due to the mere passage of time), which proposal, 
adoption, finalisation, expiration, change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue 
Date or with respect to payments made on or after the Issue Date; and (y) such obligation or 
cost with respect to taxes cannot be avoided by the Issuer, the Guarantor or Underlying Hedge 
Entity (as applicable) taking reasonable measures available to it (as determined by the Issuer or 
the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent on their behalf), 
PROVIDED THAT the Securities may be redeemed by giving less than 30 calendar days' or 
more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable) if 
compliance with the 30 calendar day minimum or 60 calendar day maximum notice period 
would (or there is a substantial likelihood that compliance would) cause the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as applicable) to become obligated to pay Additional Amounts (or an increased 
amount of Additional Amounts) or cause an Underlying Hedge Entity to incur a materially 
increased tax cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Securities.  
Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this General Condition 18.4, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Relevant Programme Agent a certificate duly signed by the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and 
an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer (or 
the Guarantor, as the case may be) has or will (or there is a substantial likelihood that it will) 
become obliged to pay Additional Amounts or that an Underlying Hedge Entity has incurred or 
will (or there is a substantial likelihood that it will) incur a materially increased cost with respect 
to taxes in performing its obligations in relation to the Underlying Hedge Transactions, in each 
case as a result of such action, proposal, adoption, finalisation, expiration, change, or 
amendment. 
For the purposes of this General Condition 18.4, the term "Relevant Jurisdiction" shall also 
include any jurisdiction that enters into an intergovernmental agreement with the United States 
in furtherance of FATCA. 
19.
Agents 
19.1
Status of Agents 
The Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any 
obligations or duty to, or relationship of agency or trust for or with, any Holder.

--- Page 245 ---
General Conditions 
232 
19.2
Variation or termination of appointment of Agents 
The Issuer and the Guarantor, if applicable, reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agents and to appoint other or additional Agents, provided that at all times 
the following shall be maintained: 
(a)
a Relevant Programme Agent; 
(b)
a Registrar in respect of all Registered Securities; 
(c)
a Transfer Agent in respect of all Registered Securities (other than French Registered 
Securities, Danish Notes, Finnish Securities, Norwegian Securities, Swedish Securities 
and Swiss Securities); 
(d)
one or more Calculation Agent(s) and Delivery Agent(s) where these General Conditions 
so require; 
(e)
a Paying Agent having its specified office in Luxembourg so long as the Securities are 
admitted to the Official List and traded on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, and the applicable rules so require; 
(f)
a Danish Programme Agent, so long as any Danish Notes are outstanding, a Finnish 
Programme Agent, so long as any Finnish Securities are outstanding, a Swedish 
Programme Agent and a Swedish CSD, so long as any Swedish Securities are 
outstanding and a Norwegian Programme Agent, so long as any Norwegian Securities 
are outstanding;  
(g)
a French Programme Agent, so long as French Securities are (A) cleared through 
Euroclear France or (B) admitted to listing on a Regulated Market of Euronext Paris 
S.A., and the applicable rules so require;  
(h)
a German Programme Agent, so long as any Securities cleared through Clearstream 
Frankfurt are outstanding; and 
(i)
such other agents as may be required by any relevant authorities or any other stock 
exchange on which any Securities may be listed, and the applicable rules of such relevant 
authority or such other stock exchange so require. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which an Agent is merged 
or converted or with which it is consolidated as to which it transfers all or substantially all of its 
assets to become the successor agent. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Holders of the affected Securities in accordance with General Condition 26 (Notices). 
20.
Calculation Agent, Determination, Disclaimer of Liability and other terms 
20.1
Status of Calculation Agent  
The Calculation Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and the Guarantor and does not assume 
any obligations or duty to, or relationship of agency or trust for or with, any Holder. In making 
any determination or exercising any discretion, the Calculation Agent is not obliged to (and 
shall not) consider the individual interests or circumstances of any particular Holder.  
20.2
Standard of care for calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion 
All calculations and determinations and other exercises of discretion made by the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Conditions shall be made in (i) good faith and (ii) 
unless the Conditions specifically provide that the relevant calculation or determination or other 
exercise of discretion shall be made in the sole and absolute discretion (or another standard of 
care) of the relevant entity, a commercially reasonable manner and (where and to the extent that 
such calculation or determination or other exercise of discretion or outcome thereof is subject

--- Page 246 ---
General Conditions 
233 
to a regulatory obligation of the relevant entity to ensure fair treatment) which takes into account 
whether fair treatment is achieved by any such calculation, determination or other exercise of 
discretion or outcome thereof in accordance with such applicable regulatory obligations.  
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions to the contrary, in the case of French Securities, 
any determination to be made by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor will be made 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions to the contrary, in the case of Italian 
Certificates, any determination to be made by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer will be made 
in good faith and in a reasonable manner.  
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions to the contrary, in the case of German 
Securities, any determination to be made by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer shall be made 
in their reasonable discretion (billigem Ermessen) pursuant to section 315 of the German Civil 
Code ("BGB"). 
20.3
Disclaimer of liability 
No liability shall attach to the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, or the Guarantor for errors or 
omissions in respect of any calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion by such 
relevant entity under the Conditions provided that, it has acted in accordance with General 
Condition 20.2 (Standard of care for calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion).  
No liability shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor for any calculation or determination or 
other exercise of discretion made by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Securities. 
20.4
Delegation 
The calculation functions and other discretionary actions (including, but not limited to duties to 
make determinations) required of the Calculation Agent may be delegated to any such person 
as the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, may decide. 
20.5
Calculations and determinations all binding 
All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Securities 
shall be final and binding on the Issuer and Holders in the absence of manifest error. 
20.6
Two or more Calculation Agents 
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Securities, references in 
these General Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions of the Securities.  
20.7
Replacement of Calculation Agent 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish 
any rate or any amount, whether in cash or in kind, specified in the relevant Payout Conditions, 
to make any other required determination or to comply with any of its other obligations, the 
Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market 
(or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting 
through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act 
as such in its place provided that if an Event of Default specified in General Condition 15.1(c), 
(d), (e) or (f) (as applicable) has occurred with respect to the Issuer, the Holders may appoint 
such a replacement in accordance with General Condition 23.1(c)(i) (Majority Consent) in 
respect of Securities other than French Securities and German Securities, General Condition 
23.1(d) (Modification of French Securities) in respect of French Securities and General 
Condition 23.1(e) (Modification of German Securities with Holder consent) in respect of 
German Securities.

--- Page 247 ---
General Conditions 
234 
21.
European Monetary Union 
21.1
Redenomination of Notes 
Where "Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning Provisions" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders on 
giving prior notice to the Relevant Programme Agent, any Relevant Clearing System and at 
least 30 days' prior notice to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 26 (Notices), 
elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Notes shall be 
redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(a)
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the denomination of euro 0.01 
with a nominal amount for each Note equal to the nominal amount of that Note in the 
Specified Currency, converted into euro at the Established Rate, provided that, if the 
Issuer determines that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination in euro 
of internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified above, such 
provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the Holders, the stock exchange (if any) on which the 
Notes may be listed and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(b)
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph 
(d), the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference to 
the aggregate nominal amount of Notes presented for payment by the relevant Holder 
and the amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(c)
if Notes in definitive form are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they 
shall be issued at the expense of the Issuer (i) in the case of Relevant Notes, in the 
denomination of euro 50,000 and/or such higher amounts as the Relevant Programme 
Agent may determine and notify to the Holders and any remaining amounts less than 
euro 50,000 shall be redeemed by the Issuer and paid to the Holders in euro in accordance 
with General Condition 6 (Payments) and (ii) in the case of Notes which are not Relevant 
Notes, in the denominations of euro 1,000, euro 10,000, euro 100,000 and (but only to 
the extent of any remaining amounts less than euro 1,000 or such smaller denominations 
as the Relevant Programme Agent may approve) euro 0.01 and such other denominations 
as the Relevant Programme Agent shall determine and notify to the Holders; 
(d)
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, the payment obligations of all Notes will 
become void with effect from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange 
Notice") that replacement euro-denominated Notes are available for exchange (provided 
that such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them, 
although those Notes will continue to constitute valid exchange obligations of the Issuer. 
New euro-denominated Notes will be issued in exchange for Notes denominated in the 
Specified Currency in such manner as the Relevant Programme Agent may specify and 
as shall be notified to the Holders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be 
given less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the Notes;  
(e)
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes other than payments 
of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, will be 
made solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the Specified Currency were to 
euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(f)
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an 
Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated:

--- Page 248 ---
General Conditions 
235 
(i)
in the case of the Notes represented by a Global Note, by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by 
such Global Note; and 
(ii)
in the case of Notes in definitive form, by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Specified Denomination, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention; and 
(g)
such other changes shall be made to this General Condition 21.1 as the Issuer may decide, 
after consultation with the Relevant Programme Agent, and as may be specified in the 
notice, to conform it to conventions applicable to instruments denominated in euro. 
21.2
Adjustments to Warrants or Certificates for European Monetary Union 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, on giving notice to the Holders in 
accordance with General Condition 26 (Notices):  
(a)
elect that, with effect from the Adjustment Date specified in the notice, certain terms of 
the Warrants or, as the case may be, the Certificates shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i)
where the Specified Currency of the Warrants or, as the case may be, Certificates 
is the National Currency Unit of a country which is participating in the third stage 
of European Economic and Monetary Union, such Specified Currency shall be 
deemed to be an amount of euro converted from the original Specified Currency 
into euro at the Established Rate, subject to such provisions (if any) as to rounding 
as the Calculation Agent may decide and as may be specified in the notice, and 
after the Adjustment Date, all payments of the Settlement Amount in respect of 
the Warrants or the Redemption Amount in respect of Certificates, as the case 
may be, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Warrants or 
Certificates, as the case may be, to the Specified Currency were to euro; and 
(ii)
such other changes shall be made to these General Conditions as the Issuer may 
decide, in its reasonable commercial discretion to conform them to conventions 
then applicable to instruments expressed in euro; and/or 
(b)
require that the Calculation Agent make such adjustments to the exercise, settlement, 
payment and/or any other terms of these General Conditions as the Calculation Agent, 
in its reasonable commercial discretion, may determine to be appropriate to preserve the 
economic terms of the Warrants or, as the case may be, Certificates following 
implementation of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Issuer, any of its affiliates or agents, the Calculation 
Agent nor any Relevant Programme Agent shall be liable to any Holder or other person for any 
commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the transfer of euro or 
any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
22.
Rounding 
22.1
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified in any applicable Payout Condition or Reference Asset Linked 
Condition): 
(a)
all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), 
unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Percentages – Default Rounding" to be not 
applicable, in which case, all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be

--- Page 249 ---
General Conditions 
236 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest Specified Fraction of a percentage point (with halves 
being rounded up); 
(b)
(subject to (c) below) all figures shall be rounded to the nearest seventh decimal place 
(with halves being rounded up), unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Figures – 
Default Rounding" to be not applicable, in which case, all figures shall be rounded to the 
nearest Specified Decimal Place (with halves being rounded up); and 
(c)
all currency amounts (other than yen) that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the 
nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), unless the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Currency amounts due and payable – Default Rounding" to be not 
applicable, in which case, all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded 
to the nearest Specified Unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up). Yen 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded down to the nearest yen, 
unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Yen currency amounts due and payable – 
Default Rounding" to be not applicable, in which case, all yen currency amounts that fall 
due and payable shall be rounded down to the nearest Specified Unit of yen specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and in the case 
of euro means euro 0.01,  
or, in any other case, in relation to any relevant percentage, amount or figure which is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms to be rounded to a Specified Fraction of a percentage point, Specified 
Unit of currency or Specified Decimal Place, as applicable, such percentage, amount or figure 
shall be rounded to such nearest Specified Fraction of a percentage point, nearest Specified Unit 
of currency or nearest Specified Decimal Place, in each case, with halves being rounded up. 
22.2
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions or the Agency Agreement, in respect 
of each Security which is not in definitive form (and save where a Fixed Coupon Amount or 
other specific amounts is expressed to be payable in respect of a Calculation Amount or Notional 
Amount or number of Securities (as applicable)), the entitlement to and calculation of each 
amount payable in cash in respect of such Security shall be based on the aggregate nominal 
amount or aggregate notional amount (as applicable) of all Securities of that Series outstanding 
on such date (or the relevant affected portion thereof (and not the Calculation Amount or 
Notional Amount (as applicable))), rounded in accordance with the method provided in General 
Condition 22.1 above and distributed in accordance with the Relevant Rules. 
23.
Meeting of Holders and Modifications 
23.1
Modifications and Waivers 
(a)
Modification without Holder consent (Securities other than French Securities and German 
Securities) 
The Issuer may from time to time modify and amend the Securities (other than French Securities 
and German Securities) (including the Conditions) or the Agency Agreement in each case 
without the consent of the Holders in accordance with, respectively, this General Condition 
23.1(a) or the Agency Agreement, in such manner as the Issuer deems necessary or desirable, if 
the modification or amendment: 
(i)
is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or 
(ii)
is made to cure a manifest or proven error; or 
(iii)
is made to cure any ambiguity, or is made to correct or supplement any defective 
provisions of the Securities or the Agency Agreement (as applicable); or 
(iv)
is made to correct an error or omission such that, in the absence of such correction, the 
terms of the Securities would not otherwise represent the intended terms of the Securities 
on which the Securities were sold and have since traded; or

--- Page 250 ---
General Conditions 
237 
(v)
will not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Holders of the Securities in 
respect of the Securities. 
Any such modification or amendment shall take effect in accordance with its terms and be 
binding on the Holders and shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with General 
Condition 26 (Notices) as soon as practicable (but failure to give such notice, or non-receipt 
thereof, shall not affect the validity of such modification or amendment). 
(b)
Modification of German Securities without Holder consent 
(i)
The Issuer may in its reasonable discretion, without the consent of the Holders, correct 
any manifest clerical or calculation errors or similar manifest incorrectness in the 
Conditions. A clerical or calculation error or similar incorrectness shall be deemed 
manifest if a Holder who is well-informed in the relevant type of Securities is able to 
perceive such error, especially when taking into account the Issue Price and the further 
factors that determine the value of the Securities. Any corrections within the meaning of 
this paragraph (i) shall be effective and binding upon notification to the Holders in 
accordance with General Condition 26 (Notices). 
(ii)
In addition, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, amend or supplement in 
its reasonable discretion (billigem Ermessen, Section 315 BGB) any contradictory or 
incomplete provisions of the Conditions, provided that only amendments and 
supplements which are reasonably acceptable to the Holder having regard to its interests 
shall be permitted, i.e. those which do not materially prejudice the interests of the Holders 
or which, when read together with the other information included in the Base Prospectus 
dated 17 April 2025 (as supplemented from time to time) and the relevant Issue Terms, 
are manifest within the meaning of paragraph (i). Any corrections within the meaning of 
this paragraph (ii) shall be effective and binding upon notification to the Holders in 
accordance with General Condition 26 (Notices). 
(iii)
In the event of a correction pursuant to paragraph (i) or an amendment or supplement 
pursuant to paragraph (ii), that adversely affects the Holder, such Holder may terminate 
its Securities with immediate effect by written termination notice to the Relevant 
Programme Agent at any time during the period of six weeks following notification of 
such correction, amendment or supplement. In the notice pursuant to paragraph (i) or 
paragraph (ii), as applicable, the Issuer shall advise the Holder of its potential termination 
right at the Early Payment Amount. The termination by the Holder requires the following 
to be effective: the receipt of a termination notice bearing a legally binding signature and 
(A) the transfer of the Securities to the account of the Relevant Programme Agent or (B) 
the irrevocable instruction to the Relevant Programme Agent to withdraw the Securities 
from a securities account maintained with the Relevant Programme Agent (by transfer 
posting or assignment), in each case within such six-week period. The termination notice 
must contain the following information: (A) the name of the Holder, (B) the designation 
and number of the Securities terminated, and (C) a specification of the bank account to 
which the Early Payment Amount shall be credited. The termination date for the purposes 
of this paragraph (iii) shall be the day on which the termination notice or the Securities 
is/are received by the Relevant Programme Agent, whichever occurs later. 
(iv)
Notwithstanding paragraphs (i) and (ii), the Issuer may call the Securities for redemption 
in whole, but not in part, by giving notice in accordance with General Condition 26 
(Notices) if the conditions for avoidance pursuant to Section 119 et seq. BGB are fulfilled 
in relation to the Holders. The termination date for the purposes of this paragraph (iv) 
shall be the day on which the notice is given. Notice of termination must be given 
immediately after the Issuer has gained knowledge of the reason for termination. 
(v)
If an effective termination pursuant to paragraphs (iii) or (iv) has been made, the Issuer 
will pay the Early Payment Amount per Security to the Holders. The Issuer shall transfer 
the Early Payment Amount to the Relevant Clearing System for the credit of the account 
of the relevant holder in the Relevant Clearing System or, in case of termination by the 
Holder, to the account specified in the termination notice. The provisions of General 
Condition 12.2 (Payments on Payment Days) shall apply mutatis mutandis. Upon

--- Page 251 ---
General Conditions 
238 
payment of the Early Payment Amount, all rights arising from the surrendered Securities 
shall be extinguished. The foregoing shall not affect any rights of the Holder to claim 
damages (Ersatz eines Vertrauensschadens) pursuant to Section 122 para. 1 BGB unless 
such claims are excluded due to knowledge or negligent lack of knowledge of the reason 
of termination on the part of the Holder pursuant to Section 122 para. 2 BGB. 
(vi)
The provisions of the BGB on the interpretation (Auslegung) and avoidance (Anfechtung) 
of declarations of intent shall remain unaffected. This General Condition 23.1(b) shall 
be without prejudice to any avoidance rights which a Holder may have under general 
provisions of law. 
(c)
Modification and waiver with Holder consent (Securities other than French Securities and 
German Securities) 
This General Condition 23.1(c) shall not apply to French Securities and German Securities. 
(i)
Majority Consent: Subject as provided in paragraph (ii) below (and in each case subject 
to the consent of the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable)), in order to modify and 
amend the Agency Agreement and the Securities (including the General Conditions), or 
to waive past Issuer defaults, a resolution in writing signed by the Holders of at least a 
majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities at the time outstanding or 
Holders of a majority in number, or of such lesser percentage as may attend and vote at 
a meeting of Holders of the Securities held in accordance with the Agency Agreement 
shall be required.  
(ii)
Consent by Extraordinary Resolution: Any modification which will: 
(A)
extend the stated maturity of the principal of or any instalment of interest on any 
such Security or extend the date for expiration, settlement or payment of any 
coupon in relation to such Security; 
(B)
reduce the principal amount, redemption price of, or settlement price of, or 
interest on (as applicable), any such Security; 
(C)
change the obligation of the Issuer to pay Additional Amounts;  
(D)
change the currency of payment of such Security or interest thereon; 
(E)
impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or 
with respect to any such Security; 
(F)
reduce the percentage in aggregate principal amount of Securities outstanding 
necessary to modify or amend the Agency Agreement, or to waive any past 
default; or  
(G)
reduce the voting or quorum requirements or the percentage of aggregate 
principal amount, redemption price or settlement price (in the case of Notes) or 
number held (in the case of Warrants or Certificates) of Securities outstanding 
required to take any other action authorised to be taken by the Holders of a 
specified principal amount (in the case of Notes) or number held (in the case of 
Warrants or Certificates) of Securities, 
may only be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. A resolution in writing signed 
or electronically approved using the systems and procedures in place from time to time of a 
Relevant Clearing System by or on behalf of 75 per cent. or more of Holders of Securities, by 
reference to the aggregate principal amount at the time outstanding (in the case of Notes) or the 
number of Securities outstanding (in the case of Warrants and Certificates), who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting shall for all purposes be as valid and effective 
as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of the Holders of the Securities. Such 
resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the relevant Holders of Securities or may be in 
the form of SWIFT or other electronic instructions as permitted by the rules and procedures of

--- Page 252 ---
General Conditions 
239 
the Relevant Clearing System, and in each case the date of such resolution shall be the date that 
such 75 per cent. majority is reached. 
(d)
Modification of French Securities 
The Issuer may from time to time amend the Conditions of any French Notes in accordance with 
General Condition 23.3 (Meetings of Holders of French Notes (Masse)) and of French Securities 
other than French Notes in accordance with General Condition 23.4 (Meeting of Holders of 
French Securities (other than French Notes which are obligations under French law and for 
which "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse" is applicable)). 
In respect of French Notes which have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or 
its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or which can be traded in amounts 
of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), the 
Issuer may modify the Conditions of the Securities without the consent of the Holders to correct 
a manifest error. 
(e)
Modification of German Securities with Holder consent 
(i)
In accordance with the German Bond Act of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – 
"SchVG") and the provisions set out in Appendix 1 (Provisions regarding Resolutions 
of Holders of German Securities) to the General Conditions, the Holders may agree, by 
resolution with the majority specified in paragraph (ii), with the Issuer on amendments 
of the Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG. Majority resolutions 
shall be binding on all Holders. Resolutions which do not provide for identical conditions 
for all Holders shall be void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly 
consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
(ii)
Resolutions relating to material amendments to the Conditions, in particular consents to 
the measures set out in Section 5 paragraph 3, no. 1 to 9 of the SchVG, shall be passed 
by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast. Resolutions relating to 
amendments of the Conditions which are not material, require a simple majority of the 
votes cast. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
nominal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding Securities. 
(iii)
All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with Section 18 of the SchVG. A meeting of Holders and 
the assumption of the fees by the Issuer for such a meeting will only take place in the 
circumstances of Section 18 paragraph 4 sentence 2 of the SchVG. 
(iv)
The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Joint Representative 
(as defined below) has convened the vote, by the Joint Representative. 
(v)
If no Joint Representative is designated in the relevant Issue Terms, the Holders may by 
majority resolution appoint a common representative (the "Joint Representative") to 
exercise the rights of the Holders on behalf of each Holder. 
In all other cases, the common representative of the Holders shall be the Joint 
Representative appointed as such in the relevant Issue Terms. The liability of the Joint 
Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual remuneration, unless 
the Joint Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence. 
The Joint Representative shall have the duties and powers conveyed by law or granted 
by majority resolution of the Holders. The Joint Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Joint Representative has been 
authorised to assert rights of Holders, the Holders shall not be entitled to assert such 
rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The 
Joint Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations 
of the SchVG apply with regard to the removal and the other rights and obligations of 
the Joint Representative.

--- Page 253 ---
General Conditions 
240 
(vi)
In the case of Securities issued by JPMSP, the provisions set out above applicable to the 
Securities shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Guarantee of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
23.2
Meetings of Holders (other than Holders of French Securities and German Securities) 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Holders to consider 
matters affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of any of these General Conditions or any provisions of the Agency Agreement, 
as applicable. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer (either at its own instigation or at 
the request of Holders holding at least ten per cent. in aggregate principal amount (in the case 
of Notes) or number held (in the case of Warrants or Certificates) of Securities outstanding). At 
a meeting of the Holders of the Securities for the purpose of approving a modification or 
amendment to, or obtaining a waiver of, any covenant, Condition, Reference Asset Linked 
Condition or the Agency Agreement, the Holders of a clear majority in aggregate principal 
amount (in the case of Notes) or number held (in the case of Warrants or Certificates) at the 
time outstanding shall constitute a quorum. In the absence of a quorum at any such meeting, 
then within 30 minutes of the time appointed for such meeting, the meeting may be adjourned 
for a period of not less than ten days; in the absence of a quorum at any such adjourned meeting, 
such adjourned meeting may be further adjourned for a period of not less than ten days; at the 
reconvening of any meeting further adjourned for lack of a quorum, the persons entitled to 25 
per cent. in aggregate principal amount (in the case of Notes) or number held (in the case of 
Warrants or Certificates) of the Securities at the time outstanding shall constitute a quorum for 
the taking of any action set forth in the notice of the original meeting. At a meeting or an 
adjourned meeting duly convened and at which a quorum is present as aforesaid, any resolution 
to modify or amend the Conditions or any provisions of the Agency Agreement (other than those 
items specified in General Condition 23.1(c)(ii)(A) to 23.1(c)(ii)(G), or to waive compliance 
with, any of the Conditions shall be effectively passed if passed by the persons entitled to the 
lesser of (i) a clear majority in aggregate principal amount (in the case of Notes) or number held 
(in the case of Warrants or Certificates) of the Securities then outstanding or (ii) 75 per cent. in 
aggregate principal amount (in the case of Notes) or number held (in the case of Warrants or 
Certificates) of the Securities represented and voting at the meeting. 
23.3
Meetings of Holders of French Notes (Masse) 
No Masse 
In respect of (i) issues of French Notes which are not "obligations" under French law, (ii) issues 
of French Notes which constitute "obligations" within the meaning of Article L.213-5 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or 
for which the minimum purchase amount per investor and per transaction is at least EUR 
100,000) (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or (iii) issues of French 
Notes which constitute "obligations" within the meaning of Article L.213-5 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier outside France ("à l'étranger"), if the Issue Terms specify "No Masse/Not 
Applicable" with respect to "Representation of Holders of Notes / Masse", the Holders will not, 
in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped for the defence of their common interests in 
a Masse and the provisions of General Condition 23.4 shall apply instead of this General 
Condition 23.3. 
Full Masse 
In respect of French domestic issues of French Notes which constitute "obligations" within the 
meaning of Article L.213-5 of the French Code monétaire et financier with a Specified 
Denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or for which the minimum purchase amount per 
investor and per transaction is less than EUR 100,000) (or its equivalent in the relevant currency 
as of the Issue Date), the Issue Terms shall specify "Full Masse" with respect to "Representation 
of Holders of Notes / Masse". "Full Masse" may also be specified in respect of French Notes 
which constitute "obligations" within the meaning of Article L.213-5 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or for which the minimum purchase amount per 
investor and per transaction is at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency 
as of the Issue Date), or which are issued outside France ("à l'étranger"). If the relevant Issue

--- Page 254 ---
General Conditions 
241 
Terms specify "Full Masse" with respect to "Representation of Holders of Notes / Masse", the 
provisions of this General Condition 23.3 shall apply with respect to the full provisions of 
French Code de commerce relating to the Masse. In this case, the Holders will, in respect of all 
Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a 
Masse in accordance with the full provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the 
Masse, as completed by, and subject to the provisions below. 
Contractual Masse 
In respect of (i) issues of French Notes which are not "obligations" under French law, (ii) issues 
of French Notes which constitute "obligations" within the meaning of Article L.213-5 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or 
for which the minimum purchase amount per investor and per transaction is at least EUR 
100,000) (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or (iii) issues of French 
Notes which constitute "obligations" within the meaning of Article L.213-5 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier outside France ("à l'étranger"), if the Issue Terms specify "Contractual 
Masse" with respect to "Representation of Holders of Notes / Masse", Holders of French Notes 
will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a Masse in accordance with this General Condition 23.3. The Masse will 
be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse (with the 
exception of the provisions of Articles L. 228-48, L. 228-59, R. 228-63, R. 228-67, and R. 228-
69 thereof) as summarised and supplemented by the conditions set forth below. 
(a)
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through a general meeting of the Holders (the "General 
Meeting"). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Holders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect to the 
French Notes. 
(b)
Representative 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will be set 
out in the relevant Issue Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of 
any Series of French Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in 
such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or 
duties as set out in the relevant Issue Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement or revocation of appointment of the Representative, such 
Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of death, retirement or 
revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, a further alternate will be elected by 
the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified 
offices of any of the Relevant Programme Agents. 
(c)
General Meeting 
As further set out in General Condition 23.3(d) (Convening of the General Meeting), a General 
Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation by, in particular, the Issuer or the 
Representative. One or more Holders of French Notes, holding together at least one-thirtieth of 
the principal amount of the French Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the 
Representative a demand for convocation of the General Meeting.  
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each Holder 
of French Notes to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books

--- Page 255 ---
General Conditions 
242 
of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder or the Issuer or the French Registration Agent 
(as the case may be) of the name of such Holders of French Notes, at 0:00, Paris time, on the 
second business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General 
Meeting. 
Each Holder of French Notes has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by 
proxy, by correspondence or by any means of telecommunication allowing the identification of 
the participating Holders of French Notes.  
Each French Note carries the right to one vote, in the case of French Notes issued with more 
than one Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified 
Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such French 
Note. 
(d)
Convening of the General Meeting 
The General Meeting shall be convened in accordance with Article L. 228-58 et seq. of the 
French Code de commerce, i.e. (without prejudice to any law change subsequent to the date of 
the Agency Agreement) by the relevant representative of the Issuer, by the Representative of 
the Masse or by the liquidators or natural or physical persons performing equivalent functions 
during any possible winding-up or equivalent insolvency period.  
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided 
under General Condition 26.4 (Notices to Holders of French Securities) and not less than 15 
days prior to the General Meeting on first convocation and, five days on second convocation. 
One or more Holder of French Notes, together holding at least one-thirtieth of the French Notes 
of the General Meeting, may submit to the Issuer and to the Representative of the Masse a 
request for a meeting to be convened. In the latter case, if the Issuer or the relevant 
Representative does not convene the Masse within two months (or within such longer or shorter 
period of time as may be specified from time by décret en Conseil d'Etat or otherwise), the 
Holder of French Notes requesting the convening of the meeting may bring legal proceedings 
for the appointment of a representative who shall convene the meeting. 
(e)
Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting is empowered to deliberate on the dismissal and replacement of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative and also may act with respect to any other 
matter that relates to the common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may 
accrue with respect to the French Notes, including authorising the Representative to act at law 
as plaintiff or defendant. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the 
Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in 
controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that the 
General Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) of the Holders of French Notes, nor 
establish any unequal treatment between the Holders of French Notes, nor decide to convert 
French Notes into shares, except in accordance with Article L. 228-106 of the French Code de 
commerce. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Holders of French Notes 
present or represented hold at least a fifth of the principal amount of the French Notes then 
outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall 
be taken by a two-third majority of votes cast by Holders of French Notes attending such 
General Meetings or represented thereat. 
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
General Condition 26.4 (Notices to Holders of French Securities). 
(f)
Written Decision and Electronic Consent

--- Page 256 ---
General Conditions 
243 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer shall be entitled, in 
lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a decision from the Holders by way 
of a written decision (the "Written Decision"). Such Written Decision shall be signed by or on 
behalf of Holders holding not less than two-thirds of the French Notes without having to comply 
with formalities and time limit set out for the General Meetings. Subject to the following 
sentence, a Written Decision may be contained in one document or in several documents in like 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Holders. Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-
1 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Decision may also be given by way 
of electronic communication ("Electronic Consent"). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Decision (including by way of Electronic Consent) 
will be published as provided under General Condition 26.4 (Notices to Holders of French 
Securities) not less than five days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Decision 
(the "Written Decision Date"). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Decision will contain 
the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the Holders who wish to express 
their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Decision. Holders expressing their approval 
or rejection before the Written Decision Date will undertake not to dispose of their French Notes 
until after the Written Decision Date. 
(g)
Effect of decisions made by a General Meeting or Written Decisions 
A decision passed at a General Meeting or a Written Decision (including by Electronic Consent), 
shall be binding on all Holders, whether or not present or represented at the General Meeting 
and whether or not, in the case of a Written Decision (including by Electronic Consent), they 
have participated in such Written Decision (including by Electronic Consent) and each of them 
shall be bound to give effect to the decision accordingly. 
Information to Holders 
Each Holder or Representative thereof will have the right, (i) during the 15-day period preceding 
the holding of each General Meeting on first convocation, (ii) during the 5-day period preceding 
the holding of the relevant General Meeting on second convocation, or (iii) in the case of a 
Written Decision, a period of not less than five days preceding the Written Decision Date, as 
the case may be, to consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed 
and of the reports which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available 
for inspection by the relevant Holders at the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified 
offices of any of the relevant Programme Agent during usual business hours and at any other 
place specified in the notice of the General Meeting or the Written Decision. 
Decisions of General Meeting and Written Decision, once approved, will be published in 
accordance with General Condition 26.4 (Notices to Holders of French Securities). 
Expenses 
If "Contractual Masse" or "No Masse" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer will 
pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses relating to the calling 
and holding of General Meetings and seeking the approval of a Written Decision, and more 
generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting or in writing 
through Written Decision by the Holders, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be 
imputed against interest payable under the French Notes. 
If "Full Masse" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, Article L. 228-71 of the French Code 
de commerce shall apply. 
Single Masse 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse", the Holders of 
French Notes of the same Series, and the Holders of French Notes of any other Tranche which 
have been consolidated (assimilées) with the French Notes of such first mentioned Series in 
accordance with General Condition 25 (Further Issues), shall, for the defence of their respective 
common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the

--- Page 257 ---
General Conditions 
244 
first Tranche of any Series of French Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all 
such Tranches in respect of the same Series.  
Single Holder 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse", if and for so 
long as the French Notes of a given Series are held by a single Holder, the relevant Holders will 
exercise directly the powers delegated to the Representative and General Meetings of Holders 
under General Condition 23.3 (Meetings of Holders of French Notes (Masse)), as the case may 
be, whether or not a Representative has been appointed. For the avoidance of doubt, if a 
Representative has been appointed while the French Notes of a given Series are held by a single 
Holder, such Representative shall be devoid of powers. A Representative shall only be appointed 
if the French Notes of a Series are held by more than one Holder. 
23.4
Meeting of Holders of French Securities (other than French Notes which are obligations 
under French law and for which "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse" is applicable) 
The Issuer may convene (either at its own instigation or at the request of Holders of French 
Warrants, French Certificates or French Notes (which are not obligations under French law or 
are obligations and for which "No Masse" is applicable) holding at least ten per cent. of the 
number of Warrants, Certificates or Notes (which are not obligations under French law or are 
obligations and for which "No Masse" is applicable) outstanding by giving notice to Holders of 
French Warrants, French Certificates or French Notes (which are not obligations under French 
law or are obligations and for which "No Masse" is applicable) in accordance with General 
Condition 26 (Notices)) of a meeting of Holders of French Warrants, French Certificates and 
French Notes (which are not obligations under French law or are obligations and for which "No 
Masse" is applicable) under French law for the purpose of approving a modification or 
amendment to, or obtaining a waiver of, any covenant, General Condition or Reference Asset 
Linked Condition. The Holders of a clear majority of the number of French Warrants, French 
Certificates or French Notes (which are not obligations under French law or are obligations and 
for which "No Masse" is applicable) held at the time outstanding shall constitute a quorum. In 
the absence of a quorum at any such meeting, within 30 minutes of the time appointed for such 
meeting, the meeting may be adjourned for a period of not less than ten days; in the absence of 
a quorum at any such adjourned meeting, such adjourned meeting may be further adjourned for 
a period of not less than ten days; at the reconvening of any meeting further adjourned for lack 
of a quorum, the persons entitled to hold 25 per cent. of the number of French Warrants, French 
Certificates or French Notes (which are not obligations under French law or are obligations and 
for which "No Masse" is applicable) outstanding shall constitute a quorum for the taking of any 
action set forth in the notice of the original meeting. At a meeting or an adjourned meeting duly 
convened and at which a quorum is present as aforesaid, any resolution to modify or amend the 
Conditions, or to waive compliance with, any of the Conditions shall be effectively passed if 
passed by the persons entitled to the lesser of (i) a clear majority of the number of French 
Warrants, French Certificates or French Notes (which are not obligations under French law or 
are obligations and for which "No Masse" is applicable) then outstanding or (ii) 75 per cent. of 
the number of French Warrants, French Certificates or French Notes (which are not obligations 
under French law or are obligations and for which "No Masse" is applicable) represented and 
voting at the meeting. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Holders of French Warrants, 
French Certificates or French Notes (which are not obligations under French law or are 
obligations and for which "No Masse" is applicable) who are for the time being entitled to 
receive notice of a meeting of Holders of French Warrants, French Certificates or French Notes 
(which are not obligations under French law or are obligations and for which "No Masse" is 
applicable) will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing 
may be contained in one document or in several documents in the same form, each signed by or 
on behalf of one or more Holders of French Warrants, French Certificates or French Notes 
(which are not obligations under French law or are obligations and for which "No Masse" is 
applicable).

--- Page 258 ---
General Conditions 
245 
24.
Purchase and Cancellation 
24.1
Purchase 
The Issuer, the JPMCFC Guarantor in respect of Securities issued by JPMCFC, the JPMSP 
Guarantor in respect of Securities issued by JPMSP, and any of their subsidiaries or affiliates 
may at any time purchase Securities. Purchases may be made at any price in the open market or 
by tender or private treaty. Any Securities so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered 
for cancellation. 
24.2
Cancellation 
The obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) in respect of Securities 
surrendered for cancellation shall be discharged following redemption and cancellation of the 
Securities by the Issuer (together, in the case of Registered Securities in definitive form, by 
surrendering the registered certificate representing such Securities to the Registrar). French 
Securities shall be cancelled by being transferred to an account in accordance with the rules of 
procedures of Euroclear France.  
25.
Further Issues 
The relevant Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Holders create and issue 
further securities of any Series or Tranche, having the same terms and conditions as the relevant 
Securities (with the exception of the first Interest Payment Date, the first Coupon Payment Date 
and the Issue Price of the further securities) (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in 
the conditions of such securities to "Issue Date" shall be to the first issue date of the Securities) 
and so that the same shall be consolidated (with respect to French Securities, assimilées) and 
form a single series with the applicable Securities of that Series or Tranche and references in 
these General Conditions to "Securities" shall be construed accordingly. 
26.
Notices 
26.1
Notices to the Holders of Registered Securities in definitive form 
Notices to the Holders of Registered Securities in definitive form shall be mailed to them at 
their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday 
(being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing.  
26.2
Notices to Holders of interests in Global Securities 
For Global Securities representing the Securities that are held in their entirety on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt or Euroclear France notices 
to the Holders of the Securities may be made by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt or Euroclear France for 
communication by them to the Holders of the Securities. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the Holders of the Securities on the day after the day on which such notice 
was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt or Euroclear 
France. 
26.3
Notices to Holders of Swiss Securities  
Notices to Holders of interests in Swiss Securities shall be validly given if published on the 
website maintained on behalf of the Issuer, https://sp.jpmorgan.com/spweb/index.html. 
26.4
Notices to Holders of French Securities 
(a)
Notices to the Holders of French Securities in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) shall be valid if either, (a) they are mailed to them at their respective 
addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday 
(being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (b) at the option of 
the Issuer, as long as such French Securities are listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, they are published (i) in a leading daily newspaper having general

--- Page 259 ---
General Conditions 
246 
circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (ii) in accordance with 
Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF, or (c) so long as such 
French Securities are listed and admitted to trading on any regulated market or other 
stock exchange and the rules of such regulated market or other stock exchange so require, 
in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the regulated 
market or other stock exchange on which such French Securities are listed and admitted 
to trading is located and on the website of any other competent authority or regulated 
market of the EEA member state where the French Securities are listed and admitted to 
trading. 
(b)
Notices to the Holders of French Securities in bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid if 
published (a) so long as such French Securities are listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, (i) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which 
is expected to be Les Echos), or (ii) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the 
Règlement Général of the AMF, or (b) so long as such French Securities are listed and 
admitted to trading on any regulated market or other stock exchange and the rules of such 
regulated market or other stock exchange so require, in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city where the regulated market or other stock exchange on 
which such French Securities are listed and admitted to trading is located and on the 
website of any other competent authority or regulated market of the EEA member state 
where the French Securities are listed and admitted to trading. 
(c)
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in 
another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, 
if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first such publication. 
(d)
Notices required to be given to the Holders of French Securities (whether in registered 
or in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other clearing 
system through which the French Securities are for the time being cleared in substitution 
for the mailing and/or publication of a notice required by General Conditions 26.4(a), (b) 
and (c) above; except that so long as the French Securities are listed and admitted to 
trading on a regulated market or other stock exchange and the rules of such regulated 
market or other stock exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a leading 
daily newspaper of general circulation in the city where the regulated market or other 
stock exchange on which such French Securities are listed and admitted to trading is 
located. 
(e)
Notices relating to convocation and decision(s) pursuant to General Condition 23.3 and 
pursuant to Articles R.228-79 and R.236-14 of the French Code de commerce shall be 
given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and any other clearing system through which the French Notes are for the 
time being cleared. For the avoidance of doubt, General Conditions 26.4(a), (b), (c), (d) 
shall not apply to such notices. 
(f)
Notices, if validly published , in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (e) above, more than 
once, will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication. 
26.5
Notices to Holders of German Securities 
Notices to Holders of German Securities will be valid if published (a) on the website maintained 
on behalf of the Issuer, https://sp.jpmorgan.com/spweb/index.html, or (b) in accordance with 
General Condition 26.2 (Notices to Holders of interests in Global Securities). 
26.6
Notices in respect of Securities listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
So long as the Securities are admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so require all notices regarding the Securities will be deemed to be validly given if 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 260 ---
General Conditions 
247 
26.7
Notices in respect of Securities listed on any other stock exchange 
For so long as any Securities are listed on any other stock exchange or listing authority, notices 
shall be published in accordance with the rules of such stock exchange or listing authority. 
26.8
Notices by Holders of German Securities 
In respect of German Securities, notices which are required to be given by the Holder to the 
Issuer or Relevant Programme Agent pursuant to General Condition 11.2 (Automatic Exercise 
Warrant Notice Requirement) and General Condition 11.3 (Exercise Procedure) must be given 
(and will only be validly given) if:  
(a)
the Holder submits to the Relevant Programme Agent a written notice in the form 
available from the Relevant Programme Agent which has been completed by such Holder 
or which includes any statements and declarations required by such form, in particular: 
(i)
the name and address of the Holder; 
(ii)
the specification (including ISIN/WKN) and number of Securities to which the 
notice is applicable; 
(iii)
the account of the Holder with a bank in the Federal Republic of Germany to 
which any payments that may be owed or delivery which may be due under the 
Securities are to be credited; and 
(iv)
in respect of Securities to which Physical Settlement applies, a Non-U.S. 
Certification; and 
(b)
delivers the Securities to which the notice relates to the Relevant Programme Agent 
either (i) by means of an irrevocable instruction to the Relevant Programme Agent to 
debit the Securities from the depository account, if any, maintained with the Relevant 
Programme Agent, or (ii) by transfer of the Securities to the account of the Relevant 
Programme Agent with the Relevant Clearing System. 
If the number of Securities to which the notice relates differs from the number of Securities 
transferred to the Relevant Programme Agent, the notice shall be deemed to apply only for the 
smaller of both numbers of Securities. Any Securities transferred in excess of the number of 
Securities to which the notice relates shall be re-transferred to the Holder at its risk and expense. 
No Securities so delivered and options so exercised may be withdrawn without the prior consent 
of the Issuer. 
26.9
Notices from the Calculation Agent 
Notices from the Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with General Conditions 26.1 
(Notices to the Holders of Registered Securities in definitive form) to 26.7 (Notices in respect of 
Securities listed on any other stock exchange) above, as applicable. 
27.
Substitution 
27.1
Right of Substitution 
The Issuer may (provided it has complied with the requirements set out in General Conditions 
27.2(a) to (e) (inclusive) (for Securities other than German Securities and French Securities) or 
General Conditions 27.3(a) to (e) (inclusive) (for German Securities and French Securities)) at 
any time, without the consent of the Holders, substitute for itself any company from JPMorgan 
Chase & Co. and its consolidated subsidiaries (including the Guarantors) (the "Substitute") 
provided, however, that (i) in respect of Securities issued by JPMCFC, either JPMCFC or 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. has or will (or based on an opinion of counsel to JPMCFC (or to 
JPMorgan Chase & Co., in its capacity as guarantor, as the case may be) there is a substantial 
likelihood that it will) or (ii) in respect of Securities issued by JPMSP, (i) either JPMSP or 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. has or will (or based on an opinion of counsel to JPMSP (or to

--- Page 261 ---
General Conditions 
248 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in its capacity as guarantor, as the case may be), there is a 
substantial likelihood that it will), in each case, become obliged to pay Additional Amounts as 
provided or referred to in General Condition 18.1 (Obligation to pay Additional Amounts) or 
(ii) an Underlying Hedge Entity has incurred or will (or based on an opinion of counsel to such 
Underlying Hedge Entity there is a substantial likelihood that it will) incur a materially increased 
cost with respect to taxes (including, without limitation, grossing-up payments or receiving 
payments net of withholding) in performing its obligations in relation to the Underlying Hedge 
Transactions (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position with respect to an Underlying Hedge Tax 
Jurisdiction), in each case (x) as a result of (I) any action taken by a Relevant Jurisdiction or an 
Underlying Hedge Tax Jurisdiction (as applicable) or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax or brought in a court of competent jurisdiction on or after 
the Issue Date; or (II) the proposal, adoption, finalisation or expiration of any laws, regulations, 
or administrative guidance of a Relevant Jurisdiction, Underlying Hedge Tax Jurisdiction or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in, 
or amendment to (or proposed change or amendment to), proposed or final laws, regulations, or 
administrative guidance, or any change in the application or official interpretation of proposed 
or final laws, regulations or administrative guidance (including by inaction, such as the failure 
to finalise proposed regulations or administrative guidance, or due to the mere passage of time), 
which proposal, adoption, finalisation, expiration, change or amendment becomes effective on 
or after the Issue Date or with respect to payments made on or after the Issue Date; and (y) such 
obligation or cost with respect to taxes cannot be avoided by the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
Underlying Hedge Entity (as applicable) taking reasonable measures available to it (as 
determined by the Issuer or the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent on their behalf). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 27.1, the term "Relevant Jurisdiction" shall also 
include any jurisdiction that enters into an intergovernmental agreement with the United States 
in furtherance of FATCA. 
With regard to Italian Certificates, for so long as the Securities are admitted to trading on an 
Italian MTF, any substitution of the Issuer will be subject to the rules, instructions and 
requirements of the relevant Italian MTF. The obligations of the Substitute in respect of the 
Italian Certificates will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer. 
27.2
Means of Substitution (Securities other than German Securities and French Securities) 
The right of substitution granted to Securities other than German Securities and French 
Securities is subject to fulfilment of the following: 
(a)
the Substitute having, by means of a deed poll (the "Deed Poll"), substantially in the 
form scheduled to the Agency Agreement: 
(i)
become a party to the Agency Agreement with any appropriate consequential 
amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(ii)
indemnified each Holder against (x) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental 
charge that is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of 
the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its 
incorporation with respect to any Security or the Deed of Covenant arising from 
or in connection with the substitution and (y) any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge, and any cost or expense relating to the substitution; 
(iii)
completed all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and 
done in respect of the substitution (including the obtaining of any necessary 
consents from the Swedish CSD in respect of Swedish Securities), and to ensure 
that the Deed Poll, the Securities and Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally 
binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, in the case of the Deed 
Poll, of the relevant Guarantor, and a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
describing the Programme having been prepared if required to describe the 
Substitute;

--- Page 262 ---
General Conditions 
249 
(b)
in respect of Securities issued by JPMCFC, where JPMCFC is substituted as issuer, and 
where JPMorgan Chase & Co. is not the Substitute, JPMorgan Chase & Co. shall 
guarantee the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Securities and the 
Deed of Covenant by means of the Deed Poll; 
(c)
in respect of Securities issued by JPMSP or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., where JPMSP 
or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is substituted as issuer, and where JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. is not the Substitute, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
shall guarantee the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Securities and 
the Deed of Covenant by means of the Deed Poll;  
(d)
in respect of Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co., where JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
is substituted as issuer, and where JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is not the Substitute, 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. shall guarantee the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed 
Poll, the Securities and the Deed of Covenant by means of the Deed Poll; and 
(e)
the Issuer shall give at least 14 days' (or, in the case of Italian Certificates, at least 30 
days') prior notice of such substitution to the Holders (which shall be announced in 
accordance with General Condition 26 (Notices)), stating that copies, or pending 
execution the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution that are referred 
to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Holders, shall be 
available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
27.3
Means of Substitution in respect of German Securities and French Securities 
The right of substitution granted to German Securities and French Securities is subject to the 
following: 
(a)
the Substitute assuming all obligations of the Issuer or any previous substituted company 
arising from or in connection with the German Securities or the French Securities; 
(b)
the Issuer and the Substitute having obtained all necessary authorisations and being able 
to transfer all amounts required for the fulfilment of the payment obligations under the 
German Securities or the French Securities to the Relevant Programme Agent (in the 
currency required under the German Securities and French Securities) without being 
obliged to deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by the 
country in which the Substitute or the Issuer has its domicile or tax residence;  
(c)
the Substitute agreeing to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder of German 
Securities or French Securities against (i) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental 
charge imposed on such Holder of German Securities or French Securities by (or by any 
authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax 
purposes and, if different, of its incorporation which would not have been so imposed if 
the Substitution had not been made and (ii) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental 
charge, any cost or expense in respect of such Substitution;  
(d)
if the German Securities or the French Securities are listed on a stock exchange and the 
rules of such exchange (or other regulatory authority) so require, the Issuer notifying 
such substitution in accordance with applicable rules and regulations; and 
(e)
in the case of German Securities or French Securities issued by JPMCFC or JPMSP, the 
obligations of the Substitute arising under the German Securities or French Securities 
remaining guaranteed by the relevant Guarantor. 
A notice of any Substitution in accordance with this General Condition 27.3 will be published 
in accordance with General Condition 26 (Notices).  
27.4
References to Issuer deemed to be to Substitute 
Where an Issuer is substituted for a Substitute, any reference to such Issuer in these General 
Conditions shall be deemed to be a reference to the Substitute.

--- Page 263 ---
General Conditions 
250 
28.
Prescription 
28.1
Securities other than German Securities 
Claims against the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor for payment or delivery in respect 
of the Securities (including without limitation, claims for any applicable redemption amounts 
payable) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within (and no claims shall be made 
after such Relevant Payment Date): 
(a)
ten years (in the case of principal or any Reference Asset Amount(s)) from the 
appropriate Relevant Payment Date in respect of the relevant Notes; 
(b)
five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Payment Date in respect 
of the relevant Notes; or  
(c)
five years from the Settlement Date in respect of Warrants and Certificates.  
28.2
German Securities 
In the case of principal or any Reference Asset Amount(s), the period for presentation of 
German Securities (pursuant to section 801 paragraph 1 sentence 1 BGB) shall be ten years from 
the date on which the relevant obligation of the Issuer under the German Securities first becomes 
due, and the period of limitation for claims under the German Securities presented during the 
period for presentation shall be two years calculated from the expiration of the presentation 
period. For the avoidance of doubt: in the case of interest, sections 195 and 199 BGB apply. 
29.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
29.1
Governing Law  
(a)
Securities other than French Securities, German Securities and New York Law Notes 
Save to the extent provided in General Condition 29.1(b) (Danish Notes, Finnish Securities, 
Norwegian Securities and Swedish Securities) below (if applicable), the Securities (including 
Swiss Securities and the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee in respect of Securities issued 
by JPMSP, but excluding French Securities, German Securities and New York Law Notes) and 
the Agency Agreement (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of whatever nature 
(whether contractual, non-contractual or otherwise) arising out of or in any way relating to the 
Securities, the relevant Guarantee or the Agency Agreement or their respective formation) are 
governed by English law. The JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee in respect of Securities issued 
by JPMCFC shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without 
reference to the principles of conflicts of law thereof). 
(b)
Danish Notes, Finnish Securities, Norwegian Securities and Swedish Securities 
Danish law will be applicable in respect of the registration (including transfer of title redemption 
and payments) of Danish Notes in the VP. Finnish law will be applicable in respect of the title 
to and registration of Finnish Securities in Euroclear Finland. Norwegian law will be applicable 
in respect of the registration of Norwegian Securities in the VPS. Swedish law will be applicable 
in respect of the registration of Swedish Securities in Euroclear Sweden.  
(c)
French Securities 
French Securities (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of whatever nature 
(whether contractual, non-contractual or otherwise) arising out of or in any way relating to 
French Securities, or their formation) are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with 
French law. The JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee in respect of French Securities issued 
by JPMSP and the Agency Agreement (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of 
whatever nature (whether contractual, non-contractual or otherwise) arising out of or in any way 
relating to the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee or the Agency Agreement, or its 
formation) shall be governed by English law. The JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee in respect 
of French Securities issued by JPMCFC (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of

--- Page 264 ---
General Conditions 
251 
whatever nature (whether contractual, non-contractual or otherwise) arising out of or in any way 
relating to the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee, or its formation) shall be governed by the 
laws of the State of New York. 
(d)
German Securities 
German Securities are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with, German law. The 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee in respect of Securities issued by JPMSP shall be 
governed by and construed in accordance with English law. The JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
Guarantee in respect of Securities issued by JPMCFC shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 
(e)
New York Law Notes 
New York Law Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of 
the State of New York (without giving effect to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof). 
29.2
Jurisdiction 
(a)
Securities other than French Securities, German Securities and New York Law Notes 
The Courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes, controversy, 
proceedings or claim of whatever nature that may arise out of or in connection with any 
Securities (other than French Securities, German Securities and New York Law Notes 
(including their formation), including the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee in respect of 
Securities issued by JPMSP and accordingly any such legal action or proceedings 
("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. Each of the Issuer and the JPMSP Guarantor 
(if applicable) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and 
waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that 
the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. These submissions are made for 
the benefit of each of the Holders of the Securities and shall not affect the right of any of them 
to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of 
Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).  
(b)
French Securities 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any French Securities may be brought before 
any competent court of the jurisdiction of the Paris Court of Appeal. 
(c)
German Securities 
The courts of Frankfurt am Main are to have jurisdiction to settle any Proceedings that may arise 
out of or in connection with any German Securities (including their formation) and accordingly 
any Proceedings may be brought in such court. In respect of German Securities, each of the 
Issuer and the relevant Guarantor (if applicable) irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the 
courts of Frankfurt am Main and waives any objection to Proceedings in such court on the 
ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient 
forum. These submissions are made for the benefit of each of the holders of the Securities and 
shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking 
of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
(d)
New York Law Notes 
Any federal or state court in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, State of New 
York is to have jurisdiction to settle any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with New York Law Notes (including their formation), and the JPMorgan Chase & 
Co. Guarantee in respect of Securities issued by JPMCFC (the "Proceedings") that may be 
brought in such courts. Each of the Issuer and the JPMCFC Guarantor (if applicable) irrevocably 
submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts

--- Page 265 ---
General Conditions 
252 
on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum. 
29.3
Service of Process 
(a)
Securities other than German Securities and New York Law Notes 
Each of JPMCFC, JPMSP, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. appoints 
the Company Secretary of J.P. Morgan Securities plc of 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London 
E14 5JP, England as their respective agent in England to receive, for them and on their behalf, 
service of process in any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be deemed completed on 
delivery to the relevant process agent (whether or not, it is forwarded to and received by 
JPMCFC, JPMSP, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co., as the case may 
be). If for any reason the process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an 
address in London, each of JPMCFC, JPMSP, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase 
& Co., as the case may be, irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall 
immediately notify Holders of such appointment in accordance with General Condition 26 
(Notices). Nothing shall affect the right of Holders to serve process in any manner permitted by 
law. 
(b)
German Securities 
Each of the Issuer and the relevant Guarantor (if applicable) appoints the Head of the Legal 
Department of J.P. Morgan SE, TaunusTurm, Taunustor 1, 60310 Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
as its agent in Germany to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings 
in Germany. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to the relevant process agent 
(whether or not, it is forwarded to and received by the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor (if 
applicable)). If for any reason the relevant process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no 
longer has an address in Germany, the Issuer and the relevant Guarantor (if applicable) 
irrevocably agree to appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately notify Holders of 
such appointment in accordance with General Condition 26.5 (Notices to Holders of German 
Securities). Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. 
(c)
New York Law Notes 
This General Condition 29.3 (Service of Process) shall not apply in respect of New York Law 
Notes. 
30.
Third parties and waiver of trial by jury 
(a)
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
In respect of any Securities which are governed by English law, no person shall have any right 
to enforce any term or condition of the Securities under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from that Act. 
(b)
For the Sole Benefit of Holders of New York Law Notes; no third-party beneficiaries 
In respect of New York Law Notes, nothing in the Conditions, expressed or implied, shall give 
or be construed to give to any person, firm or corporation, other than the Holders, any legal or 
equitable right, remedy or claim under the Conditions, the Conditions being for the sole benefit 
of the Holders. There shall not be any third-party beneficiaries of the Conditions in respect of 
New York Law Notes. 
(c)
Waiver of any rights to a Trial by Jury 
In respect of New York Law Notes, each Holder hereby knowingly, voluntarily and intentionally 
waives (to the extent permitted by applicable law) any rights it may have to a trial by jury in 
respect of any litigation based hereon, or arising out of, under, or in connection with, these 
Securities or any other related documents, or any course of conduct, course of dealing, 
statements (whether verbal or written), or actions of the Holders.

--- Page 266 ---
General Conditions 
253 
31.
Definitions and Interpretation 
31.1
Definitions 
In these General Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall 
have the respective meanings set out below: 
"Acceleration Date" has the meaning given in General Condition 15.2 (Consequences of an 
Event of Default). 
"Additional Amounts" has the meaning given in General Condition 18 (Taxation and Early 
Redemption or Termination for Taxation). 
"Adjusted Arithmetic Mean" means the arithmetic mean after eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest), unless only two quotations are provided, in which case 
neither the highest quotation nor the lowest quotation will be eliminated. 
"Adjustment Date" means a date specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Holders 
pursuant to General Condition 21.2 (Adjustments to Warrants or Certificates for European 
Monetary Union) which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency 
first participates in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the 
Treaty. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Securities and a Relevant 
Benchmark, the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the 
following events in respect of such Relevant Benchmark: 
(a)
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval 
or inclusion in any official register in respect of a Relevant Benchmark or the 
administrator or sponsor of a Relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained 
or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, or any prohibition by a relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the 
Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) and/or any other relevant entity is 
not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Relevant 
Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities; or 
(b)
any material change to the methodology or formula for the Relevant Benchmark or any 
other means of calculating the Relevant Benchmark, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent ("Material Methodology Change Event"). 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event Effective Date" means: 
(a)
in the case of paragraph (a) of the definition of "Administrator/Benchmark Event", the 
date from which the Relevant Benchmark may no longer be used under any applicable 
law or regulation by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) and/or any 
other relevant entity to perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities; or 
(b)
in the case of paragraph (b) of the definition of "Administrator/Benchmark Event", the 
date on which the change to the methodology or formula for the Relevant Benchmark 
becomes effective. 
"Affiliate" has the meaning given in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 
"Agency Agreement" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Agents" means the Principal Programme Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Delivery Agent as appointed by the Issuer and, if applicable, 
the Guarantor, and each Relevant Programme Agent.

--- Page 267 ---
General Conditions 
254 
"American Style" has the meaning given in General Condition 11.1(a) (Exercise Style and 
Period). 
"Amortised Face Amount" has the meaning given in General Condition 5.4 (Early Redemption 
of Zero Coupon Notes). 
"Amortisation Yield" means the yield specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if none 
is specified, the yield determined in accordance with General Condition 5.4 (Early Redemption 
of Zero Coupon Notes). 
"Automatic Exercise" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, that the 
relevant Warrants not exercised prior to the Expiration Date shall be deemed to have been 
exercised on the Expiration Date. 
"Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice" means, in respect of Warrants, the notice specified in 
General Condition 11.2 (Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice Requirement). 
"Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, 
in a city in which banks have access to T2 provided however, that payment will not be made by 
mail to an address in the United States or by transfer to an account maintained in the United 
States. 
"Bearer Global Security" means a Permanent Bearer Global Security or a Temporary Bearer 
Global Security. 
"Bearer Notes" means any Notes specified to be a Bearer Security in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Bearer Securities" means any Securities specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Belgian Securities" means Securities in respect of which the Belgian Securities Annex is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Benchmark" means the benchmark or other rate specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Bermudan Style" has the meaning given in General Condition 11.1(a) (Exercise Style and 
Period). 
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation (in the case of 
Securities in definitive form), in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Additional 
Financial Centre(s)" in the relevant Issue Terms and: 
(a)
(unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Default Business Day" to be not applicable) in 
the case of a payment in a currency other than euro, where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, a day on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be claimed on and commercial banks settle payments 
in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the control of such currency; 
(b)
(unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Default Business Day" to be not applicable) in 
the case of a payment in euro, a day which is a TARGET2 Settlement Day; 
(c)
(unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Default Business Day" to be not applicable) in 
the case of a payment in United States dollars, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in New York City; 
and/or 
(d)
in the case of one or more Additional Financial Centres, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Additional 
Financial Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Additional 
Financial Centres,

--- Page 268 ---
General Conditions 
255 
provided that if the Additional Financial Centres are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be 
or to include "TARGET" or "TARGET2", then Business Day shall also be a day which is a 
TARGET2 Settlement Day (in addition to the terms of the foregoing paragraphs (a), (b) and (c), 
as applicable); and in cases where payments and/or deliveries are to be made through a Relevant 
Clearing System, a day on which such Relevant Clearing System is (or, but for the occurrence 
of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) also open for the acceptance and execution 
of settlement instructions. 
"Business Day Convention" has the meaning given in General Condition 12 (Business Day). 
"Calculation Agent" means J.P. Morgan Securities plc, J.P. Morgan SE or J.P. Morgan 
Securities LLC and includes any alternative calculation agent appointed from time to time in 
respect of a Series of Securities identified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Calculation Amount" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Call Option Exercise Date" means, with respect to an Optional Redemption Date, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if an Optional Redemption Table is set out in 
the relevant Issue Terms, with respect to an Optional Redemption Date specified in the Optional 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Optional Redemption Date(s)", each date set forth in 
the Optional Redemption Table in the column entitled "Call Option Exercise Date" in the row 
corresponding to such Optional Redemption Date. 
"Cash Settlement" means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, cash payment 
of the Settlement Amount or Redemption Amount. 
"Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms in respect of each Coupon Payment Date or, if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the 
relevant Issue Terms, with respect to each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled "Coupon Payment Date(s)", the amount set forth in the 
Coupon Payment Table in the column entitled "Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount" in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date, unless the relevant Issue Terms specify 
"Calculated from Coupon Value", in which case the Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount shall be 
an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent to be equal to (a) the 
Notional Amount per Certificate, multiplied by (b) the Coupon Value. Any amounts so 
calculated will be rounded in accordance with General Condition 22 (Rounding). 
"Certificates" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Clearing System Business Day" means, in respect of any Relevant Clearing System, any day 
on which such Relevant Clearing System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement 
Disruption Event, would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement 
instructions. 
"Clearstream Frankfurt" means Clearstream Banking AG, Eschborn, Germany or any 
successor or replacement thereto. 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme or any successor 
or replacement thereto. 
"Closed Periods" has the meaning given in General Condition 2.1(g) (Closed Periods in respect 
of Danish Notes, Finnish Securities, Norwegian Securities and Swedish Securities). 
"Code" means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
"Commodity Linked Provisions" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Commodity Linked Securities" means any Securities in respect of which the "Commodity 
Linked Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Compounded Daily €STR Recommended Fallback Rate" means:

--- Page 269 ---
General Conditions 
256 
(a)
the rate (if any) recommended as the replacement for €STR by (i) the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) or (ii) a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by (i) the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
and/or (ii) the European Securities and Markets Authority, in each case for such purpose 
("Fallback €STR"); or 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date has not occurred with respect to Fallback €STR, and (ii) neither the 
administrator of €STR nor any authorised distributor has provided or published Fallback 
€STR for the day in respect of which it is required, the last provided or published 
Fallback €STR; or 
(c)
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date has not occurred with respect to Fallback €STR, (ii) neither the 
administrator of €STR nor any authorised distributor has provided or published Fallback 
€STR for the day in respect of which it is required, and (iii) there is no last provided or 
published Fallback €STR, the last provided or published €STR; or 
(d)
if the Calculation Agent determines that:  
(i)
Fallback €STR has not been published or provided before the end of the first 
TARGET2 Settlement Day following the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date with respect to €STR; or  
(ii)
an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date has occurred with respect to 
Fallback €STR,  
the sum of (x) the rate on the deposit facility that banks may use to make overnight deposits 
with the Eurosystem ("EDFR") and (y) such spread as the Calculation Agent considers to be 
reasonable taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). 
"Compounded Daily SOFR Recommended Fallback Rate" means: 
(a)
the rate (if any) recommended as the replacement for SOFR by the Federal Reserve 
Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or by a committee officially endorsed 
or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for 
such purpose ("Fallback SOFR"); or 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date has not occurred with respect to Fallback SOFR, and (ii) neither the 
administrator of SOFR nor any authorised distributor has provided or published Fallback 
SOFR for the day in respect of which it is required, the last provided or published 
Fallback SOFR; or 
(c)
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date has not occurred with respect to Fallback SOFR, (ii) neither the 
administrator of SOFR nor any authorised distributor has provided or published Fallback 
SOFR for the day in respect of which it is required, and (iii) there is no last provided or 
published Fallback SOFR, the last provided or published SOFR; or 
(d)
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) Fallback SOFR has not been published or 
provided before the end of the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day following 
the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date with respect to SOFR, or (ii) an 
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date has occurred with respect to Fallback 
SOFR, the Overnight Bank Funding Rate (known as "OBFR)" administered by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor administrator. 
"Compounded Daily SONIA Recommended Fallback Rate" means:  
(a)
the rate (if any) recommended as the replacement for SONIA by (i) the administrator of 
SONIA if the administrator of SONIA is a national central bank, or (ii) if the national

--- Page 270 ---
General Conditions 
257 
central bank administrator of SONIA does not make a recommendation or the 
administrator of SONIA is not a national central bank, a committee designated for such 
purpose by one or both of the Financial Conduct Authority (or any successor thereto) 
and the Bank of England ("Fallback SONIA"); or 
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date has not occurred with respect to Fallback SONIA, and (ii) neither the 
administrator of SONIA nor any authorised distributor has provided or published 
Fallback SONIA for the day in respect of which it is required, the last provided or 
published Fallback SONIA; or 
(c)
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date has not occurred with respect to Fallback SONIA, (ii) neither the 
administrator of SONIA nor any authorised distributor has provided or published 
Fallback SONIA for the day in respect of which it is required, and (iii) there is no last 
provided or published Fallback SONIA, the last provided or published SONIA; or 
(d)
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) Fallback SONIA has not been published or 
provided before the end of the first London Banking Day following the Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date with respect to SONIA, or (ii) an Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date has occurred with respect to Fallback 
SONIA, the last provided official bank rate as determined by the Monetary Policy 
Committee of the Bank of England and published by the Bank of England. 
"Compounded Daily TONA Recommended Fallback Rate" means: 
(a)
means the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended as the 
replacement for TONA by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of 
Japan for the purpose of recommending a replacement for TONA (which rate may be 
produced by the Bank of Japan or another administrator) and as provided by the 
administrator of that rate or, if that rate is not provided by the administrator thereof (or a 
successor administrator), published by an authorised distributor ("Fallback TONA"); or 
(b)
if there is Fallback TONA before the end of the first Tokyo Banking Day following the 
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date but neither the administrator nor 
authorised distributors provide or publish the Fallback TONA, then, subject to the below, 
in respect of any day for which the Fallback TONA is required, references to the Fallback 
TONA will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published Fallback TONA. 
However, if there is no last provided or published Fallback TONA, then in respect of any 
day for which the Fallback TONA is required, references to Fallback TONA will be 
deemed to be references to the last provided or published TONA; or 
(c)
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) there is no Fallback TONA before the end of 
the first Tokyo Banking Day following the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective 
Date; or (ii) there is Fallback TONA and an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective 
Date subsequently occurs with respect to Fallback TONA, then the rate for a TONA 
Fixing Day occurring on or after Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date or a 
Fallback TONA Fixing Day occurring on or after the Index Cessation Effective Date 
with respect to Fallback TONA will be a commercially reasonable alternative for TONA 
or Fallback TONA (as applicable) determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into 
account any rate implemented by central counterparties and/or futures exchanges, in each 
case with trading volumes in derivatives or futures referencing TONA or Fallback TONA 
(as applicable) that the Calculation Agent considers sufficient for that rate to be a 
representative alternative rate, 
where "Fallback TONA Fixing Day" means, in respect of Fallback TONA and a Tokyo 
Banking Day "i", the publication day specified by the administrator of Fallback TONA for 
Fallback TONA in its benchmark methodology. 
"Compounded Index" means the SONIA Compounded Index, the SOFR Compounded Index, 
or any other rate which the Calculation Agent determines to be a Compounded Index.

--- Page 271 ---
General Conditions 
258 
"Compounded RFR" means each of Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, 
Compounded Daily TONA, Compounded Daily €STR, or any other rate which the Calculation 
Agent determines to be a Compounded RFR. 
"Conditions" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Coupon Amount" means an amount determined in accordance with, in the case of Notes, 
General Condition 4.3 (Reference Asset Linked Coupon Notes) or in the case of Certificates, 
General Condition 8 (Certificate Coupon). 
"Coupon Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, the Coupon Commencement Date may 
be specified to occur prior to the Issue Date; in such case, the accrual of interest on the Securities 
shall be conditional on the issuance of the Securities. 
"Coupon Payment Date(s)" means: 
(a)
each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that if no Coupon 
Payment Date(s) are specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "Coupon Payment Date(s)" 
shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the 
relevant Issue Terms as the Specified Coupon Period after the preceding Coupon 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Coupon Payment Date, after the Issue Date; or 
(b)
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the relevant Issue Terms, each date set forth in 
the Coupon Payment Table in the column entitled "Coupon Payment Date(s)", 
provided that: 
(i)
a Coupon Payment Date shall be deemed to be an "Interest Payment Date" for the 
purposes of applying the General Conditions to any Reference Asset Linked Coupon 
Note;  
(ii)
where (A) "In Fine Coupon", "In Fine Memory Coupon", "Daily Coupon" or "Daily 
Coupon 2" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and (B) "Early 
Redemption" or "Daily Observation Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that an Early Redemption 
Event has occurred on an Early Redemption Valuation Date or that a Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Event has occurred (as applicable), the Early Redemption Date in 
respect of such Early Redemption Event or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date 
in respect of such Daily Observation Early Redemption Event (as applicable) shall be 
the Coupon Payment Date (and there shall be no further Coupon Payment Dates);  
(iii)
subject to paragraph (ii) above, where "Early Redemption" or "Daily Observation Early 
Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Early Redemption Event has occurred on an Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or that a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred (as 
applicable), the Coupon Payment Date falling or scheduled to fall on (or, if none, the 
Coupon Payment Date immediately preceding) the relevant Early Redemption Date in 
respect of such Early Redemption Event or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date 
in respect of such Daily Observation Early Redemption Event (as applicable) shall be 
the final Coupon Payment Date (and there shall be no further Coupon Payment Dates);  
(iv)
where "Call Option" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Issuer 
exercises its rights (in the case of Notes) under General Condition 5.1 (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer) or (in the case of Certificates) under General Condition 9.1 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) to redeem the Securities on an Optional 
Redemption Date, there shall be no Coupon Payment Date subsequent to such Optional 
Redemption Date; and  
(v)
in the case of Floating Rate Coupon Certificates, each Floating Rate Coupon Payment 
Date.

--- Page 272 ---
General Conditions 
259 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Period" means: 
(a)
the period from, and including (or in the case of Swedish Certificates, but excluding), 
the Coupon Commencement Date to, but excluding (or in the case of Swedish 
Certificates, and including), the first Coupon Period End Date and each successive period 
from, and including (or in the case of Swedish Certificates, but excluding) a Coupon 
Period End Date and ending on, but excluding (or in the case of Swedish Certificates, 
and including) the next succeeding Coupon Period End Date; or  
(b)
each period specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Coupon Period End Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
or, if none is so specified, each Coupon Payment Date.  
"Coupon Valuation Date" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions. 
"Coupon Value" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of 
each Coupon Payment Date or, if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the relevant Issue Terms, 
with respect to each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Coupon Payment Table in the 
column entitled "Coupon Payment Date(s)", the amount set forth in the Coupon Payment Table 
in the column entitled "Coupon Value" in the row corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date. 
"Credit Index" and "Credit Indices" mean the index or indices specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms, and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Credit Linked Provisions" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Credit Linked Securities" means any Securities in respect of which the "Credit Linked 
Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"CREST CDI Securities" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(viii) (CREST 
CDI Securities). 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Date" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions. 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Event" has the meaning given in the Payout 
Conditions. 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period" has the meaning given in the 
Payout Conditions. 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date" has the meaning given in the Payout 
Conditions. 
"Danish Notes" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(iii) (Danish Notes). 
"Danish Programme Agent" means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), or any 
successor or additional agent appointed in connection with the relevant Danish Notes in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement. 
"Danish Record Date" means, in respect of Danish Notes, the record date as set out in the 
applicable Danish rules regarding dematerialised securities issued through the VP. 
"Danish Registrar" means the VP. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms and: 
(a)
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means:

--- Page 273 ---
General Conditions 
260 
(i)
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(ii)
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (a) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods 
normally ending in any year; and  
(B)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods normally 
ending in any year; 
(b)
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c)
"Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d)
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(e)
if "30/360" "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1) + (D2 −D1)]
360
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(f)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1) + (D2 −D1)]
360

--- Page 274 ---
General Conditions 
261 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(g)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1) + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)]
360
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
"Dealer" means any dealer specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Deed of Covenant" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Deed Poll" has the meaning given in General Condition 27.2 (Means of Substitution (Securities 
other than German Securities and French Securities)). 
"Delivery Agent" means J.P. Morgan Securities plc or any successor thereof (or such other 
Delivery Agent as may be appointed from time to time and as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms). 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given in General Condition 14.3 (Delivery of Reference Asset 
Amount).

--- Page 275 ---
General Conditions 
262 
"Delivery Expenses" means all expenses, including any applicable depository charges, 
transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other taxes or duties, 
that arise from the delivery and/or transfer of any Reference Asset Amount(s). 
"Disruption Cash Settlement Price" means such amount as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, or, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Fair Market Value of Security", an amount equal 
to the fair market value of the relevant Security (but not taking into account any interest accrued 
on any Security) on such day as shall be selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion 
adjusted to take account fully for any losses, expenses and costs to the Issuer and/or any affiliate 
of the Issuer of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or related hedging arrangements 
(including but not limited to any options or selling or otherwise realising any relevant Share or 
other instruments or assets of any type whatsoever which the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates 
may hold as part of such hedging arrangements), all as calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
"Early Payment Amount" means,  
(a)
for the purposes only of General Condition 15.2 (Consequences of an Event of Default), 
as defined therein; and 
(b)
for all other purposes, unless otherwise specified in the Conditions, where: 
(i)
"Early Payment Amount 1" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, Early Payment Amount 1;  
(ii)
"Early Payment Amount 2" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, Early Payment Amount 2; 
(iii)
"Early Payment Amount 3" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, Early Payment Amount 3; or 
(iv)
(in respect of Linear Zero Coupon Notes) "Early Payment Amount 3 plus Unpaid 
Implied Yield" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, Early 
Payment Amount 3 plus Unpaid Implied Yield. 
"Early Payment Amount 1" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
second Business Day immediately preceding the due date for the early redemption or settlement 
of the Securities, representing the fair market value of such Securities, determined using its 
internal models and methodologies by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent may 
consider to be appropriate including, without limitation:  
(a)
market prices or values for the underlying(s) and other relevant economic variables (such 
as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time taking into account 
the bid or offer prices of the underlying(s) (as relevant); 
(b)
the remaining term of the Securities had they remained outstanding to scheduled maturity 
or expiry and/or any scheduled early redemption; 
(c)
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption or cancellation amount which 
would have been payable had the Securities remained outstanding to scheduled maturity 
or expiry and/or any scheduled early redemption or exercise date;  
(d)
if applicable, accrued interest;  
(e)
internal pricing models;  
(f)
prices at which other market participants might bid for securities similar to the Securities; 
and 
(g)
any other information which the Calculation Agent considers to be relevant (but ignoring 
the event which resulted in such early redemption).

--- Page 276 ---
General Conditions 
263 
"Early Payment Amount 2" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
second Business Day immediately preceding the due date for the early redemption or settlement 
of the Securities, representing the fair market value of such Securities, determined using its 
internal models and methodologies by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent may 
consider to be appropriate including, without limitation:  
(a)
market prices or values for the underlying(s) and other relevant economic variables (such 
as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time taking into account 
the bid or offer prices of the underlying(s) (as relevant); 
(b)
the remaining term of the Securities had they remained outstanding to scheduled maturity 
or expiry and/or any scheduled early redemption; 
(c)
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption or cancellation amount which 
would have been payable had the Securities remained outstanding to scheduled maturity 
or expiry and/or any scheduled early redemption or exercise date;  
(d)
if applicable, accrued interest;  
(e)
internal pricing models;  
(f)
prices at which other market participants might bid for securities similar to the Securities; 
and 
(g)
any other information which the Calculation Agent considers to be relevant (but ignoring 
the event which resulted in such early redemption),  
provided that such amount shall be adjusted to account for all costs incurred by the Issuer and/or 
the Hedging Entity in connection with such early redemption or settlement, including, without 
limitation, any costs to the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity associated with unwinding any 
funding relating to the Securities, any costs associated with unwinding any related Underlying 
Hedge Transactions, and all other expenses related thereto, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Early Payment Amount 3" means an amount equal to the outstanding nominal amount of the 
relevant Security, including, if applicable, any accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption or settlement of the Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Early Payment Amount 3 plus Unpaid Implied Yield" means the sum of (i) an amount equal 
to the outstanding nominal amount of the relevant Security, including, if applicable, any accrued 
interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption or settlement of the Securities, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent plus (ii) Unpaid Implied Yield. 
"Early Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions. 
"Early Redemption Date" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions. 
"Early Redemption Event" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions. 
"Early Redemption Valuation Date" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions. 
"EC Treaty" means the Consolidated Version of the Treaty on European Union 2012 C326. 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Rate of Interest or Floating Rate Coupon (as 
applicable) to be determined on an Interest Determination Date or Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date (as applicable), the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the first day of the Interest Period or Floating Rate Coupon Period (as 
applicable) to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
"Equity Certification" means, in respect of Physical Settlement and a Reference Asset Transfer 
Notice, certain representations with respect to Shares as set out in the form of the Reference

--- Page 277 ---
General Conditions 
264 
Asset Transfer Notice set out in the Agency Agreement (and which may be obtained during 
normal business hours from the specified office of the Relevant Programme Agent). 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Community 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 
of the Treaty. 
"EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
"EURIBOR" means the Euro Interbank Offered Rate. 
"euro", "EUR" and "€" means the lawful single currency of the member states of the European 
Union that have adopted and continue to retain a common single currency through monetary 
union in accordance with European Union treaty law (as amended from time to time). 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV or any successor or replacement thereto. 
"Euroclear Finland" means Euroclear Finland Oy, the Finnish Central Securities Depository 
or any successor or replacement thereto. 
"Euroclear Finland register day" has the meaning given in General Condition 6.2(d) 
(Payments in respect of Finnish Notes) in respect of Finnish Notes and the meaning given in 
General Condition 11.3(j)(v) (Record Date) in respect of Finnish Warrants. 
"Euroclear Finland Rules" means Finnish laws, regulations, decisions and operating 
procedures from time to time applicable to the Finnish Securities and/or issued by Euroclear 
Finland. 
"Euroclear France" means Euroclear France S.A. or any successor or replacement thereto. 
"Euroclear France Account Holder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold, directly or indirectly, accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, 
and includes Euroclear and the depository bank for Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
"Euroclear Sweden" means Euroclear Sweden AB or any successor or replacement thereto. 
"European Style" has the meaning given in General Condition 11.1(a) (Exercise Style and 
Period). 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended. 
"Event of Default" has the meaning given in General Condition 15.1 (Occurrence of Event of 
Default). 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Security, the day falling after the 
expiry of 40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Security, a day 
falling not less than 60 days, or in the case of failure to pay principal, the redemption amount or 
settlement amount in respect of any Securities when due, 30 days, after the day on which the 
notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which 
the specified office of the Relevant Programme Agent is located and in the city in which the 
Relevant Clearing System is located. 
"Exercise Amount" means, in the case of Warrants for which Issuer Physical Settlement is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the amount payable by the intended 
recipient of the Issuer Physical Settlement Amount upon exercise of such Warrants, as specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Exercise Date" means the day during the Exercise Period on which a Security is, or is deemed 
to be, exercised in accordance with the General Conditions.

--- Page 278 ---
General Conditions 
265 
"Exercise Notice" means: 
(a)
in respect of Warrants other than Warrants which are German Securities, a notice 
(substantially in the form provided by the Relevant Programme Agent), with any such 
amendments as the Issuer may specify, and which shall: 
(i)
specify the number of Warrants of each Series or Tranche being exercised and, if 
applicable, attach the Warrants in definitive form being exercised; 
(ii)
specify the number of the Holder's account at the Relevant Clearing System(s) (if 
applicable) to be debited with the Warrants being exercised; 
(iii)
irrevocably instruct the Relevant Clearing System(s), or the Relevant Programme 
Agent in the case of Warrants in definitive form or Finnish Warrants, Norwegian 
Warrants and Swedish Warrants, as applicable, to debit on or before the 
Settlement Date the account of the relevant Holder with the Warrants being 
exercised and to credit the account of the Relevant Programme Agent; 
(iv)
if the Warrants are to be, or may be, settled by Issuer Physical Settlement, include 
an irrevocable undertaking to pay the Exercise Amount on or prior to the relevant 
Settlement Date; 
(b)
in respect of Warrants which are German Securities, a notice pursuant to General 
Condition 26.8 (Notices by Holders of German Securities) which also meets the 
requirements of paragraph (a)(iv) above. 
"Exercise Period" means, in respect of: 
(a)
Securities designated in the relevant Issue Terms as "American Style", in respect of (i) 
Securities to which the Share Linked Provisions, the Index Linked Provisions and/or the 
Fund Linked Provisions apply, all Scheduled Trading Days from, and including, the 
Issue Date to, and including, the Expiration Date, and (ii) all other Securities, the period 
from, and including, the Issue Date and to, and including, the Expiration Date; 
(b)
Securities designated in the relevant Issue Terms as "European Style", the Expiration 
Date; and 
(c)
Securities designated in the relevant Issue Terms as "Bermudan Style", each Potential 
Exercise Date and the Expiration Date, 
in each case, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Expenses" means all expenses, costs, charges, levies, tax, duties, withholding, deductions or 
other payments including without limitation, all depository, custodial, registration, transaction 
and exercise charges and all stamp, issues, registration or, securities transfer or other similar 
taxes or duties incurred by the Issuer and/or a Hedging Entity in respect of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities. 
"Expiration Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that 
if "Expiration Date subject to Valuation Date adjustment" is stated to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, then the provisions of the Reference Asset Linked Conditions specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms shall apply to the Expiration Date as if such date 
were a Valuation Date (as defined in the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions). 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held 
in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the principal 
amount (in the case of Notes) or number outstanding held (in the case of Warrants or 
Certificates) of the Securities represented and voting at such meeting. A resolution in writing 
signed or electronically approved using the systems and procedures in place from time to time 
of a Relevant Clearing System by or on behalf of 75 per cent. or more of Holders of Securities, 
by reference to the aggregate principal amount at the time outstanding (in the case of Notes) or 
the number of Securities outstanding (in the case of Warrants and Certificates), who for the time

--- Page 279 ---
General Conditions 
266 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting shall for all purposes be as valid and effective 
as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of the Holders of the Securities. Such 
resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the relevant Holders of Securities or may be in 
the form of SWIFT or other electronic instructions as permitted by the rules and procedures of 
the Relevant Clearing System, and in each case the date of such resolution shall be the date that 
such 75 per cent. majority is reached. 
"FATCA" means (a) Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code or any associated regulations or other 
official guidance; (b) any treaty, law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any other 
jurisdiction, or relating to an intergovernmental agreement between the U.S. and any other 
jurisdiction, which (in either case) facilitates the implementation of clause (a) above; or (c) any 
agreement pursuant to the implementation of clauses (a) or (b) above with a taxing authority in 
any jurisdiction. 
"FDIC" has the meaning given in General Condition 3.1(c) (Status of the Guarantees). 
"Final Redemption Amount" means: 
(a)
if "Minimum Redemption Amount (Notes)" is not specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the Payout Conditions; or 
(b)
if "Minimum Redemption Amount (Notes)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the greater of (i) the Security Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the Payout Conditions and (ii) the Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Notes), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Final Terms" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Finnish Certificates" means any Certificates which are specified to be Finnish Securities in 
the relevant Issue Terms. Finnish Certificates will be registered as notes or warrants in the 
Finnish Register pursuant to the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
"Finnish Notes" means any Notes which are specified to be Finnish Securities in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Finnish Programme Agent" means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), or any 
successor or additional agent appointed in connection with the relevant Finnish Securities in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement. 
"Finnish Record Date" has the meaning given in General Condition 6.2(d) (Payments in 
respect of Finnish Notes) in respect of Finnish Notes and the meaning given in General 
Condition 11.3(j)(v) (Record Date) in respect of Finnish Warrants. 
"Finnish Register" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.2(d) (Title to Finnish 
Securities). 
"Finnish Registrar" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(iv)(Finnish Securities). 
"Finnish Securities" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(iv) (Finnish Securities) 
and means Finnish Notes, Finnish Warrants and/or Finnish Certificates as the context may 
require. 
"Finnish Warrants" means any Warrants which are specified to be Finnish Securities in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in 
respect of an Interest Payment Date. 
"Fixed Rate Coupon" means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the rate specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 280 ---
General Conditions 
267 
"Fixed Rate Coupon Certificates" means any Certificates in respect of which the "Fixed Rate 
Coupon Certificate Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Fixed Rate Notes" means any Notes in respect of which "Fixed Rate Accrual Provisions", 
"Fixed Coupon Amount Provisions" or, in respect of Notes which are Credit Linked Securities, 
"Fixed Rate Note Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms in 
respect of each Interest Period for which such provisions apply. 
"Floating Rate Coupon" means, in respect of Floating Rate Coupon Certificates, the rate of 
interest that is calculated in accordance with Condition 8.2(b) (Determination of Floating Rate 
Coupon) or, in the circumstance where Condition 8.2(c) (Consequences of an Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event) applies pursuant to the 
Reference Asset Linked Coupon Provisions, the relevant Contingent Floating Rate. 
"Floating Rate Coupon Certificates" means any Certificates in respect of which the 
"Certificate Floating Rate Coupon Provisions" are expressed to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Floating Rate Coupon Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as 
may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, the Floating Rate 
Coupon Commencement Date may be specified to occur prior to the Issue Date; in such case, 
the accrual of interest on the Securities shall be conditional on the issuance of the Securities. 
"Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date" means, with respect to a Floating Rate Coupon 
and a Floating Rate Coupon Period, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(a)
subject where any of (b), (c) or (d) below applies: 
(i)
the first day of such Floating Rate Coupon Period if the Specified Currency is 
Sterling; 
(ii)
the day falling two TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the first day of such 
Floating Rate Coupon Period if the Specified Currency is euro; 
(iii)
the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to 
the first day of such Floating Rate Coupon Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor euro; 
(b)
where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the date on which 
the applicable rate is determined in accordance with the applicable Floating Rate Option 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c)
where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and: 
(i)
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination) is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the fifth day on which commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London prior to the Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date 
in respect of each Floating Rate Coupon Period, or  
(ii)
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index Determination) is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date in 
respect of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period; 
(d)
where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and: 
(i)
Index Determination is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Date in respect of each Floating Rate Coupon Period; or

--- Page 281 ---
General Conditions 
268 
(ii)
Index Determination is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date in respect of each Floating 
Rate Coupon Period;  
(e)
where TONA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "p" 
Business Days prior to the Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date of the relevant 
Floating Rate Coupon Period; or 
(f)
where €STR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "p" 
TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date in 
respect of each Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
"Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, and if such date is not a Business Day, such date shall be adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention, provided that:  
(i)
where "Early Redemption" or "Daily Observation Early Redemption" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that an Early 
Redemption Event has occurred on an Early Redemption Valuation Date or that a Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred (as applicable), the Floating Rate 
Coupon Payment Date falling or scheduled to fall on (or, if none, the Floating Rate 
Coupon Payment Date immediately preceding) the relevant Early Redemption Date in 
respect of such Early Redemption Event or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date 
in respect of such Daily Observation Early Redemption Event (as applicable) shall be 
the final Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date (and there shall be no further Floating Rate 
Coupon Payment Dates); or  
(ii)
where "Call Option" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Issuer 
exercises its rights (in the case of Notes) under General Condition 5.1 (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer) or (in the case of Certificates) under General Condition 9.1 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) to redeem the Securities on an Optional 
Redemption Date, there shall be no Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date subsequent to 
such Optional Redemption Date. 
"Floating Rate Coupon Period" means the period from, and including (or in the case of 
Swedish Certificates, but excluding), the Floating Rate Coupon Commencement Date to, but 
excluding (or in the case of Swedish Certificates, and including), the first Floating Rate Coupon 
Period End Date and each successive period from, and including (or in the case of Swedish 
Certificates, but excluding) a Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date to, but excluding (or in the 
case of Swedish Certificates, and including) the next succeeding Floating Rate Coupon Period 
End Date and if the relevant Issue Terms specify that the Floating Rate Coupon Periods, or 
particular Floating Rate Coupon Periods shall be (a) "Adjusted", then each Floating Rate 
Coupon Period shall commence on or end on, as the case may be, the relevant Floating Rate 
Coupon Payment Date after all applicable adjustments to such Floating Rate Coupon Payment 
Date pursuant to the Conditions, or (b) "Unadjusted", then each Floating Rate Coupon Period 
shall commence on or end on, as the case may be, the date on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Coupon Payment Date is scheduled to fall, disregarding all applicable adjustments to such 
Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date pursuant to the Conditions. 
"Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, each Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date (provided that, 
in the case of SONIA Floating Rate Determination, SOFR Floating Rate Determination, TONA 
Floating Rate Determination, €STR Floating Rate Determination or any other Compounded 
RFR or Compounded Index, in the event that the Securities are redeemed early other than on a 
scheduled date for redemption (and on a date that would otherwise not be a Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Date), the final Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date shall be the final 
payment date under the Securities).

--- Page 282 ---
General Conditions 
269 
"Floating Rate Notes" means any Notes in respect of which the "Floating Rate Note Provisions" 
are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of each Interest Period for 
which such provisions apply. 
"French Bearer Securities" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(a)(ii) (French 
Bearer Securities). 
"French Certificates" means any Certificates which are specified to be French Bearer 
Securities (au porteur) or French Registered Securities in a registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif), as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"French Notes" means any Notes which are specified to be French Bearer Securities (au 
porteur) or French Registered Securities in a registered dematerialised form (au nominatif), as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"French Programme Agent" means BNP Paribas S.A., or any successor or additional agent 
appointed in connection with the relevant French Securities in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement. 
"French Registered Securities" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(ii)(French 
Registered Securities). 
"French Registration Agent" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(ii) (French 
Registered Securities). 
"French Securities" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(ii) (French Registered 
Securities). 
"French Warrants" means any Warrants which are specified to be French Securities in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Fund" and "Funds" have the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions. 
"Fund Linked Provisions" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Fund Linked Securities" means any Securities in respect of which the "Fund Linked 
Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"FX Linked Provisions" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"FX Linked Securities" means any Securities in respect of which the "FX Linked Provisions" 
are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"General Conditions" means these General Conditions. 
"General Meeting" has the meaning given in General Condition 23.3 (Meetings of Holders of 
French Notes (Masse)). 
"German Programme Agent" means BNP Paribas S.A. Germany Branch or any successor or 
additional agent appointed in connection with the relevant German Securities in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement. 
"German Securities" means Bearer Securities which are governed by German law. 
"Global Bearer Note" means a Bearer Note in global form. 
"Global Certificates" means Certificates in global form. 
"Global Notes" means Notes in global form. 
"Global Security" means a Security in global form representing interests in Securities, and 
"Global Securities" shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 283 ---
General Conditions 
270 
"Global Warrants" means Warrants in global form. 
"Guarantee" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction).  
"Guarantor" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Hedging Entity" means each of the Issuer and any affiliate(s) of the Issuer and any entity (or 
entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer engaged in any underlying or hedging transactions 
relating to the Securities and/or Reference Assets in respect of the Issuer's obligations under the 
Securities. 
"Holder" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.2 (Title). 
"Implied Yield" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Index Cessation/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Securities and a Reference Rate 
(each, the "Applicable Rate"), the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, of one or more of the following events: 
(a)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Applicable Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Applicable 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Applicable Rate; 
(b)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Applicable Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Applicable 
Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Applicable 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Applicable 
Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Applicable Rate, which states that the administrator of the 
Applicable Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the Applicable Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Applicable Rate; or 
(c)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of such Applicable Rate announcing that the regulatory supervisor has 
determined that such Applicable Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date will 
no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such 
Applicable Rate is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored. 
"Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current relevant Applicable Rate: 
(a)
in the case of paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "Index Cessation/Benchmark 
Event", the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of the Applicable Rate 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Applicable Rate; or 
(b)
in the case of paragraph (c) of the definition of "Index Cessation/Benchmark Event", the 
later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (ii) the date on which the Applicable Rate ceases to be representative by 
reference to the most recent public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein or, if earlier, the date the Applicable Rate is no longer provided. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the relevant time in respect of any 
determination, the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the relevant time for such determination. 
"Index Linked Provisions" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction).

--- Page 284 ---
General Conditions 
271 
"Index Linked Securities" means any Securities in respect of which the "Index Linked 
Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Instalment Amount" means: 
(a)
where the "Credit Linked Provisions" are not specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, each amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
(b)
where the "Credit Linked Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, each amount specified as such in the Credit Linked Provisions. 
"Instalment Date" means: 
(a)
where the "Credit Linked Provisions" are not specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
(b)
where the "Credit Linked Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, each date specified as such in the Credit Linked Provisions. 
"Interest Amount" for a period or an Interest Payment Date, means in respect of: (a) Fixed 
Rate Notes other than Credit Linked Securities, (i) in respect of which the Fixed Rate Accrual 
Provisions are applicable, the amount determined in accordance with General Condition 4.1(a) 
(Fixed Rate Accrual) and (ii) in respect of which the Fixed Coupon Amounts are applicable, the 
Fixed Coupon Amount determined in accordance with General Condition 4.1(b) (Fixed Coupon 
Amount), (b) Credit Linked Securities that are Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes, the 
amount of interest payable for such period or on the Interest Payment Date determined in 
accordance with Credit Linked Provision 1.6 (Interest Provisions in respect of a Single Name 
CLN), Credit Linked Provision 2.2 (Interest Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Untranched 
CLN) or Credit Linked Provision 3.2 (Interest Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Tranched 
CLN) (as applicable), (c) Floating Rate Notes other than Credit Linked Securities, the amount 
of interest payable for such period or on the Interest Payment Date determined in accordance 
with General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and (d) Reference Asset Linked 
Coupon Notes, the Coupon Amount as defined in General Condition 4.3 (Reference Asset 
Linked Coupon Notes). 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that, in the case of Rate Linked Securities only, where 
Variable Linked Interest Period is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Variable Linked Interest Commencement Date (as defined in the Rate Linked Provisions). For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Interest Commencement Date may be specified to occur prior to the 
Issue Date; in such case, the accrual of interest on the Notes shall be conditional on the issuance 
of the Notes. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period, 
unless otherwise provided in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(a)
subject where any of (b), (c) or (d) below applies: 
(i)
the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling; 
(ii)
the day falling two TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period if the Specified Currency is euro; 
(iii)
the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling 
nor euro; 
(b)
in case of ISDA Determination the date on which the applicable rate is determined in 
accordance with the applicable Floating Rate Option as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(c)
where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and:

--- Page 285 ---
General Conditions 
272 
(i)
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination) is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the fifth day on which commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London prior to the Interest Period End Date in respect of 
each Interest Period, or 
(ii)
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index Determination) is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Period End Date in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period; 
(d)
where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and  
(i)
Index Determination is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Period 
End Date in respect of each Interest Period; or 
(ii)
Index Determination is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the Interest Period End Date in respect of each Interest Period; 
(e)
where TONA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "p" 
Business Days prior to the Interest Period End Date of the relevant Interest Period; or 
(f)
where €STR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "p" 
TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the Interest Period End Date in respect of each 
Interest Period. 
"Interest Payment Date" means (a) except in respect of the Rate Linked Provisions, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) in respect of the Rate Linked Provisions 
only, each Coupon Payment Date or such other date specified as such in respect of the Rate 
Linked Provisions in the relevant Issue Terms (in each case, which date shall be adjusted in 
accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention if so specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms), provided that:  
(i)
where "Early Redemption" or "Daily Observation Early Redemption" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that an Early 
Redemption Event has occurred on an Early Redemption Valuation Date or that a Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred (as applicable), the Interest Payment 
Date falling or scheduled to fall on (or, if none, the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding) the relevant Early Redemption Date in respect of such Early Redemption 
Event or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date in respect of such Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Event (as applicable) shall be the final Interest Payment Date (and 
there shall be no further Interest Payment Dates), or  
(ii)
where "Call Option" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Issuer 
exercises its rights (in the case of Notes) under General Condition 5.1 (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer) or (in the case of Certificates) under General Condition 9.1 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) to redeem the Securities on an Optional 
Redemption Date, there shall be no Interest Payment Date subsequent to such Optional 
Redemption Date. 
"Interest Period" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the period 
from, and including (or in the case of Swedish Notes, but excluding), the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding (or in the case of Swedish Notes, and including) the first 
Interest Period End Date and each successive period from, and including (or in the case of 
Swedish Notes, but excluding), an Interest Period End Date to, but excluding (or in the case of 
Swedish Notes, and including), the next succeeding Interest Period End Date.  
"Interest Period End Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, 
if none is so specified, each Interest Payment Date and if the relevant Issue Terms specify, in 
respect of such Interest Period End Date: (a) "Adjusted", such Interest Period End Date shall be

--- Page 286 ---
General Conditions 
273 
adjusted in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention if so specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms; or (b) "Unadjusted", such Interest Period End Date shall not be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention (provided that, in the case of 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination, SOFR Floating Rate Determination, TONA Floating Rate 
Determination, €STR Floating Rate Determination or any other Compounded RFR or 
Compounded Index, in the event that the Securities are redeemed early other than on a scheduled 
date for redemption (and on a date that would otherwise not be an Interest Period End Date), the 
final Interest Period End Date shall be the final payment date under the Securities). 
"Intermediated Securities" means Swiss Securities which are either issued in uncertificated 
form as uncertificated securities (einfache Wertrechte) pursuant to article 973c of the Swiss 
Code of Obligations (Obligationenrecht) or represented by a Global Security that is deposited 
with SIX SIS and entered into the securities accounts of one or more participants of SIX SIS, 
therefore, constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) within the meaning of the Swiss 
Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). 
"Intervening Period" has the meaning given in General Condition 14.5 (Settlement Disruption 
Event). 
"Investor Letter of Representations" means a letter in the form provided by the relevant dealer 
entered into with the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the relevant Guarantor, the relevant 
arranger and the relevant dealer in relation to the purchase of CREST CDI Securities, in each 
case for the benefit of the Dealer, the relevant arranger (if any), the Issuer and (if applicable) 
the Guarantor (together with their respective affiliates and control persons). 
"ISDA Definitions" means (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any successor thereto ("ISDA"), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Securities (the "2006 Definitions"), or (ii) if "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, and the latest version of each Matrix (as defined therein), 
published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Securities (the "2021 
Definitions"). 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions on or after the occurrence of an Index Cessation Effective Date (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) (which definition is substantively the same as "Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date") with respect to a Discontinued Reference Rate 
(or, where the Discontinued Reference Rate is a Compounded RFR, with respect to the RFR 
referenced in such Compounded RFR) for the applicable tenor, where applicable. 
"ISDA Rate" has the meaning given in (a) General Condition 4.2(b)(i) (ISDA Determination 
for Rate of Interest) in respect of Floating Rate Notes and (b) General Condition 8.2(b)(i) (ISDA 
Determination for Floating Rate Coupon) for Floating Rate Coupon Certificates. 
"Issue Date" means the date on which the relevant Securities are issued, as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Issue Price" means the price specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Issue Terms" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Issuer Physical Settlement" means the delivery of the Issuer Physical Settlement Amount by 
the Issuer to the Holder against payment by the Holder of the Exercise Amount to the Issuer as 
provided in General Condition 11.3(d) (Issuer Physical Settlement). 
"Issuer Physical Settlement Amount" means one Share or such other number of Shares as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Italian Certificates" means any Certificates specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and 
for which it is intended to seek the admission to trading on the multilateral trading facility of 
securitised derivatives financial instruments SeDeX organised and managed by Borsa Italiana

--- Page 287 ---
General Conditions 
274 
S.p.A. ("SeDeX (MTF)") or the multilateral trading facility EuroTLX ("EuroTLX") organised 
and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A (each, an "Italian MTF"), as the case may be. 
"Joint Representative" has the meaning given in General Condition 23.1(e)(v). 
"JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"JPMCFC" means JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC. 
"JPMCFC Guarantor" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"JPMSP" means J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. 
"JPMSP Guarantor" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Latest Exercise Time" means in each case the Exercise Notice shall be delivered: 
(a)
in the case of "American Style" Warrants, not later than 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on any 
Scheduled Trading Day during the relevant Exercise Period; 
(b)
in the case of "Bermudan Style" Warrants, not later than 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on any 
Potential Exercise Date during the relevant Exercise Period; or 
(c)
in the case of "European Style" Warrants, not later than 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the 
Expiration Date. 
"Linear Zero Coupon Notes" means any Notes in respect of which the "Linear Zero Coupon 
Note Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Local Time" means the local time in the city of the Relevant Clearing System(s). 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any calendar day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) 
on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
"Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Masse" has the meaning given in General Condition 23.3 (Meetings of Holders of French Notes 
(Masse)). 
"Material Methodology Change Event" has the meaning given in the definition of 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" above. 
"Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, and such date 
may be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Maximum Exercise Number" means the maximum number of Securities which may be 
exercised on any Exercise Date as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Maximum Floating Rate Coupon" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Maximum Instalment Amount" means each amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Minimum Exercise Number" means the minimum number of Securities which may be 
exercised on any Exercise Date as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 288 ---
General Conditions 
275 
"Minimum Floating Rate Coupon" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Minimum Instalment Amount" means each amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" means the amount (if any) of any portion (or the entirety, 
as applicable) of the Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Security Redemption 
Amount (as applicable) payable by the Issuer on the Scheduled Product Repayment Date which 
is a known amount, and/or which amount may be determined with certainty, at the time of 
issuance of the Securities on the Issue Date, and which is payable on the Scheduled Product 
Repayment Date without being subject to any condition or dependent on the level, rate, price, 
value, net asset value or other measure of performance of one or more Reference Assets or on 
any other variable which is not known with certainty at the time of issuance of the Securities on 
the Issue Date (such amount, a "Determinable Amount"), provided that any amount, which 
prior to conversion to another currency at a foreign exchange rate, is a Determinable Amount, 
shall be deemed to be a Minimum Redemption Amount, after giving effect to the conversion 
into such other currency. The Minimum Redemption Amount is in relation to the payment of 
cash only (in any currency), and excludes any asset which may be physically delivered to the 
Holders. The Minimum Redemption Amount (save for any subsequent foreign exchange 
conversion of a Determinable Amount, as described in the first sentence hereof) will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent at the time of issuance of the Securities on the Issue Date, 
and shall be unaffected by any subsequent default, adjustment, postponement or other event in 
relation to the Securities or the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Securities which was 
not in effect and not known at the time of issuance of the Securities on the Issue Date (or in the 
case of any subsequent Tranche of a Series, the Issue Date of the original Tranche of that Series), 
save that any subsequent amendment to the Conditions pertaining to the Minimum Redemption 
Amount portion (if any) of the Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Security 
Redemption Amount (as applicable) will amend the "Minimum Redemption Amount" 
accordingly. For the avoidance of doubt, where "Minimum Redemption Amount (Notes)" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, such amount shall comprise the 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" save that if the "Minimum Redemption Amount" would 
otherwise comprise a greater amount than the "Minimum Redemption Amount (Notes)" such 
greater amount shall be deemed to be the "Minimum Redemption Amount". 
For such purpose, "Scheduled Product Repayment Date" means (i) in the case of Notes, the 
date specified as the Maturity Date in the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) in the case of 
Certificates, the date specified as the Redemption Date in the applicable Issue Terms, in each 
case without regard to (a) any other earlier date which may become the "Maturity Date" or the 
"Redemption Date" on the occurrence of a certain event as set out in the relevant definition and 
(b) any potential adjustment to such date for any reason under the Conditions. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount (Notes)" means the amount specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"National Currency Unit" means the unit of the currency of a country, as those units are 
defined on the date on which the country of the Original Currency first participates in European 
Economic and Monetary Union. 
"New York Law Notes" means any Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. which are specified 
as "New York Law Notes" in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Non-U.S. Certification" means a certification (substantially in the form provided by the 
Relevant Programme Agent) from the relevant Holder that, in the case of its Securities, such 
Securities are not being exercised or redeemed (as applicable) in the United States or by or on 
behalf of any U.S. Person, that the payment or delivery with respect to such Securities will not 
be made in the United States or to, or for the account of, a U.S. Person, that none of such 
Securities were purchased in the United States and that the Holder was not solicited to purchase 
such Securities in the United States.

--- Page 289 ---
General Conditions 
276 
"Norwegian Certificates" means any Certificates which are specified to be Norwegian 
Securities in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Norwegian Notes" means any Notes which are specified to be Norwegian Securities in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Norwegian Programme Agent" means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), or any 
successor or additional agent appointed in connection with the Norwegian Securities in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement. 
"Norwegian Record Date" has the meaning given in General Condition 6.2(e) (Payments in 
respect of Norwegian Notes). 
"Norwegian Registrar" means the VPS. 
"Norwegian Securities" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(v)(Norwegian 
Securities) and means Norwegian Notes, Norwegian Warrants and/or Norwegian Certificates as 
the context may require. 
"Norwegian Warrants" means any Warrants which are specified to be Norwegian Securities 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Notes" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Notional Amount" means the notional amount per Certificate specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Security, the amount specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, if an Optional Redemption Table is set out in the relevant Issue Terms, each date set forth in 
the Optional Redemption Table in the column entitled "Optional Redemption Date(s)". 
"Optional Redemption Table" means the table specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Original Currency" has the meaning given in FX Linked Provision 4 (Successor Currency). 
"Original Rate" has the meaning given in the Rate Linked Provisions. 
"Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service (including, but not limited to, Reuters Markets 3000), as may be specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms for the purpose of providing a Reference Rate, or such other page, section, caption, 
column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other information 
service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that 
Reference Rate. 
"Partial Distributions" has the meaning given in General Condition 13.2(b) (Obligation to pay 
postponed). 
"Paying Agent" means any agent appointed as such pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
"Payment Day" has the meaning given in General Condition 12.2 (Payments on Payment 
Days). 
"Payment Disruption Event" means any of the following: 
(a)
an event in relation to a Relevant Payment Jurisdiction which has the effect of preventing, 
restricting or delaying the Calculation Agent or Issuer from: 
(i)
converting a Relevant Currency into another Relevant Currency through 
customary legal channels; or

--- Page 290 ---
General Conditions 
277 
(ii)
converting a Relevant Currency into another Relevant Currency at a rate at least 
as favourable as the rate for domestic institutions located in the Relevant Payment 
Jurisdiction; or 
(iii)
delivering any Relevant Currency from accounts inside the Relevant Payment 
Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Relevant Payment Jurisdiction; or 
(iv)
delivering a Relevant Currency between accounts inside the Relevant Payment 
Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of the Relevant Payment 
Jurisdiction;  
(b)
the imposition by the Relevant Payment Jurisdiction (or any political or regulatory 
authority thereof) of any capital controls, or the publication of any notice of an intention 
to do so, which the Calculation Agent determines is likely to materially affect the 
Securities, and notice thereof is given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with 
General Condition 26 (Notices);  
(c)
the implementation by the Relevant Payment Jurisdiction (or any political or regulatory 
authority thereof) or the publication of any notice of an intention to implement any 
changes to the laws or regulations relating to foreign investment in the Relevant Payment 
Jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, changes in tax laws and/or laws relating to 
capital markets and corporate ownership), which the Calculation Agent determines are 
likely to affect materially the Issuer's ability to hedge its obligations under the Securities; 
(d)
an event as a result of which the Issuer is prohibited, unable, or otherwise fails to make 
any payment, or any portion thereof under the Securities, or to perform any other 
obligation under the Securities because or arising out of an act of war, insurrection or 
civil strife, an action by any government or governmental authority or instrumentality 
thereof (whether de jure or de facto), legal constraint, terrorism, riots or catastrophe; and 
(e)
it becomes impossible or commercially impracticable (or the Calculation Agent, acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that there is a 
substantial likelihood that it will become impossible or commercially impracticable) to 
make payment under the Securities through a Relevant Clearing System (including, 
without limitation, where a Relevant Clearing System withdraws (or announces its 
intention to withdraw) acceptance of the Specified Currency of the Securities for 
settlement and payment of interest and/or redemption under the Securities). 
"Payment Disruption Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Payment Event Payment Date, 
the second Business Day immediately preceding such Payment Event Payment Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Payment Event Cut-off Date" means the date which is one year after the Maturity Date, 
Redemption Date, Settlement Date or any other date which is the last date on which amounts 
under the Securities would be due and payable by the Issuer if not for the occurrence of a 
Payment Disruption Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Payment Event Payment Date" means, in respect of a Payment Event Cut-off Date, the tenth 
Business Day immediately following the Payment Event Cut-off Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Permanent Bearer Global Security" has the meaning given in General Condition 
1.1(c)(i)(Exchange of Bearer Securities other than French Bearer Securities and German 
Securities) or General Condition 1.1(c)(ii) (Exchange of German Securities), as the case may 
be. 
"Permanent Global Security" means a Permanent Bearer Global Security and/or a Permanent 
Registered Global Security. 
"Permanent Registered Global Security" means a Permanent Global Security in registered 
form.

--- Page 291 ---
General Conditions 
278 
"Permitted Transferee", for the purpose of General Condition 2.3(a) (U.S. Persons) has the 
meaning given in that General Condition. 
"Physical Settlement" means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, (a) for 
Warrants, Issuer Physical Settlement, (b) for Certificates, the delivery of Reference Assets in 
discharge of the obligation to pay the Redemption Amount from the Issuer to the Holders as 
specified in the relevant Payout Condition, and (c) for Notes, the delivery of Reference Assets 
in discharge of the obligation to pay the Final Redemption Amount from the Issuer to the 
Holders as specified in the relevant Payout Condition. 
"Physical Settlement Cut-off Date" means the relevant date specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms (or if that day is not a Clearing System Business Day, the next following Clearing System 
Business Day). 
"Potential Exercise Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, 
provided that if "Potential Exercise Date subject to Valuation Date adjustment" is stated to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then the provisions of the Reference Asset Linked 
Conditions specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms shall apply to the Potential 
Exercise Date as if such date were a Valuation Date (as defined in the applicable Reference 
Asset Linked Conditions). 
"Principal Programme Agent" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, and 
includes any successor or additional agent or any other such agent identified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Proceedings" means any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the 
Securities. 
"Programme" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Quota" means, if Maximum Exercise Number is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, a 
number of Securities equal to such Maximum Exercise Number. 
"Rate Linked Provisions" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Rate Linked Securities" means any Securities in respect of which the "Rate Linked 
Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest in respect of the Notes which is specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms or otherwise determined in accordance with General Condition 4 
(Interest and other Calculations under the Notes) and provided that if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify different rates of interest in respect of different Interest Periods, then the Rate of Interest 
in respect of the Notes for such Interest Period shall be as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Recommended Fallback Rate" means, in relation to: 
(a)
a Reference Rate that is:  
(i)
Compounded Daily SONIA, the Compounded Daily SONIA Recommended 
Fallback Rate;  
(ii)
Compounded Daily SOFR, the Compounded Daily SOFR Recommended 
Fallback Rate;  
(iii)
Compounded Daily TONA, the Compounded Daily TONA Recommended 
Fallback Rate; 
(iv)
Compounded Daily €STR, the Compounded Daily €STR Recommended Fallback 
Rate;  
in each case, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, provided that in each case, if 
such reference rate ceases to exist or the Calculation Agent determines that such

--- Page 292 ---
General Conditions 
279 
reference rate likely will cease to exist during the term of the Securities then it shall be 
deemed that no Recommended Fallback Rate has been specified; and 
(b)
if "ISDA Fallback Rate" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then the 
Recommended Fallback Rate shall be the ISDA Fallback Rate. 
"Record Date" has the meaning given in General Condition 6.2(a) (Payments of principal and 
interest in respect of Registered Global Notes) or General Condition 6.2(i) (Record Date) or 
General Condition 9.3(d) (Record Date) or General Condition 11.3(j) (Record Date), in each 
case as applicable. 
"Redemption Amount" means the Security Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with the Payout Conditions. 
"Redemption Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of 
interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes or Linear Zero Coupon Notes) 
any date, in each case as specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Holders pursuant to 
General Condition 21.1 (Redenomination of Notes) above and which falls on or after the date 
on which the country of the Specified Currency first participates in the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union. 
"Reference Asset" or "Reference Assets" means a Share, an Index, a Commodity, a 
Commodity Index, an FX Rate, a Reference Entity, a Fund or a Reference Rate as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Reference Asset Amount" or "Reference Asset Amounts" in respect of (a) Warrants, means 
the Issuer Physical Settlement Amount and (b) Certificates or Notes, has the meaning given in 
the Payout Conditions. 
"Reference Asset Linked Conditions" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Reference Asset Linked Coupon Certificates" means Certificates in respect of which 
"Reference Asset Linked Coupon Provisions" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Reference Asset Linked Coupon Notes" means Notes in respect of which "Reference Asset 
Linked Coupon Provisions" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Reference Asset Transfer Notice" means a notice, substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement (and which may be obtained during normal business hours from the 
specified office of the Relevant Programme Agent) which shall: 
(a)
specify the name and address of the relevant Holder, any account details required for 
delivery and the person from whom the Issuer may obtain details for the delivery of the 
Reference Asset Amount if such delivery is to be made otherwise than in the manner 
specified in the General Conditions and relevant Payout Conditions; 
(b)
contain a Non-U.S. Certification; 
(c)
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, specify the nominal amount 
of Securities which are the subject of such notice and the number of the Holder's account 
at the Relevant Clearing System (if applicable), to be debited with such Securities and 
irrevocably instruct and authorise any Relevant Clearing System (if applicable), to debit 
the relevant Holder's account with such Securities on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date(s), Coupon Payment Date(s) and/or the Settlement Date, the Redemption Date or 
the Maturity Date, as the case may be; 
(d)
include an undertaking to pay all Delivery Expenses and, in the case of Securities 
represented by a Global Security, an authority to debit a specified account of the Holder

--- Page 293 ---
General Conditions 
280 
at the Relevant Clearing System (if applicable), in respect thereof and to pay such 
Delivery Expenses; 
(e)
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings; 
(f)
in the case of Securities that may be settled by way of Physical Settlement of underlying 
shares of a company, contain an Equity Certification which includes certain 
representations with respect to such shares; and 
(g)
in respect of French Bearer Securities, confirm the irrevocable instruction given to the 
Euroclear France Account Holder through which the relevant French Bearer Securities 
are held to immediately transfer such French Bearer Securities to the Euroclear France 
account of the French Programme Agent. 
"Reference Banks" means each institution specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if 
none, each major bank selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the 
Euro-zone). 
"Reference Dealers" means four leading dealers in the relevant foreign exchange market, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Reference Rate" means any relevant Floating Rate Option, Contingent Floating Rate, 
Benchmark, Swap Rate, Compounded RFR, Compounded Index, Underlying RFR, Original 
Rate or any other rate hereunder as the context may require (howsoever described in the 
Conditions and as amended from time to time pursuant to the Conditions). 
"Register" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.2(a)(Title to Registered Securities 
(other than Danish Notes, Finnish Securities, Norwegian Securities, Swedish Securities, French 
Registered Securities and Swiss Securities)). 
"Registered Certificates" means Certificates in registered form. 
"Registered Global Note" means a global note in registered form. 
"Registered Global Security" means a Permanent Registered Global Security or a Temporary 
Registered Global Security. 
"Registered Notes" means Notes in registered form. 
"Registered Securities" means any Securities specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and 
includes Securities regarded as Registered Securities for the purposes of these General 
Conditions pursuant to General Condition 1.1(b)(Registered Securities) and any Securities in 
registered definitive form following exchange from a Global Security in accordance with the 
Conditions (and each shall be a "Registered Security"). 
"Registered Warrants" means Warrants in registered form. 
"Registrar" means, in respect of (i) Danish Notes, the Danish Registrar, (ii) Finnish Securities, 
the Finnish Registrar, (iii) Norwegian Securities, the Norwegian Registrar, (iv) Swedish 
Securities, the Swedish Registrar, (v) French Registered Securities, the French Registration 
Agent, (vi) Swiss Securities, the Swiss Registrar and (vii) all other Registered Securities, The 
Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V., Luxembourg Branch, or any successor to any of the above 
entities appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement or other such registrar identified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a)
in the case of Securities where interest on the Notes or the coupon on the Certificates is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from, and including

--- Page 294 ---
General Conditions 
281 
(or in the case of Swedish Securities, excluding), the Issue Date to, but excluding (or in 
the case of Swedish Securities, including), the first Interest Payment Date, or Coupon 
Payment Date (as applicable) and each successive period from, and including (or in the 
case of Swedish Securities, excluding), one Interest Payment Date or Coupon Payment 
Date (as applicable) to, but excluding (or in the case of Swedish Securities, including), 
the next Interest Payment Date or Coupon Payment Date (as applicable); 
(b)
in the case of Securities where, apart from the first Interest Payment Date or Coupon 
Payment Date (as applicable), interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including (or in the case of Swedish Securities, 
excluding) a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding (or in the case of Swedish 
Securities, including) the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date or Coupon Payment Date 
(as applicable), falls; and 
(c)
in the case of Securities where, apart from one Interest Period or Coupon Period (as 
applicable), other than the first Interest Period or Coupon Period (as applicable), interest 
is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including (or in the case of Swedish Securities, excluding) a Regular Date falling in any 
year to but excluding (or in the case of Swedish Securities, including) the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date or Coupon Payment Date (as applicable) falls other than the 
Interest Period or Coupon Period falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period, or 
Coupon Period (as applicable). 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act, as amended. 
"Related Hedging Entity" means JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
"Relevant Benchmark" means, in respect of any Securities, a Reference Rate or any rate, level, 
value or other figure in respect of one or more Reference Assets utilised in order to determine 
the Rate of Interest, Floating Rate Coupon, Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Instalment Amount, Reference Asset Amount or any other amount payable or asset 
deliverable under the Securities. 
"Relevant Change of Law" means as a result of: 
(a)
any action taken by a Relevant Source Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or brought in a court of competent 
jurisdiction on or after the Issue Date; or  
(b)
the proposal, adoption, finalisation or expiration of any laws, regulations, or 
administrative guidance (including, due to the mere passage of time) of a Relevant 
Source Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in, or amendment to (or proposed change or amendment to), 
proposed or final laws, regulations, or administrative guidance, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of proposed or final laws, regulations or 
administrative guidance (including by inaction, such as the failure to finalise proposed 
regulations or administrative guidance, or due to the mere passage of time), which 
proposal, adoption, finalisation, expiration, change or amendment becomes effective on 
or after the Issue Date or with respect to payments made on or after the Issue Date, 
a payment becoming subject to Relevant Source Jurisdiction withholding. 
"Relevant Clearing System(s)" means the clearing system(s) in which a Global Security for a 
Series or Tranche of Securities has been deposited as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
which may be Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt, Monte Titoli 
S.p.A., acting on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, SIX SIS, or any clearing 
system through which Securities in dematerialised or uncertificated form are cleared, including 
Euroclear France, Euroclear Sweden, VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland and SIX SIS, and, as the case 
may be, the clearing system or other appropriate method selected by the Issuer to effect the

--- Page 295 ---
General Conditions 
282 
settlement and delivery of a Reference Asset in the case of an issue of Securities to which 
Physical Settlement applies. 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Rate of Interest or Floating Rate 
Coupon (as applicable) to be determined in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an 
Interest Determination Date or Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date (as applicable), the 
financial centre as may be specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, 
the financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the 
case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none is so connected, London. 
"Relevant Incorporation Jurisdiction" means the country (or any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereof or therein) in which the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) is 
organised or incorporated. 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means a Relevant Incorporation Jurisdiction or Relevant Source 
Jurisdiction, as applicable. 
"Relevant Notes" means all Notes where the relevant Issue Terms provide for a minimum 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least EUR 100,000 
and which are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area. 
"Relevant Payment Date" in respect of any Security means the date on which payment in 
respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) 
the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Holder that, upon further 
presentation of the Security being made in accordance with these General Conditions, such 
payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
"Relevant Payment Jurisdiction" means such jurisdiction(s) as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion. 
"Relevant Programme Agent" means, in respect of (i) Danish Notes, the Danish Programme 
Agent, (ii) Swedish Securities, the Swedish Programme Agent, (iii) Norwegian Securities, the 
Norwegian Programme Agent, (iv) Finnish Securities, the Finnish Programme Agent, (v) Swiss 
Securities, the Swiss Programme Agent, (vi) French Securities, the French Programme Agent, 
(vii) German Securities clearing through Clearstream Frankfurt, the German Programme Agent, 
(viii) German Securities clearing through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the 
Principal Programme Agent, or (ix) all other Securities, the Principal Programme Agent, and 
includes any successor or additional agent or any other agent identified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Record Date" means, in respect of (i) Danish Notes, the Danish Record Date, (ii) 
Finnish Securities, the Finnish Record Date, (iii) Norwegian Securities, the Norwegian Record 
Date, (iv) Swedish Securities, the Swedish Record Date and (v) all other Registered Securities, 
the Record Date. 
"Relevant Rules" means the terms and conditions, rules, regulations or other procedures 
governing the use of Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and/or such other Relevant Clearing 
System, as may be amended, updated or replaced from time to time; 
"Relevant Source Jurisdiction" means the country (or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein) in which payments of any present or future tax, assessment or other 
governmental charge of whatever nature are regarded as being sourced otherwise than by virtue 
of being a Relevant Incorporation Jurisdiction. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date or Floating Rate 
Coupon Determination Date (as applicable), the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits 
in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for this

--- Page 296 ---
General Conditions 
283 
purpose "local time" means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial 
Centre, 11.00 hours, Brussels Time. 
"Representative" has the meaning given in General Condition 23.3(a) (Legal Personality). 
"Residual Cash Amount" or "Residual Cash Amounts" has the meaning given in the Payout 
Conditions. 
"RFR" means each of SONIA, SOFR, TONA, €STR and any other risk free refence rate as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (as applicable). 
"Scheduled Trading Day" has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions, the Index 
Linked Provisions and the Fund Linked Provisions, as applicable. 
"Securities" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
"Series" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Settlement Amount" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, provided 
that if "Security Redemption Amount" is specified as the Settlement Amount in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the Payout 
Conditions. 
"Settlement Cycle" has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions or the Index Linked 
Provisions, as applicable. 
"Settlement Date" means, subject to General Condition 12.2 (Payments on Payment Days) and 
General Condition 14 (Physical Settlement), and subject to there not having occurred a 
Settlement Disruption Event: 
(a)
in relation to Reference Assets to be delivered in respect of an Exercise Date or 
Redemption Date, the date that falls one Settlement Cycle following that Exercise Date 
or Redemption Date (or, if such date is not a Clearing System Business Day, the next 
following Clearing System Business Day), unless a Settlement Disruption Event 
prevents delivery of such Reference Assets on that date. If a Settlement Disruption Event 
prevents delivery of a Reference Asset on that date, General Condition 14.5 (Settlement 
Disruption Event) shall apply; and 
(b)
in relation to payment of the Settlement Amount or Redemption Amount, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms;  
provided that, if so provided in the relevant Issue Terms, the Settlement Date in respect of each 
Security: 
(i)
exercised by the Holder, shall be the earlier of (x) the tenth (or such day as is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms) Business Day following exercise of such Security and (y) 
the date specified in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
(ii)
deemed to be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date, the date specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms.  
"Settlement Disruption Event" means an event beyond the control of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any Hedging Entity (including illiquidity in the market for the relevant Reference Assets or 
any legal prohibition, or material restriction imposed by any law, order or regulation on the 
ability of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Hedging Entity, to deliver the Reference Asset) as a 
result of which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Reference Asset 
Amount by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor, in accordance with these General 
Conditions, the Payout Conditions and/or the relevant Issue Terms is illegal or is not practicable, 
or as a result of which the Relevant Clearing System cannot clear the transfer of the relevant 
Reference Assets.

--- Page 297 ---
General Conditions 
284 
"Share" and "Shares" have the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions. 
"Share Linked Provisions" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Share Linked Securities" means any Securities in respect of which the "Share Linked 
Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"SIX SIS" means SIX SIS AG, or any successor or replacement clearing system accepted by 
the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
"Specified Coupon Period" means the period specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Securities are denominated. 
"Specified Decimal Place" means, in relation to the rounding of any relevant percentage, 
amount or figure pursuant to General Condition 22 (Rounding), the decimal place specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Specified Denomination" means the denomination specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Specified Fraction" means, in relation to the rounding of any relevant percentage, amount or 
figure pursuant to General Condition 22 (Rounding), the fraction specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms.  
"Specified Unit" means, in relation to the rounding of any relevant currency amount pursuant 
to General Condition 22 (Rounding), the unit of currency specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Sterling" and "£" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
"Swap Rate" means any swap rate that reflects the fixed rate under an interest rate swap for a 
relevant transaction as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Swedish Certificates" means any Certificates which are specified to be Swedish Securities in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Swedish CSD" means the Swedish central securities depository (värdepapperscentral) (which 
is expected to be Euroclear Sweden). 
"Swedish CSD Rules" means Swedish laws, regulations and operating procedures applicable 
to and/or issued by the Swedish CSD (which is expected to be Euroclear Sweden). 
"Swedish Notes" means any Notes which are specified to be Swedish Securities in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Swedish Programme Agent" means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), or any 
successor or additional agent appointed in connection with the relevant Swedish Securities in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement. 
"Swedish Record Date" has the meaning given in General Condition 6.2(f) (Payments in 
respect of Swedish Notes) in respect of Swedish Notes, the meaning given in General Condition 
9.3(d)(iii) (Record Date) in respect of Swedish Certificates and the meaning given in General 
Condition 11.3(j)(iii) (Record Date) in respect of Swedish Warrants. 
"Swedish Register" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.2(f) (Title to Swedish 
Securities). 
"Swedish Registrar" means the Swedish CSD.

--- Page 298 ---
General Conditions 
285 
"Swedish Securities" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(vi) (Swedish 
Securities) and means Swedish Notes, Swedish Warrants and/or Swedish Certificates as the 
context may require. 
"Swedish Warrants" means any Warrants which are specified to be Swedish Securities in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Swiss Certificates" means any Certificates which are specified to be Swiss Securities in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Swiss Global Security" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(vii) (Swiss 
Securities). 
"Swiss Notes" means any Notes which are specified to be Swiss Securities in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Swiss Programme Agent" means UBS AG, or any successor or additional agent appointed in 
connection with the Swiss Securities in accordance with the Agency Agreement. 
"Swiss Register" means the register of Swiss Securities kept by the Swiss Registrar. 
"Swiss Registrar" means UBS AG, or any successor appointed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement. 
"Swiss Securities" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(vii) (Swiss Securities) 
and means Swiss Notes, Swiss Warrants and/or Swiss Certificates as the context may require. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor 
thereto. 
"TARGET2 Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro. 
"Tax Termination Event" has the meaning given in General Condition 18.3 (Early Redemption 
or Termination for Taxation – FATCA). 
"Temporary Bearer Global Security" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(a) 
(Bearer Securities). 
"Temporary Global Security" means a Temporary Bearer Global Security and/or a Temporary 
Registered Global Security. 
"Temporary Registered Global Security" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b) 
(Registered Securities). 
"Termination Event" has the meaning given in General Condition 16 (Early Redemption or 
Termination for Illegality). 
"Tranche" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Transfer Agent" means, in respect of Registered Securities (other than Swiss Securities) in 
definitive form, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch or The Bank of New York 
Mellon S.A./N.V., Luxembourg Branch (as applicable). 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
"UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) and 
regulations made thereunder. 
"Underlying Hedge Entity" means the Issuer or any affiliate(s) of the Issuer or any entity (or 
entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer.

--- Page 299 ---
General Conditions 
286 
"Underlying Hedge Tax Jurisdiction" means (i) the country (or any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereof or therein) in which the Underlying Hedge Entity or its applicable 
counterparty is organised or incorporated or in which payments of any present or future tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge of whatever nature are regarded as being sourced, (ii) 
the United States and (iii) any other jurisdiction that enters into an intergovernmental agreement 
with the United States in furtherance of FATCA. 
"Underlying Hedge Transactions" means, in relation to the Securities, any purchase, sale, 
entry into or maintenance of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, 
derivatives and/or foreign exchange and/or (b) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever 
described) in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis the Issuer's obligations under 
such Securities. 
"Underlying RFR" means the RFR referenced in the applicable Compounded Index. 
"United States" means the United States of America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia), its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction. 
"Unpaid Implied Yield" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Aggregate Nominal Amount × (Implied Yield × Day Count Fraction)
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Period begins from and including the Issue Date to 
but excluding the date of redemption or settlement of the Security, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means, in respect of any relevant day, that such day is not a Business 
Day and the market was not aware of such fact by means of a public announcement until after 
9:00 a.m. in the principal financial centre for each currency in which an amount is to be 
determined or paid on such day under the relevant Securities, on the day that is two Business 
Days (not including days that would have been Business Days but for that announcement) prior 
to that day. 
"USD/Affected Currency Exchange Rate" means, in respect of any relevant day, the spot 
USD/Affected Currency exchange rate, expressed as an amount of the Affected Currency per 
unit of USD, as reported or published by the fixing price sponsor at the relevant time on such 
day, provided that if no such rate is available on such day, then the Calculation Agent may 
request each of the Reference Dealers (as defined in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions)) to 
provide a firm quotation of the rate at which it will buy one unit of USD in an amount of Affected 
Currency at the applicable time on such day, based upon each Reference Dealer's experience in 
the foreign exchange market for Affected Currency and general activity in such market on such 
day. If at least two quotations are provided, the relevant rate will be the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided, the Calculation Agent may request each 
of the major banks (as selected by the Calculation Agent) in the relevant market to provide a 
quotation of the rate at which it will buy one unit of USD in an amount of the Affected Currency 
at the applicable time on such day. If fewer than two quotations are provided, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the USD/Affected Currency Exchange Rate as of the 
applicable time on such day in its discretion.  
"USD Equivalent Amount" means, in respect of an Affected Amount and the Payment Event 
Payment Date, an amount in USD determined by the Calculation Agent by converting the 
Affected Amount from the currency in which such Affected Amount is denominated in (such 
currency, the "Affected Currency") into USD using the USD/Affected Currency Exchange 
Rate on the Payment Disruption Valuation Date in respect of such Payment Event Payment 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"U.S. Person" means any person which is a "U.S. person" as defined in Rule 902(k) of 
Regulation S (as may be amended from time to time) or any person which is a "United States 
person" as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code and Treasury regulations thereunder (as 
may be amended from time to time), as the context requires.

--- Page 300 ---
General Conditions 
287 
"Valuation Date" means any date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"VP" means the depository and clearing centre operated by Euronext Securities Copenhagen 
(VP Securities A/S) or any successor or replacement thereto. 
"VP Rules" means Danish laws, regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or 
issued by the VP. 
"VPS" means the central securities depository operated by Euronext Securities Oslo 
(Verdipapirsentralen ASA) or any successor or replacement thereto. 
"VPS Register" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.2(e) (Title to Norwegian 
Securities). 
"VPS Rules" means Norwegian laws, regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or 
issued by the VPS. 
"Warrants" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Zero Coupon Notes" means any Notes in respect of which the "Zero Coupon Note Provisions" 
are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
31.2
Interpretation 
(a)
Capitalised terms used but not defined in these General Conditions will have the meanings given 
to them in the relevant Payout Conditions as completed by the relevant Issue Terms, the absence 
of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Securities of the relevant 
Series. 
(b)
A reference to a "person" in these General Conditions includes any person, firm, company, 
corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust or partnership 
(whether or not having separate legal personality) of two or more of the foregoing.  
(c)
A reference in these General Conditions to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as 
amended or re-enacted. 
(d)
Part, General Condition and Reference Asset Linked Condition headings are for ease of 
reference only. Words importing the plural shall include the singular and vice versa, unless the 
context requires otherwise. 
(e)
References in these General Conditions to a company or entity shall be deemed to include a 
reference to any successor or replacement thereto. 
31.3
ISDA Determination Additional Provisions 
For the purposes of General Condition 4.2(b)(i) or 8.2(b)(i) or Rate Linked Provision 1(a) (as applicable), 
references in the ISDA Definitions to:  
- 
numbers, financial centres, elections or other items to be specified in the relevant Confirmation 
shall be deemed to be references to the corresponding numbers, financial centres, elections or 
other items specified for such purpose in the applicable Issue Terms (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); 
- 
the "Effective Date" shall be to the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
- 
a "Period End Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Period End Date, a Floating 
Rate Coupon Period End Date or a Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date (as 
applicable), provided that where the 2021 Definitions are specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and where the Business Day Convention applicable to the relevant Interest Period End Date, 
Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date or a Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date 
(as applicable) is "Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Preceding Business Day 
Convention" and "Period End Date/Termination Date adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday" is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and that Interest Period End Date,

--- Page 301 ---
General Conditions 
288 
Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date or Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date 
(as applicable) would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day as a result of an 
Unscheduled Holiday, that date will instead fall on the first following day that is a Business 
Day; 
- 
a "Payment Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Payment Date or Floating Rate 
Coupon Payment Date (as applicable), provided that where the 2021 Definitions are specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and where the Business Day Convention applicable to the relevant 
Interest Period End Date, Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date or Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Date (as applicable) is "Modified Following Business Day Convention" or 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" and that Interest Payment Date or Floating Rate Coupon 
Payment Date (as applicable) would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day as a result 
of an Unscheduled Holiday, that date will instead fall on the first following day that is a Business 
Day and, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, where any other payment 
date (a "Related Payment Date") is scheduled to fall on the same day, that Related Payment 
Date shall also be adjusted accordingly, all subject as provided in General Condition 6 
(Payments); 
- 
the "Termination Date" shall be to the Maturity Date, Settlement Date, Redemption Date, 
Optional Redemption Date or such other date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
and 
- 
a "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Day 
Count Fraction. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the ISDA Definitions: 
(a)
the provisions of General Condition 20 (Calculation Agent, Determination, Disclaimer of 
Liability and other terms) shall apply in relation to calculations and determinations made by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to General Condition 4.2(b)(i) or 8.2(b)(i) (as applicable) and any 
inconsistent provision in the relevant ISDA Definitions shall be disregarded;  
(b)
any requirement under the ISDA Definitions for the ISDA Calculation Agent: (i) to give notice 
of a determination made by it to any other party will be deemed to be a requirement for the 
Calculation Agent to provide an equivalent notice to the Issuer and/or (ii) to consult with the 
other party or the parties, will be disregarded; 
(c)
the right of any party under the ISDA Definitions to require the ISDA Calculation Agent to take 
any action or fulfil any responsibility will be deemed to be solely the right of the Issuer to require 
this of the Calculation Agent in its discretion and no Holder will have any right to require the 
Issuer to do this or to direct the Calculation Agent in this regard; 
(d)
where the ISDA Definitions require agreement between the parties to the relevant transaction, 
the parties will be deemed to have been unable to reach agreement and the fallback applicable 
in such circumstances will be deemed to apply; 
(e)
in the event that the Calculation Agent determines that any Fixing Day or other day on which 
an ISDA Rate is determined under the ISDA Definitions is fewer than two Business Days prior 
to the relevant date originally scheduled for payment, the Calculation Agent may determine that 
such date for payment and/or any Related Payment Date be delayed to a date falling not more 
than two Business Days after the relevant Fixing Day or relevant other day and Holders shall 
not be entitled to interest, coupon or any other payment in respect of such delay; and  
(f)
where the 2021 Definitions are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in the event that the 
Correction Time Period applicable to an ISDA Rate ends later than two Business Days prior to 
the relevant date for payment or delivery (as applicable), any corrections published after the 
second Business Day prior to the relevant date for payment or delivery (as applicable) shall be 
disregarded for the purposes of determining the relevant ISDA Rate.

--- Page 302 ---
Payout Conditions 
289 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
(for the purpose of this section, the "Payout Conditions") 
1. 
Coupon Amount ..................................................................................................................... 289 
2. 
Early Redemption .................................................................................................................. 296 
3. 
Security Redemption Amount on Security Redemption Date ................................................ 297 
4. 
Definitions and Interpretation ................................................................................................ 323 
These Payout Conditions shall apply to all Securities provided that each sub-paragraph thereof shall only 
apply where specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
1.
Coupon Amount 
If "Reference Asset Linked Coupon Provisions" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Security on each Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following provisions 
depending on which is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
For the purposes of this Payout Condition 1, all references to "Reference Asset" or "Reference 
Assets" will be deemed to be references to "Coupon Reference Asset" or "Coupon Reference 
Assets" respectively and the Securities will be deemed to relate only to the Coupon Reference 
Asset(s) for such purposes. 
(a)
Contingent Coupon 
If "Contingent Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of 
each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior to such 
Coupon Payment Date: 
(i)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(ii)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(b)
Memory Coupon 
If "Memory Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior to such 
Coupon Payment Date: 
(i)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
(CA × Memory Coupon Value × t) −APCA
(ii)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(c)
Factor Coupon (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Factor Coupon (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date:

--- Page 303 ---
Payout Conditions 
290 
(i)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
CA × Coupon Factor Numerator
Coupon Factor Denominator × Coupon Factor
(ii)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(d)
Factor Coupon (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Factor Coupon (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date: 
(i)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
CA × Coupon Factor Performance × Coupon Factor
(ii)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(e)
Lock-in Coupon 
If "Lock-in Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior to such 
Coupon Payment Date: 
(i)
if a Coupon Lock-in Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date and/or 
any Coupon Valuation Date falling prior to such Coupon Valuation Date, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on 
such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Lock-in Coupon Amount; or 
(ii)
if a Coupon Lock-in Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date 
and/or any Coupon Valuation Date falling prior to such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, and: 
(A)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of 
each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified 
Coupon Amount; or 
(B)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each 
Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(f)
Performance Coupon 1 
If "Performance Coupon 1" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect 
of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior to such 
Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 304 ---
Payout Conditions 
291 
PCA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥{CF; [(Coupon Participation
t
) × (AP(CVD) −Coupon Strike)]}
(g)
Performance Coupon 2 
If "Performance Coupon 2" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect 
of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior to such 
Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥{CF; [PCA × (Coupon Participation
t
) × (AP(CVD) −Coupon Strike)]}
(h)
Contingent Coupon or Range Accrual Coupon (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Contingent Coupon or Range Accrual Coupon (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date: 
(i)
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Coupon Barrier Event" to be applicable: 
(A)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of the Coupon Valuation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable 
on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of the Coupon Valuation Date 
falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on 
such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA × Range Accrual Coupon Factor × N
M
(ii)
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Coupon Barrier Event" to be not applicable, the 
Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall 
be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
CA × Range Accrual Coupon Factor × N
M
(i)
Contingent Coupon or Range Accrual Coupon (Worst of) 
If "Contingent Coupon or Range Accrual Coupon (Worst of)" is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date: 
(i)
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Coupon Barrier Event" to be applicable: 
(A)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of the Coupon Valuation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable 
on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of the Coupon Valuation Date 
falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on 
such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 305 ---
Payout Conditions 
292 
CA × Range Accrual Coupon Factor × N (Worst of)
M (Worst of)
(ii)
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Coupon Barrier Event" to be not applicable, the 
Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall 
be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
CA × Range Accrual Coupon Factor × N (Worst of)
M (Worst of)
(j)
Contingent Coupon or Range Accrual Coupon (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Contingent Coupon or Range Accrual Coupon (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date: 
(i)
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Coupon Barrier Event" to be applicable: 
(A)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of the Coupon Valuation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable 
on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of the Coupon Valuation Date 
falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on 
such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA × Range Accrual Coupon Factor × N (Basket)
M (Basket)
(ii)
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Coupon Barrier Event" to be not applicable, the 
Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall 
be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
CA × Range Accrual Coupon Factor × N (Basket)
M (Basket)
(k)
Enhanced Coupon 
If "Enhanced Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of 
each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior to such 
Coupon Payment Date: 
(i)
if an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date 
and an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date, each as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of 
each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula; 
CA × Enhanced Coupon Rate × Coupon Leverage
(ii)
if neither an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 nor an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 has occurred 
in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, each as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula; 
CA × Enhanced Coupon Rate

--- Page 306 ---
Payout Conditions 
293 
(iii)
if an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date 
(and regardless of whether an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 has or has not occurred), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(l)
Memory Enhanced Coupon 
If "Memory Enhanced Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior 
to such Coupon Payment Date: 
(i)
if an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date 
and an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date, each as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of 
each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula; 
(CA × Enhanced Coupon Rate × t × Coupon Leverage) - APCA
(ii)
if neither an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 nor an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 has occurred 
in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, each as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula; 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 [(CA × Enhanced Coupon Rate × t) - APCA; 0]
(iii)
if an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date 
(and regardless of whether an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 has or has not occurred), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(m)
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
If "Contingent Floating Rate Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately 
prior to such Coupon Payment Date: 
(i)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula; 
CA × (Contingent Floating Rate + Spread) × Relevant DCF
(ii)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(n)
Memory Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
If "Memory Contingent Floating Rate Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date: 
(i)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula; 
(CA × (Contingent Floating Rate + Spread) × Relevant DCF) + Memory Amount

--- Page 307 ---
Payout Conditions 
294 
(ii)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(o)
In Fine Coupon 
If "In Fine Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the 
Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on the Coupon 
Payment Date shall be the sum of each Deferred Coupon Amount in respect of each Coupon 
Valuation Date preceding such Coupon Payment Date. 
Where: 
"Deferred Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and each Security:  
(i)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(ii)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, zero. 
(p)
In Fine Memory Coupon 
If "In Fine Memory Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect 
of the Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on the 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the sum of each Deferred Memory Coupon Amount in respect 
of each Coupon Valuation Date preceding such Coupon Payment Date. 
Where:  
"Deferred Memory Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and each 
Security:  
(i)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, an amount in the Specified Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
CA × Memory Coupon Value × Integer
(ii)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, zero. 
"Integer" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and the Integer Period corresponding 
to such Coupon Valuation Date, the number of Coupon Valuation Dates which fall in the 
relevant Integer Period.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if there are no Coupon Valuation Dates which fall in the relevant 
Integer Period other than the Relevant CVD, the Integer shall be one (1). 
"Integer Period" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (the "Relevant CVD"), the 
period commencing on (but excluding) the most recent Coupon Valuation Date:  
(i)
preceding such Relevant CVD; and  
(ii)
in respect of which a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred,  
(or if there is no such most recent Coupon Valuation Date, the period commencing on (but 
excluding) the Issue Date) and ending on (and including) such Relevant CVD.  
(q)
Daily Coupon

--- Page 308 ---
Payout Conditions 
295 
If "Daily Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior to the date on 
which such Coupon Payment Date is scheduled to fall: 
(i)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of any Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) or Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) (as applicable) falling in the 
Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA × Daily Coupon Rate × Daily Coupon DCF
(ii)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of any Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) or Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) (as applicable) falling in the 
Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(r)
Fixed, Worst-of, Weighted and / or Best-of Basket Coupon 
If "Fixed, Worst-of, Weighted and / or Best-of Basket Coupon" is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms: 
(i)
in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, if "Fixed Coupon" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon 
Amount in respect of each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
CA × FWWB Coupon Rate; or 
(ii)
in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling 
immediately prior to the date on which such Coupon Payment Date is scheduled to fall, 
if "Fixed Coupon" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms in respect 
of such Coupon Valuation Date, and 
(A)
if an FWWB Coupon Performance Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in 
respect of each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
CA × (FWWB Coupon Rate + Sum FWWB Coupon Rate); or 
(B)
if an FWWB Coupon Performance Event has not occurred in respect of such 
Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon 
Amount in respect of each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall 
be zero. 
(s)
Drop Back Coupon 
If "Drop Back Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of 
each Coupon Payment Date and each Coupon Period (Drop Back) ending on the Coupon 
Valuation Date falling immediately prior to the date on which such Coupon Payment Date is 
scheduled to fall, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
CA × [Cumulated Interest (t) −Cumulated Interest (t −1)]
(t)
Memory Coupon with Instalment Feature

--- Page 309 ---
Payout Conditions 
296 
If "Memory Coupon with Instalment Feature" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date: 
(i)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
(CA × (1 −Instalment Percentage) × Memory Coupon Value × t) −APCA
(ii)
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(u)
Daily Coupon 2 
If "Daily Coupon 2" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior to the date on 
which such Coupon Payment Date is scheduled to fall: 
(i)
if a Coupon Event has occurred in respect of any Observation Date (Closing Valuation) 
or Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) (as applicable) falling in the Coupon 
Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
CA × Daily Coupon Rate × Daily Coupon DCF
(ii)
if a Coupon Event has not occurred in respect of any Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) or Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) (as applicable) falling in the 
Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
2.
Early Redemption 
If "Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Early Redemption Event in respect of any Early 
Redemption Valuation Date has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Security on the Early 
Redemption Date scheduled to fall immediately after the date on which such Early Redemption 
Valuation Date is scheduled to fall by payment of the Early Redemption Amount. 
If "Daily Observation Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and the Calculation Agent determines that a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event 
has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Security on the related Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Date by payment of the Early Redemption Amount.  
If "Fast Autocall Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms 
and the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i)
a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Security on the Daily Observation Early Redemption Date scheduled to fall immediately 
after the date on which such Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred by 
payment of the Early Redemption Amount; or 
(ii)
a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has not occurred and subsequently an Early 
Redemption Event in respect of any Early Redemption Valuation Date has occurred, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Security on the Early Redemption Date scheduled to fall 
immediately after the date on which such Early Redemption Valuation Date is scheduled 
to fall by payment of the Early Redemption Amount.

--- Page 310 ---
Payout Conditions 
297 
The Early Redemption Amount payable on an Early Redemption Date or Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Date (as applicable) shall be payable together with any Coupon Amount, 
Fixed Coupon Amount, Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount or Interest Amount (as applicable) 
payable on the Coupon Payment Date or Interest Payment Date (as applicable) falling or 
scheduled to fall on such Early Redemption Date or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date 
(as applicable) (or, if there is no Coupon Payment Date or Interest Payment Date (as applicable) 
falling or scheduled to fall on such Early Redemption Date or Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Date (as applicable), such Coupon Amount, Fixed Coupon Amount, Certificate 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Interest Amount (as applicable) shall be payable on the Coupon 
Payment Date or Interest Payment Date (as applicable) most recently preceding such Early 
Redemption Date or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date (as applicable)). However, 
where an Early Redemption Event or a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event (as 
applicable) has occurred then no Security Redemption Amount shall be payable under Payout 
Condition 3 (Security Redemption Amount on Security Redemption Date) or Final Redemption 
Amount under General Condition 5.2 (Final Redemption) or Redemption Amount under 
General Condition 9.2 (Redemption on the Redemption Date) (as applicable) on any Security 
Redemption Date or Maturity Date or Redemption Date (as applicable) coinciding with the 
related Early Redemption Date or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date (as applicable). 
For the purposes of this Payout Condition 2, all references to "Reference Asset" or "Reference 
Assets" will be deemed to be references to "Early Redemption Reference Asset" or "Early 
Redemption Reference Assets" respectively or "Daily Observation Early Redemption Reference 
Asset" or "Daily Observation Early Redemption Reference Assets" respectively (as applicable) 
and the Securities will be deemed to relate only to the Early Redemption Reference Asset(s) or 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Reference Assets (as applicable) for such purposes. 
3.
Security Redemption Amount on Security Redemption Date 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, in accordance with the Conditions, or 
pursuant to an Early Redemption Event in accordance with Payout Condition 2 above (if "Early 
Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) or a Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Event in accordance with Payout Condition 2 above (if "Daily Observation 
Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) (for the avoidance 
of doubt, including in the circumstances specified in the penultimate paragraph of Payout 
Condition 2 (Early Redemption) above), where "Cash Settlement" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, each Security shall be redeemed on the Security Redemption Date 
by payment of the Security Redemption Amount which shall be determined in accordance with 
such of the following provisions as are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, or 
where "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, each Security shall be redeemed on the Security Redemption Date in accordance 
with such of the following provisions as are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this Payout Condition 3, all references to "Reference Asset" or "Reference 
Assets" will be deemed to be references to "Security Redemption Reference Asset" or "Security 
Redemption Reference Assets" respectively and the Securities will be deemed to relate only to 
the Security Redemption Reference Asset(s) for such purposes. 
(a)
Redemption Amount 1 (Single Reference Asset) Cash Settlement 
If "Redemption Amount 1 (Single Reference Asset)" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Security shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is equal 
to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount; 
(ii)
where the relevant Issue Terms specify:

--- Page 311 ---
Payout Conditions 
298 
(A)
"Barrier Event" to be applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Final Value of the Reference Asset is less than the Redemption Barrier, and: 
(I)
a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be the Calculation Amount; or 
(II)
a Barrier Event has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap) ; Floor]
(B)
"Barrier Event" to be not applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Final Value of the Reference Asset is less than the Redemption Barrier, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap) ; Floor]
(b)
Redemption Amount 1 (Single Reference Asset) Cash Settlement and/or Physical 
Settlement 
If "Redemption Amount 1 (Single Reference Asset)" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical 
Settlement" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is equal 
to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, Cash Settlement shall apply and each Security 
shall be redeemed on the Security Redemption Date by payment of the Security 
Redemption Amount which shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii)
where the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(A)
"Barrier Event" to be applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Final Value of the Reference Asset is less than the Redemption Barrier, and:  
(I)
a Barrier Event has not occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and each 
Security shall be redeemed on the Security Redemption Date by payment 
of the Security Redemption Amount which shall be the Calculation 
Amount; or 
(II)
a Barrier Event has occurred, Physical Settlement shall apply and the 
Issuer's redemption obligations under the Securities shall be discharged on 
the Security Redemption Date by the Issuer (x) delivering or procuring the 
delivery of the Reference Asset Amount in respect of each Security, and 
(y) paying the Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each Security;  
(B)
"Barrier Event" to be not applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Final Value of the Reference Asset is less than the Redemption Barrier, Physical 
Settlement shall apply and the Issuer's redemption obligations under the 
Securities shall be discharged on the Security Redemption Date by the Issuer (I) 
delivering or procuring the delivery of the Reference Asset Amount in respect of 
each Security and (II) paying the Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of 
each Security. 
(c)
Redemption Amount 2 Cash Settlement 
If "Redemption Amount 2" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable:

--- Page 312 ---
Payout Conditions 
299 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Worst Reference Asset is 
equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier in respect of such Worst Reference Asset, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(ii)
where the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
(A)
"Barrier Event" to be applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Final Value of the Worst Reference Asset is less than the Redemption Barrier in 
respect of such Worst Reference Asset, and: 
(I)
a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be the Calculation Amount; or 
(II)
a Barrier Event has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛( Worst Final Value
Worst Initial Value ; Cap) ; Floor]
(B)
"Barrier Event" to be not applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Final Value of the Worst Reference Asset is less than the Redemption Barrier in 
respect of such Worst Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛( Worst Final Value
Worst Initial Value ; Cap) ; Floor]
(d)
Redemption Amount 2 Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement 
If "Redemption Amount 2" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" are specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Worst Reference Asset is 
equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier in respect of such Worst Reference Asset, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii)
where the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(A)
"Barrier Event" to be applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Final Value of the Worst Reference Asset is less than the Redemption Barrier in 
respect of such Worst Reference Asset, and: 
(I)
a Barrier Event has not occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(II)
a Barrier Event has occurred, Physical Settlement shall apply and the 
Issuer's redemption obligations under the Securities shall be discharged on 
the Security Redemption Date by the Issuer (x) delivering or procuring the 
delivery of the Reference Asset Amount in respect of each Security, and 
(y) paying the Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each Security; 
(B)
"Barrier Event" to be not applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Final Value of the Worst Reference Asset is less than the Redemption Barrier in 
respect of such Worst Reference Asset, Physical Settlement shall apply and the 
Issuer's redemption obligations under the Securities shall be discharged on the 
Security Redemption Date by the Issuer (I) delivering or procuring the delivery 
of the Reference Asset Amount in respect of each Security, and (II) paying the 
Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each Security. 
(e)
Redemption Amount 3 Cash Settlement

--- Page 313 ---
Payout Conditions 
300 
If "Redemption Amount 3" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(A)
the Final Value of each Reference Asset is greater than the respective Initial Value 
of such Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount; or 
(B)
the Final Value of any Reference Asset is equal to or less than the Initial Value 
of such Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × Worst Final Value
Worst Initial Value
(f)
Redemption Amount 3 Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement 
If "Redemption Amount 3" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" are specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i)
a Barrier Event has not occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii)
a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(A)
the Final Value of each Reference Asset is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
that (i) "greater than Initial Value" is applicable, greater than the respective Initial 
Value of such Reference Asset or (ii) "greater than or equal to Initial Value" is 
applicable, greater than or equal to the respective Initial Value of such Reference 
Asset, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(B)
the Final Value of any Reference Asset is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
(i) "equal to or less than Initial Value" is applicable, equal to or less than the Initial 
Value of such Reference Asset, or (ii) "less than Initial Value" is applicable, less 
than the Initial Value of such Reference Asset, Physical Settlement shall apply 
and the Issuer's redemption obligations under the Securities shall be discharged 
on the Security Redemption Date by the Issuer (I) delivering or procuring the 
delivery of the Reference Asset Amount in respect of each Security, and (II) 
paying the Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each Security. 
(g)
Redemption Amount 4 Cash Settlement 
If "Redemption Amount 4" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(A)
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is greater than or equal to the Initial Value 
of the Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation 
Amount; or

--- Page 314 ---
Payout Conditions 
301 
(B)
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less than the Initial Value of the 
Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × Final Value
Initial Value
(h)
Redemption Amount 4 Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement 
If "Redemption Amount 4" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" are specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i)
a Barrier Event has not occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii)
a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(A)
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is greater than or equal to the Initial Value 
of the Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation 
Amount; or 
(B)
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less than the Initial Value of the 
Reference Asset, Physical Settlement shall apply and the Issuer's redemption 
obligations under the Securities shall be discharged on the Security Redemption 
Date by the Issuer (I) delivering or procuring the delivery of the Reference Asset 
Amount in respect of each Security, and (II) paying the Residual Cash Amount 
(if any) in respect of each Security. 
(i)
Redemption Amount 5 
If "Redemption Amount 5" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has occurred, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥{Floor; [1 + 𝑀𝑖𝑛(0; Worst Final Value
Worst Initial Value −1)]}
(j)
Bonus Securities Cash Settlement 
If "Bonus Securities" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(FRP; Bonus)
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, and: 
(A)
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(FRP; Floor)

--- Page 315 ---
Payout Conditions 
302 
(B)
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −[PF1 × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Strike −FRP; 0)]; Floor}
(k)
Bonus Securities Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement 
If "Bonus Securities" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i)
a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(FRP; Bonus)
(ii)
a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, Physical Settlement shall apply and the 
Issuer's redemption obligations under the Securities shall be discharged on the Security 
Redemption Date by the Issuer (A) delivering or procuring the delivery of the Reference 
Asset Amount in respect of each Security, and (B) paying the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) in respect of each Security. 
(l)
Capped Bonus Securities Cash Settlement 
If "Capped Bonus Securities" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝑀𝑎𝑥(FRP; Bonus); Cap]
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, and: 
(A)
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛(FRP; Cap)
(B)
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −[PF1 × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Strike −FRP; 0)]; Floor}; Cap)
(m)
Capped Bonus Securities Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement 
If "Capped Bonus Securities" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" are specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i)
a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝑀𝑎𝑥(FRP; Bonus); Cap]
(ii)
a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, and:

--- Page 316 ---
Payout Conditions 
303 
(A)
the Final Relevant Performance is greater than or equal to the Cap, Cash 
Settlement shall apply and the Security Redemption Amount shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × Cap
(B)
the Final Relevant Performance is less than the Cap, Physical Settlement shall 
apply and the Issuer's redemption obligations under the Securities shall be 
discharged on the Security Redemption Date by the Issuer (I) delivering or 
procuring the delivery of the Reference Asset Amount in respect of each Security, 
and (II) paying the Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each Security.  
(n)
Barrier Reverse Convertible Securities Cash Settlement 
If "Barrier Reverse Convertible Securities" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall 
be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛(FRP; 1)
(o)
Barrier Reverse Convertible Securities Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement 
If "Barrier Reverse Convertible Securities" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" 
are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that: 
(i)
a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii)
a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, and: 
(A)
the Final Relevant Performance is greater than or equal to one (1), Cash 
Settlement shall apply and the Security Redemption Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount; or 
(B)
the Final Relevant Performance is less than one (1), Physical Settlement shall 
apply and the Issuer's redemption obligations under the Securities shall be 
discharged on the Security Redemption Date by the Issuer (I) delivering or 
procuring the delivery of the Reference Asset Amount in respect of each Security, 
and (II) paying the Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each Security. 
(p)
Reverse Convertible Securities Cash Settlement 
If "Reverse Convertible Securities" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is equal to or 
greater than the Put Strike, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation 
Amount; or 
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is less than the 
Put Strike, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:

--- Page 317 ---
Payout Conditions 
304 
CA ×
FRP
Put Strike
(q)
Reverse Convertible Securities Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement 
If "Reverse Convertible Securities" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i)
the Final Relevant Performance is equal to or greater than the Put Strike, Cash Settlement 
shall apply and the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(ii)
the Final Relevant Performance is less than the Put Strike, Physical Settlement shall 
apply and the Issuer's redemption obligations under the Securities shall be discharged on 
the Security Redemption Date by the Issuer (A) delivering or procuring the delivery of 
the Reference Asset Amount in respect of each Security, and (B) paying the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each Security. 
(r)
Discount Securities 
If "Discount Securities" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛(FRP; Cap)
(s)
Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is equal 
to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap)
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less 
than the Redemption Barrier, and: 
(A)
a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below:  
CA × (2 −Final Value
Initial Value)
(B)
a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1)
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap)
(2)
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −[PF1 × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Strike − Final Value
Initial Value ;  0)] ; Floor} ; Cap)

--- Page 318 ---
Payout Conditions 
305 
(t)
Twin Win with no Cap (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Twin Win with no Cap (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is equal 
to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × Final Value
Initial Value
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less 
than the Redemption Barrier, and: 
(A)
a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below:  
CA × (2 −Final Value
Initial Value)
(B)
a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1)
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × Final Value
Initial Value
(2)
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −[PF1 × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Strike −Final Value
Initial Value ; 0)] ;  Floor}
(u)
Barrier Event Redemption Amount (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Barrier Event Redemption Amount (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall 
be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(A)
if "Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap) ; Floor]
(B)
if "Cap" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥( Final Value
Initial Value ; Floor)

--- Page 319 ---
Payout Conditions 
306 
(v)
ELIOS Redemption Amount 
If "ELIOS Redemption Amount" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance 
with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is equal 
to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × (1 + Final Redemption Multiplier × Final Redemption Value)
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less 
than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × (Minimum Redemption Value + Final Value
Initial Value)
(w)
Best-of Bonus 
If "Best-of Bonus" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[Bonus; ( Best Final Value
Best Initial Value)]
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(A)
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × ( Worst Final Value
Worst Initial Value)
(B)
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −[PF1 × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Strike − Worst Final Value
Worst Initial Value ;  0)] ; Floor}
(x)
Capped Booster 1 
If "Capped Booster 1" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the formula below: 
CA + [CA × Participation × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{𝑀𝑎𝑥[( Final Value
Initial Value −Strike) ; Floor] ; Cap} × FXR]

--- Page 320 ---
Payout Conditions 
307 
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{Downside Cap; 𝑀𝑎𝑥[( Final Value
Initial Value) ; Downside Floor]}
(y)
Capped Booster 2 
If "Capped Booster 2" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the formula below: 
CA + [CA × Participation × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{𝑀𝑎𝑥[( Final Value
Initial Value −Strike) ; Floor] ; Cap} × FXR]
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has occurred and: 
(A)
the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is 
equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below: 
CA + [CA × Participation × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{𝑀𝑎𝑥[( Final Value
Initial Value −Strike) ; Floor] ; Cap} × FXR]
(B)
the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is 
less than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{Downside Cap; 𝑀𝑎𝑥[( Final Value
Initial Value) ; Downside Floor]}
(z)
Redemption Amount 6 
If "Redemption Amount 6" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
VCA + [CA × Participation × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Floor; FRP) × FXR]
(aa)
Bullish Securities 
If "Bullish Securities" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × [Protection + {Participation × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[Floor; (
FBV
Initial Value −Strike)]}]
(bb)
Redemption at par 
If "Redemption at par" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be the Calculation Amount. 
(cc)
Redemption Amount 7 (Single Reference Asset)

--- Page 321 ---
Payout Conditions 
308 
If "Redemption Amount 7 (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Knock-In Event has occurred, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Knock-In Event has not occurred and: 
(A)
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is equal to or greater than the Redemption 
Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(B)
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less than the Redemption Barrier, where 
the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(I)
"Barrier Event" to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that: 
(x) 
a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount 
shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(y) 
a Barrier Event has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap) ; Floor]
(II)
"Barrier Event" to be not applicable, the Security Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap) ; Floor]
(dd)
Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Knock-In Performance Event has occurred, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Knock-In Performance Event has not occurred 
and: 
(A)
the Final Value of the Final Worst Performance Reference Asset is equal to or 
greater than the Redemption Barrier in respect of such Final Worst Performance 
Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation 
Amount; 
(B)
the Final Value of the Final Worst Performance Reference Asset is less than the 
Redemption Barrier in respect of such Final Worst Performance Reference Asset, 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
(I)
"Barrier Performance Event" to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
if the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(x) 
a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or

--- Page 322 ---
Payout Conditions 
309 
(y) 
a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛(Final Relevant Performance(Worst of); Cap); Floor]
(II)
"Barrier Performance Event" to be not applicable, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛(Final Relevant Performance(Worst of); Cap); Floor]
(ee)
Call Warrants (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Call Warrants (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms: 
(i)
if "Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛[Cap; 𝑀𝑎𝑥( Final Value
Initial Value −Strike;  Floor)]
(ii)
if "Cap" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥( Final Value
Initial Value −Strike;  Floor)
(ff)
Call Warrants (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Call Warrants (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms: 
(i)
if "Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛[Cap; 𝑀𝑎𝑥(AFWAR −Strike; Floor)]
(ii)
if "Cap" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(AFWAR −Strike; Floor)
(gg)
Put Warrants (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Put Warrants (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms: 
(i)
if "Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛[Cap; 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Strike −Final Value
Initial Value ; Floor)]
(ii)
if "Cap" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below:

--- Page 323 ---
Payout Conditions 
310 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Strike −Final Value
Initial Value ; Floor)
(hh)
Put Warrants (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Put Warrants (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms: 
(i)
if "Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛[Cap; 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Strike −AFWAR; Floor)]
(ii)
if "Cap" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Strike −AFWAR; Floor)
(ii)
Delta One (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Delta One (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥( Final Value
Initial Value ; Floor)
(jj)
Delta One (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Delta One (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(AFWP; Floor)
(kk)
Twin Win II with Cap 
If "Twin Win II with Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is equal 
to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛(PF1 × Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap)
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less 
than the Redemption Barrier, and: 
(A)
a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
CA × PF2 × (2 −Final Value
Initial Value)
(B)
a Barrier Event has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below:

--- Page 324 ---
Payout Conditions 
311 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap)
(ll)
Twin Win II with no Cap 
If "Twin Win II with no Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is equal 
to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × PF1 × Final Value
Initial Value
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less 
than the Redemption Barrier, and: 
(A)
a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
CA × PF2 (2 −Final Value
Initial Value)
(B)
a Barrier Event has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
CA × Final Value
Initial Value
(mm)
Outperformance with Cap 
If "Outperformance with Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance 
with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Asset Performance (FAP)(Final/Initial) 
of Reference Asset 1 is equal to or greater than the Final Asset Performance 
(FAP)(Final/Initial) of Reference Asset 2, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA + CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛[(PF1 × ( RA 1 Final Value
RA 1 Initial Value −RA 2 Final Value
RA 2 Initial Value)) ; Cap]
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Asset Performance (FAP)(Final/Initial) 
of Reference Asset 1 is less than the Final Asset Performance (FAP)(Final/Initial) of 
Reference Asset 2, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA + CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[(PF2 × ( RA 1 Final Value
RA 1 Initial Value −RA 2 Final Value
RA 2 Initial Value)) ; Floor]
(nn)
Outperformance with no Cap 
If "Outperformance with no Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance 
with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable:

--- Page 325 ---
Payout Conditions 
312 
(i)
if the Final Asset Performance (FAP)(Final/Initial) of Reference Asset 1 is equal to or 
greater than the Final Asset Performance (FAP)(Final/Initial) of Reference Asset 2, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × [PF1 × ( RA 1 Final Value
RA 1 Initial Value −RA 2 Final Value
RA 2 Initial Value)]
(ii)
if the Final Asset Performance (FAP)(Final/Initial) of Reference Asset 1 is less than the 
Final Asset Performance (FAP)(Final/Initial) of Reference Asset 2, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[(PF2 × ( RA 1 Final Value
RA 1 Initial Value −RA 1 Final Value
RA 2 Initial Value)) ; Floor]
(oo)
Redemption Amount 1 (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Redemption Amount 1 (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Basket) is 
equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Basket) is less 
than the Redemption Barrier, then where the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(A)
"Barrier Performance Event" to be applicable, and: 
(I)
a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(II)
a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝑀𝑖𝑛(Final Relevant Performance (Basket); Cap); Floor] 
(B)
"Barrier Performance Event" to be not applicable, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝑀𝑖𝑛(Final Relevant Performance (Basket); Cap); Floor] 
(pp)
Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Basket) is 
equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛(Final Relevant Performance (Basket); Cap)
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Basket) is less 
than the Redemption Barrier, and:

--- Page 326 ---
Payout Conditions 
313 
(A)
a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below:  
CA × (2 - Final Relevant Performance (Basket))
(B)
a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛(Final Relevant Performance (Basket); Cap)
(qq)
Twin Win with no Cap (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Twin Win with no Cap (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Basket) is 
equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × Final Relevant Performance (Basket)
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Basket) is less 
than the Redemption Barrier, and: 
(A)
a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below:  
CA × (2 - Final Relevant Performance (Basket))
(B)
a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
CA × Final Relevant Performance (Basket)
(rr)
Barrier Event Redemption Amount (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Barrier Event Redemption Amount (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Security shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛(1; Final Relevant Performance (Basket))
(ss)
Downside Performance 
If "Downside Performance" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance 
with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is equal to or 
greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount;

--- Page 327 ---
Payout Conditions 
314 
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is less than the 
Redemption Barrier, then where the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(A)
"Barrier Performance Event" to be applicable, and: 
(I)
a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(II)
a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × (1 − 𝑀𝑎𝑥[Floor; (Put Strike − FRP)])
(B)
"Barrier Performance Event" to be not applicable, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula below: 
CA × (1 − 𝑀𝑎𝑥[Floor; (Put Strike − FRP)])
(tt)
Redemption Amount 8 
If "Redemption Amount 8" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is equal 
to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount; or 
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less 
than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[Floor; (1 −(Redemption Barrier −Final Value)
Initial Value
)]
(uu)
Olympus Redemption Amount 1  
If "Olympus Redemption Amount 1" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance 
with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is equal to or 
greater than the Redemption Barrier, and: 
(A)
a Barrier Event 1 has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{1 + [UpPFI × (FRP −1)]; UpCAP}
(B)
a Barrier Event 1 has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below:  
CA × PF1
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is less than the 
Redemption Barrier, and:

--- Page 328 ---
Payout Conditions 
315 
(A)
a Barrier Event 2 has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{1 −[DwnPFI × (FRP −1)]; Downside Cap}
(B)
a Barrier Event 2 has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below:  
CA × PF2
For the avoidance of doubt, "Olympus Redemption Amount 1" shall not apply where FRP or 
Final Relevant Performance is specified to be Final Relevant Performance (Best) or Final 
Relevant Performance (Worst).  
(vv)
Olympus Redemption Amount 2
If "Olympus Redemption Amount 2" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance 
with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is equal to or 
greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{1 + [UpPFI × (FRP −1)]; UpCAP}
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is less than the 
Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{1 −[DwnPFI × (FRP −1)]; Downside Cap}
For the avoidance of doubt, "Olympus Redemption Amount 2" shall not apply where FRP or 
Final Relevant Performance is specified to be Final Relevant Performance (Best) or Final 
Relevant Performance (Worst).  
(ww)
Hydra Redemption Amount  
If "Hydra Redemption Amount" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance 
with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is equal to or 
greater than the Redemption Barrier, and: 
(A)
a Barrier Event 1 has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{1 + [UpPFI × (FRP1 −1)]; UpCAP}
(B)
a Barrier Event 1 has occurred, and: 
(1)
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −[PF1 × (FRP1 −1)]; 0}

--- Page 329 ---
Payout Conditions 
316 
(2)
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −[PF1 × (FRP1 −Strike1)]; Floor1}
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is less than the 
Redemption Barrier, and: 
(A)
a Barrier Event 2 has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{1 −[DwnPFI × (FRP2 −1)]; Downside Cap}
(B)
a Barrier Event 2 has occurred, and: 
(1)
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 + [PF2 × (FRP2 −1)]; 0}
(2)
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −[PF2 × (Strike2 −FRP2)]; Floor2}
For the avoidance of doubt, "Hydra Redemption Amount" shall not apply where FRP or Final 
Relevant Performance is specified to be Final Relevant Performance (Best) or Final Relevant 
Performance (Worst).  
(xx)
Leveraged Put (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Leveraged Put (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is equal 
to or greater than the Put Strike, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount; or  
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less 
than the Put Strike, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × (1 −{
1
Strike × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[(Strike −Final Value
Initial Value) ; Floor]})
(yy)
Leveraged Put (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Leveraged Put (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is equal to or 
greater than the Put Strike, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation 
Amount; or

--- Page 330 ---
Payout Conditions 
317 
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is less than the 
Put Strike, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × (1 −{
1
Strike × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[(Strike −FRP); Floor]})
(zz)
Market Participation 
If "Market Participation" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if "CapUp" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below:  
CA × {100% + 𝑀𝑎𝑥(0; PPUp × FRP) + 𝑀𝑎𝑥[FloorDown;  𝑀𝑖𝑛(0;  PPDown ×  FRP)]}
(ii)
if "CapUp" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below:  
CA × {100% + 𝑀𝑎𝑥[0;  𝑀𝑖𝑛(CapUp;PPUp × FRP)] + 𝑀𝑎𝑥[FloorDown;  𝑀𝑖𝑛(0;  PPDown ×  FRP)]}
(aaa)
Outperformance II with Cap 
If "Outperformance II with Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i)
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is greater than or equal to the Initial Value of the 
Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × (1 + Participation × 𝑀𝑖𝑛[Cap −1; Final Value
Initial Value −1])
(ii)
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less than the Initial Value of the Reference 
Asset, and: 
(A)
"Cash Settlement" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, Cash 
Settlement shall apply and the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × Final Value
Initial Value ; or
(B)
"Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, Physical Settlement shall apply and the Issuer's redemption 
obligations under the Securities shall be discharged on the Security Redemption 
Date by the Issuer (I) delivering or procuring the delivery of the Reference Asset 
Amount in respect of each Security, and (II) paying the Residual Cash Amount 
(if any) in respect of each Security. 
(bbb)
Outperformance II with no Cap 
If "Outperformance II with no Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if 
the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i)
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is greater than or equal to the Initial Value of the 
Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:

--- Page 331 ---
Payout Conditions 
318 
CA × (1 + Participation × [ Final Value
Initial Value −1])
(ii)
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less than the Initial Value of the Reference 
Asset, and: 
(A)
"Cash Settlement" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, Cash 
Settlement shall apply and the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × Final Value
Initial Value ; or
(B)
"Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, Physical Settlement shall apply and the Issuer's redemption 
obligations under the Securities shall be discharged on the Security Redemption 
Date by the Issuer (I) delivering or procuring the delivery of the Reference Asset 
Amount in respect of each Security, and (II) paying the Residual Cash Amount 
(if any) in respect of each Security.
(ccc)
Double Barrier without Rebate 
If "Double Barrier without Rebate" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if 
the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i)
a Double Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × [Participation + (𝑀𝑎𝑥{
Final Value
Initial Value −1; 0} + 𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −
Final Value
Initial Value ; 0})]; or 
(ii)
a Double Barrier Event has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × Protection
(ddd)
Double Barrier with Rebate 
If "Double Barrier with Rebate" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i)
a Double Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × [Participation + (𝑀𝑎𝑥{
Final Value
Initial Value −1; 0} + 𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −
Final Value
Initial Value ; 0})]; or 
(ii)
a Double Barrier Event has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × [Protection + Rebate]
(eee)
Lock-in Event Redemption 
If "Lock-in Event Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance 
with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that either: 
(A)
no Barrier Event has occurred; or  
(B)
either (1) if "Coupon Lock-in Event for Redemption" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, a Coupon Lock-in Event has occurred in respect of

--- Page 332 ---
Payout Conditions 
319 
any Coupon Valuation Date, or (2) if "Coupon Lock-in Event for Redemption" is 
not specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Lock-in Event has 
occurred in respect of any Lock-in Valuation Date, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that both:  
(A)
a Barrier Event has occurred; and  
(B)
either (1) if "Coupon Lock-in Event for Redemption" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, no Coupon Lock-in Event has occurred in respect of 
any Coupon Valuation Date, or (2) if "Coupon Lock-in Event for Redemption" is 
not specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, no Lock-in Event has 
occurred in respect of any Lock-in Valuation Date,  
the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Floor;
FRP
Put Strike)
(fff)
Reverse Trigger 
If "Reverse Trigger" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × (1 + Reverse Trigger Bonus)
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, and: 
(A)
if "Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛(Participation × FRP; Cap); Floor]
(B)
if "Cap" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Participation × FRP; Floor)
(ggg)
Buffered Return Enhanced (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Buffered Return Enhanced (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is equal 
to or greater than its Initial Value, and: 
(A)
if "Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛[1 + (Upside Gearing × Asset Return); Cap]; or

--- Page 333 ---
Payout Conditions 
320 
(B)
if "Cap" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below:  
CA × [1 + (Upside Gearing × Asset Return)]
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less 
than its Initial Value but greater than or equal to the Redemption Barrier, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or  
(iii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less 
than its Initial Value and less than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[(1 + Asset Return) × Downside Gearing; Floor]
(hhh)
Barrier Event Redemption Amount (Basket of Reference Assets with Single Reference 
Asset Knock-In) 
If "Barrier Event Redemption Amount (Basket of Reference Assets with Single Reference Asset 
Knock-In)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that: 
(i)
a Single of a Basket Knock-In Event has occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii)
a Single of a Basket Knock-In Event has not occurred, and: 
(A)
a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount; or 
(B)
a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1)
"Cash Settlement" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛(100%;
Worst Final Value
Worst Initial Value) ; Floor]or 
(2)
"Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, Physical Settlement shall apply and the 
Issuer's redemption obligations under the Securities shall be discharged on 
the Security Redemption Date by the Issuer (I) delivering or procuring the 
delivery of the Reference Asset Amount in respect of each Security, and 
(II) paying the Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each Security. 
(iii)
Barrier Performance Event Redemption Amount (Basket of Reference Assets with Single 
Reference Asset Knock-In) 
If "Barrier Performance Event Redemption Amount (Basket of Reference Assets with Single 
Reference Asset Knock-In)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance 
with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Best) is greater 
than or equal to the Knock-In Best Performance Strike, the Security Redemption Amount 
shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Best) is less 
than the Knock-In Best Performance Strike, and

--- Page 334 ---
Payout Conditions 
321 
(A)
a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount 
shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(B)
a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛(100%; Worst Final Value
Worst Initial Value) ; Floor]
(jjj)
Drop Back Redemption Amount 
If "Drop Back Redemption Amount" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
and: 
(i)
"Cash Settlement" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[(Final Cash Allocation + Equity Performance); Floor]
(ii)
"Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, Physical Settlement shall apply and the Issuer's redemption obligations 
under the Securities shall be discharged on the Security Redemption Date by the Issuer 
(A) delivering or procuring the delivery of the Reference Asset Amount in respect of 
each Security, and (B) paying the Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each 
Security. 
(kkk)
Barrier Event Redemption Amount with Instalment Feature (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Barrier Event Redemption Amount with Instalment Feature (Single Reference Asset)" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in 
respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as 
applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × (1 −Instalment Percentage)
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(A)
if "Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × (1 −Instalment Percentage) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap) ; Floor]
(B)
if "Cap" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × (1 −Instalment Percentage) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥( Final Value
Initial Value ; Floor)
(lll)
Redemption of Fixed Amount 
If "Redemption of Fixed Amount" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be the Fixed Amount. 
(mmm) Daily Observation Final Redemption Amount

--- Page 335 ---
Payout Conditions 
322 
If "Daily Observation Final Redemption Amount" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
(i)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is equal 
to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × [Base Amount + (Annual Rate × Daily Observation Final Redemption DCF)]; or 
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less 
than the Redemption Barrier and: 
(A)
a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount; or  
(B)
a Barrier Event has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below:  
CA × Final Value
Initial Value
(nnn)
Currency Conversion 
If "Currency Conversion" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then 
notwithstanding any Payout Condition to the contrary, the Security Redemption Amount in 
respect of each Security shall be an amount in the Converted Currency determined as follows: 
(i)
the Calculation Agent shall determine the amount, prior to any rounding, that would have 
been payable in respect of each Security pursuant to the applicable formula and/or 
provisions in Payout Conditions 3(a) to 3(mmm) as is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms (such amount, the "Unconverted Amount"); and 
(ii)
the Calculation Agent shall notionally convert the Unconverted Amount into the 
Converted Currency at the Final FX Rate, and the amount in the Converted Currency 
resulting from such notional conversion shall be the Security Redemption Amount in 
respect of each Security. 
If "Currency Conversion" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the FX Rate 
shall only be used in these Payout Conditions to determine the Final FX Rate for the purposes 
of this Payout Condition 3(nnn) and shall not be used to determine any other variable or event 
in these Payout Conditions that is used to calculate and/or determine the Security Redemption 
Amount or, if applicable, Early Redemption Amount or Coupon Amount (including, without 
limitation, the Final Value, Initial Value, Reference Asset Closing Value, Reference Asset Intra-
Day Value, FRP, Barrier Event, Barrier Performance Event, Coupon Barrier Event, Coupon 
Event, Early Redemption Event or Daily Observation Early Redemption Event (in each case, if 
applicable)). 
(ooo)
Currency Conversion 2 
If "Currency Conversion 2" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then 
notwithstanding any Payout Condition to the contrary, the Security Redemption Amount in 
respect of each Security shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i)
the Calculation Agent shall first determine the amount, prior to any rounding, that would 
have been payable in respect of each Security pursuant to the applicable formula and/or 
provisions in Payout Conditions 3(a) to 3(mmm) as is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms (such amount, the "Unconverted Amount"); and 
(ii)
the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall then be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 336 ---
Payout Conditions 
323 
Unconverted Amount × FXR
4.
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a)
Definitions 
In these Payout Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have 
the respective meanings set out below: 
"Adjusted Asset Initial Valuation Date" means, in respect of Securities that relate to: (a) a 
single Reference Asset, the Initial Valuation Date, Initial Pricing Date, Final Averaging Date in 
respect of the Initial Valuation Date, or Specified Observation Date (as applicable) in respect of 
such Reference Asset after all adjustments (if any) to such date pursuant to the applicable 
Reference Asset Linked Conditions, or (b) a basket of Reference Assets, the latest Initial 
Valuation Date, Initial Pricing Date, Final Averaging Date in respect of the Initial Valuation 
Date, or Specified Observation Date (as applicable) to occur in respect of the Reference Assets 
after all adjustments (if any) to such dates pursuant to the applicable Reference Asset Linked 
Conditions. 
"Adjusted Asset Valuation Date" means, in respect of Securities that relate to: (a) a single 
Reference Asset, the Valuation Date, Final Pricing Date or Final Averaging Date in respect of 
the Valuation Date (as applicable) in respect of such Reference Asset after all adjustments (if 
any) to such date pursuant to the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions, or (b) a basket 
of Reference Assets, the latest Valuation Date, Final Pricing Date or Final Averaging Date in 
respect of the Valuation Date (as applicable) to occur in respect of the Reference Assets after 
all adjustments (if any) to such dates pursuant to the applicable Reference Asset Linked 
Conditions. 
"Adjusted Share Valuation Date" means the Valuation Date in respect of the Deliverable 
Reference Asset after all adjustments (if any) to such date pursuant to the Share Linked 
Provisions. 
"AFWP" means Aggregate Final Weighted Performance.  
"AFWAR" means Aggregate Final Weighted Asset Return.  
"Aggregate Final Weighted Asset Return" means the aggregate of the Final Weighted Asset 
Return of each Reference Asset in the Basket of Reference Assets, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Aggregate Final Weighted Performance" means the aggregate of the Final Weighted 
Performance (Final/Initial) of each Reference Asset in the Basket of Reference Assets, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Aggregate Preceding Coupon Amounts" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of each Security as being equal to the 
aggregate amount of all Coupon Amounts (if any) paid in respect of all Coupon Payment Dates 
(if any) preceding such Coupon Payment Date for each Security, provided that if there are no 
preceding Coupon Payment Dates and/or no Coupon Amount has been paid prior to such 
Coupon Payment Date, then the APCA for such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
"Allocation (i)" means, in respect of each "i", an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Annual Rate" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"APCA" means Aggregate Preceding Coupon Amounts.  
"AP(CVD)" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and where the Securities relate to: 
(a)
a single Reference Asset, the Asset Performance of the Reference Asset in respect of 
such Coupon Valuation Date; or

--- Page 337 ---
Payout Conditions 
324 
(b)
a Basket of Reference Assets, the Relevant Performance (Basket) in respect of such 
Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Asset Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Asset and any relevant day, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Value(t)
Initial Value
"Asset Return" means, in respect of a Reference Asset, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Value −Initial Value
Initial Value
"Averaging Date", in respect of:  
(a)
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions;  
(b)
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions; 
(c)
an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions; and 
(d)
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions. 
"Averaging Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of the Reference Asset and an Initial Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable) for such Reference Asset, 
the period commencing on the relevant Averaging Observation Period Start Date and ending on 
the relevant Averaging Observation Period End Date. 
"Averaging Observation Period End Date" means, in respect of the Reference Asset and an 
Initial Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation 
Date (as applicable), the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the 
last day of the Averaging Observation Period, and shall be included or excluded from the 
Averaging Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Averaging Observation Period Start Date" means, in respect of the Reference Asset and an 
Initial Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation 
Date (as applicable), the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the 
first day of the relevant Averaging Observation Period, and shall be included or excluded from 
the Averaging Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means:  
(a)
if "Barrier Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date and an Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period corresponding to the Barrier 
Reference Date (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference 
Asset Closing Value of any Reference Asset on such Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier 
Event Strike" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike in respect of 
such Reference Asset, (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike" is applicable, less than the 
Barrier Event Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, (iii) "greater than or equal to 
Barrier Event Strike" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike in 
respect of such Reference Asset or (iv) "greater than Barrier Event Strike" is applicable, 
greater than the Barrier Event Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, each as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(b)
if "Barrier Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date and an Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period corresponding to the Barrier

--- Page 338 ---
Payout Conditions 
325 
Reference Date (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference 
Asset Intra-Day Value of any Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal 
to Barrier Event Strike" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike in 
respect of such Reference Asset, (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike" is applicable, less 
than the Barrier Event Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, (iii) "greater than or 
equal to Barrier Event Strike" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Barrier Event 
Strike in respect of such Reference Asset or (iv) "greater than Barrier Event Strike" is 
applicable, greater than the Barrier Event Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, each 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c)
if "Barrier Reference Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Asset 
Closing Value of any Reference Asset on the Barrier Reference Date is, if the relevant 
Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Event Strike" is applicable, less 
than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, (ii) "less 
than Barrier Event Strike" is applicable, less than the Barrier Event Strike in respect of 
such Reference Asset, (iii) "greater than or equal to Barrier Event Strike" is applicable, 
greater than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike in respect of such Reference Asset or 
(iv) "greater than Barrier Event Strike" is applicable, greater than the Barrier Event Strike 
in respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(d)
if "Final Value Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, (and a 
Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Final Value of any Reference 
Asset is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Event 
Strike" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike in respect of such 
Reference Asset, (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike" is applicable, less than the Barrier 
Event Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, (iii) "greater than or equal to Barrier 
Event Strike" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike in respect of 
such Reference Asset or (iv) "greater than Barrier Event Strike" is applicable, greater 
than the Barrier Event Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
"Barrier Event 1" means:  
(a)
if "Barrier Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date 1 and an Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period 1 corresponding to the Barrier 
Reference Date 1 (and a Barrier Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred if), the 
Reference Asset Closing Value of any Reference Asset on such Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to 
Barrier Event Strike 1" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 1 in 
respect of such Reference Asset, (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike 1" is applicable, less 
than the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset, (iii) "greater than or 
equal to Barrier Event Strike 1" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Barrier Event 
Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset or (iv) "greater than Barrier Event Strike 1" 
is applicable, greater than the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(b)
if "Barrier Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date 1 and an Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period 1 corresponding to the Barrier 
Reference Date 1 (and a Barrier Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred if), the 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of any Reference Asset at any time on such 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) 
"less than or equal to Barrier Event Strike 1" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier 
Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset, (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike 1" 
is applicable, less than the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset, (iii) 
"greater than or equal to Barrier Event Strike 1" is applicable, greater than or equal to 
the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset or (iv) "greater than Barrier

--- Page 339 ---
Payout Conditions 
326 
Event Strike 1" is applicable, greater than the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such 
Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c)
if "Barrier Reference Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, (and a Barrier Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Asset 
Closing Value of any Reference Asset on the Barrier Reference Date 1 is, if the relevant 
Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Event Strike 1" is applicable, 
less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset, (ii) 
"less than Barrier Event Strike 1" is applicable, less than the Barrier Event Strike 1 in 
respect of such Reference Asset, (iii) "greater than or equal to Barrier Event Strike 1" is 
applicable, greater than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference 
Asset or (iv) "greater than Barrier Event Strike 1" is applicable, greater than the Barrier 
Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or 
(d)
if "Final Value Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, (and a 
Barrier Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Final Value of any Reference 
Asset is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Event 
Strike 1" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such 
Reference Asset, (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike 1" is applicable, less than the Barrier 
Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset, (iii) "greater than or equal to Barrier 
Event Strike 1" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect 
of such Reference Asset or (iv) "greater than Barrier Event Strike 1" is applicable, greater 
than the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Barrier Event 2" means:  
(a)
if "Barrier Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date 2 and an Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period 2 corresponding to the Barrier 
Reference Date 2 (and a Barrier Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred if), the 
Reference Asset Closing Value of any Reference Asset on such Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to 
Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 2 in 
respect of such Reference Asset, (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, less 
than the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset, (iii) "greater than or 
equal to Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Barrier Event 
Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset or (iv) "greater than Barrier Event Strike 2" 
is applicable, greater than the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(b)
if "Barrier Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date 2 and an Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period 2 corresponding to the Barrier 
Reference Date 2 (and a Barrier Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred if), the 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of any Reference Asset at any time on such 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) 
"less than or equal to Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier 
Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset, (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike 2" 
is applicable, less than the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset, (iii) 
"greater than or equal to Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, greater than or equal to 
the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset or (iv) "greater than Barrier 
Event Strike 2" is applicable, greater than the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect of such 
Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c)
if "Barrier Reference Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, (and a Barrier Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Asset 
Closing Value of any Reference Asset on the Barrier Reference Date 2 is, if the relevant 
Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, 
less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset, (ii)

--- Page 340 ---
Payout Conditions 
327 
"less than Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, less than the Barrier Event Strike 2 in 
respect of such Reference Asset, (iii) "greater than or equal to Barrier Event Strike 2" is 
applicable, greater than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference 
Asset or (iv) "greater than Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, greater than the Barrier 
Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset,  each as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or 
(d)
if "Final Value Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, (and a 
Barrier Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Final Value of any Reference 
Asset is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Event 
Strike 2" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect of such 
Reference Asset, (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, less than the Barrier 
Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset, (iii) "greater than or equal to Barrier 
Event Strike 2" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect 
of such Reference Asset or (iv) "greater than Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, greater 
than the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset,  each as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Barrier Event Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in 
respect of the Initial Value of a Reference Asset. 
"Barrier Event Strike 1" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in 
respect of the Initial Value of a Reference Asset. 
"Barrier Event Strike 2" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in 
respect of the Initial Value of a Reference Asset. 
"Barrier Observation Period" means: 
(a)
if "Barrier Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of a Reference Asset and a Barrier Reference Date for such Reference Asset, 
the period commencing on the relevant Barrier Observation Period Start Date and ending 
on the relevant Barrier Observation Period End Date. Where the Securities relate to a 
Basket of Reference Assets, there shall be a separate Barrier Observation Period for each 
Reference Asset in respect of the Barrier Reference Date; or 
(b)
if "Barrier Observation Period 1" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of a Reference Asset and a Barrier Reference Date 1 for such Reference Asset, 
the period commencing on the relevant Barrier Observation Period Start Date 1 and 
ending on the relevant Barrier Observation Period End Date 1 (the "Barrier 
Observation Period 1"). Where the Securities relate to a Basket of Reference Assets, 
there shall be a separate Barrier Observation Period 1 for each Reference Asset in respect 
of the Barrier Reference Date 1; or 
(c)
if "Barrier Observation Period 2" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of a Reference Asset and a Barrier Reference Date 2 for such Reference Asset, 
the period commencing on the relevant Barrier Observation Period Start Date 2 and 
ending on the relevant Barrier Observation Period End Date 2 (the "Barrier 
Observation Period 2"). Where the Securities relate to a Basket of Reference Assets, 
there shall be a separate Barrier Observation Period 2 for each Reference Asset in respect 
of the Barrier Reference Date 2. 
"Barrier Observation Period End Date" means, if "Barrier Observation Period" is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a Barrier 
Reference Date for such Reference Asset, such Barrier Reference Date for such Reference 
Asset, which shall be the last day of the relevant Barrier Observation Period, and shall be 
included or excluded from the Barrier Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue 
Terms.  
"Barrier Observation Period End Date 1" means, if "Barrier Observation Period 1" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a

--- Page 341 ---
Payout Conditions 
328 
Barrier Reference Date 1 for such Reference Asset, such Barrier Reference Date 1 for such 
Reference Asset, which shall be the last day of the relevant Barrier Observation Period 1, and 
shall be included or excluded from the Barrier Observation Period 1, as provided in the relevant 
Issue Terms.  
"Barrier Observation Period End Date 2" means, if "Barrier Observation Period 2" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a 
Barrier Reference Date 2 for such Reference Asset, such Barrier Reference Date 2 for such 
Reference Asset, which shall be the last day of the relevant Barrier Observation Period 2, and 
shall be included or excluded from the Barrier Observation Period 2, as provided in the relevant 
Issue Terms.  
"Barrier Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Barrier Observation Period" is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a Barrier 
Reference Date for such Reference Asset, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, 
which shall be the first day of the relevant Barrier Observation Period, and shall be included or 
excluded from the Barrier Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Barrier Observation Period Start Date 1" means, if "Barrier Observation Period 1" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a 
Barrier Reference Date 1 for such Reference Asset, the date specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant Barrier Observation Period 1, and shall 
be included or excluded from the Barrier Observation Period 1, as provided in the relevant Issue 
Terms.  
"Barrier Observation Period Start Date 2" means, if "Barrier Observation Period 2" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a 
Barrier Reference Date 2 for such Reference Asset, the date specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant Barrier Observation Period 2, and shall 
be included or excluded from the Barrier Observation Period 2, as provided in the relevant Issue 
Terms.  
"Barrier Performance Event" means:  
(a)
if "Barrier Performance Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date and an Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation) falling in the Barrier Performance Observation Period 
corresponding to the Barrier Reference Date (and a Barrier Performance Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred if), the Relevant Performance in respect of such Observation 
Date (Closing Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal 
to Barrier Performance Strike" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Performance 
Strike, (ii) "less than Barrier Performance Strike" is applicable, less than the Barrier 
Performance Strike, (iii) "greater than or equal to Barrier Performance Strike" is 
applicable, greater than or equal to the Barrier Performance Strike or (iv) "greater than 
Barrier Performance Strike" is applicable, greater than the Barrier Performance Strike, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(b)
if "Barrier Performance Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date and an Observation 
Date (Intra-Day Valuation) falling in the Barrier Performance Observation Period 
corresponding to the Barrier Reference Date (and a Barrier Performance Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred if), the Relevant Performance at any time in respect of such 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) 
"less than or equal to Barrier Performance Strike" is applicable, less than or equal to the 
Barrier Performance Strike, (ii) "less than Barrier Performance Strike" is applicable, less 
than the Barrier Performance Strike, (iii) "greater than or equal to Barrier Performance 
Strike" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Barrier Performance Strike or (iv) 
"greater than Barrier Performance Strike" is applicable, greater than the Barrier 
Performance Strike, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or

--- Page 342 ---
Payout Conditions 
329 
(c)
if "Barrier Performance Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
(and a Barrier Performance Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Relevant 
Performance in respect of the Barrier Reference Date is, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Performance Strike" is applicable, less than 
or equal to the Barrier Performance Strike, (ii) "less than Barrier Performance Strike" is 
applicable, less than the Barrier Performance Strike, (iii) "greater than or equal to Barrier 
Performance Strike" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Barrier Performance Strike 
or (iv) "greater than Barrier Performance Strike" is applicable, greater than the Barrier 
Performance Strike, each as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Barrier Performance Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset, the period commencing on the relevant 
Barrier Performance Observation Period Start Date and ending on the relevant Barrier 
Performance Observation Period End Date. Where the Securities relate to a Basket of Reference 
Assets, there shall be a separate Barrier Performance Observation Period for each Reference 
Asset in respect of the Barrier Reference Date. 
"Barrier Performance Observation Period End Date" means, if "Barrier Performance 
Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a 
Reference Asset and the Barrier Reference Date for such Reference Asset, such Barrier 
Reference Date for such Reference Asset, which shall be the last day of the relevant Barrier 
Performance Observation Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Barrier 
Performance Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Performance Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Barrier Performance 
Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a 
Reference Asset, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first 
day of the relevant Barrier Performance Observation Period, and shall be included or excluded 
from the Barrier Performance Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Performance Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Reference Date" means the Valuation Date, the Final Pricing Date, the FX Valuation 
Date, the Final Averaging Date in respect of the Valuation Date or any other date specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Barrier Reference Date 1" means the Valuation Date, the Final Pricing Date, the FX 
Valuation Date, the Final Averaging Date in respect of the Valuation Date or any other date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Barrier Reference Date 2" means the Valuation Date, the Final Pricing Date, the FX 
Valuation Date, the Final Averaging Date in respect of the Valuation Date or any other date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Base Amount" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Basket of Reference Assets" means:  
(a)
a basket of Shares; or 
(b)
a basket of Indices; or 
(c)
a basket of Commodities;  
(d)
a basket of Commodity Indices; 
(e)
a basket of FX Rates; 
(f)
a basket of Funds; or

--- Page 343 ---
Payout Conditions 
330 
(g)
a basket of any of the above Reference Assets, 
each, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Best Final Value" means the Final Value of the Best Reference Asset. 
"Best Initial Value" means the Initial Value of the Best Reference Asset. 
"Best Reference Asset" means, in respect of any relevant day, the Reference Asset with the 
highest Asset Return on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent (provided that if two 
or more Reference Assets have the same highest Asset Return on such day, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine which such Reference Asset shall be the Best Reference Asset in its sole 
and absolute discretion, and such Reference Asset shall be the Best Reference Asset for such 
day). 
"Bonus" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Buffer Percentage" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Business Day Convention" has the meaning given in the General Conditions. 
"CA" means the Calculation Amount.  
"Calculation Amount" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Cap" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"CapUp" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"CF" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"CFDM" means the Coupon Factor Denominator Multiplier. 
"Closing Commodity Index Level" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked 
Provisions. 
"Closing Fund Price" has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions.  
"Closing Index Level" has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions. 
"Closing Share Price" has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions. 
"Commodity" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Provisions. 
"Commodity Index" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Provisions. 
"Commodity Index Level" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Provisions. 
"Commodity Price" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Provisions. 
"Commodity Reference Price" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Provisions. 
"Contingent Floating Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation 
of the Coupon Amount payable on such date: 
(a)
where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner 
in which the Contingent Floating Rate is to be determined, the Contingent Floating Rate 
(Screen Rate) determined in respect of such Coupon Payment Date and the calculation 
of the Coupon Amount payable on such date; 
(b)
where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Contingent Floating Rate is to be determined, the Contingent Floating Rate

--- Page 344 ---
Payout Conditions 
331 
(ISDA Rate) determined in respect of such Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of 
the Coupon Amount payable on such date; 
(c)
where SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination) is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the Contingent Floating Rate is to be 
determined, the Contingent Floating Rate (SONIA (Non-Index Determination)) 
determined in respect of such Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon 
Amount payable on such date; 
(d)
where SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index Determination) is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the Contingent Floating Rate is to be 
determined, the Contingent Floating Rate (SONIA (Index Determination)) determined 
in respect of such Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount 
payable on such date; 
(e)
where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Contingent Floating Rate is to be determined and save where Index 
Determination applies, the Contingent Floating Rate (SOFR (Non-Index Determination)) 
determined in respect of such Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon 
Amount payable on such date; 
(f)
where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Contingent Floating Rate is to be determined and where Index 
Determination is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Contingent Floating Rate (SOFR (Index Determination)) determined in respect of such 
Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date; 
(g)
where TONA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Contingent Floating Rate is to be determined, the Contingent 
Floating Rate (TONA Determination) determined in respect of such Coupon Payment 
Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date; or 
(h)
where €STR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Contingent Floating Rate is to be determined, the Contingent 
Floating Rate (€STR Determination) determined in respect of such Coupon Payment 
Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date, 
provided that the provisions of General Condition 8.2(c) (Consequences of an Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event) shall apply to such Contingent 
Floating Rate as if the relevant Reference Asset Linked Coupon Notes or Reference Asset 
Linked Coupon Certificates were Floating Rate Coupon Certificates. 
"Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the period from, and including (or in the case of Swedish Securities, but excluding), 
the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding (or in the case of Swedish Notes, and 
including) the first Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date and each successive 
period from, and including (or in the case of Swedish Securities, but excluding), a Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date to, but excluding (or in the case of Swedish Securities, 
and including), the next succeeding Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date.  
"Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date" means each date specified as such in 
the relevant Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, each Coupon Payment Date and if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify, in respect of such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End 
Date: (a) "Adjusted", such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date shall be adjusted 
in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention if so specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; or (b) "Unadjusted", such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date shall not 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date" means, with respect to a Contingent 
Floating Rate and a Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period, unless otherwise provided in the 
relevant Issue Terms:

--- Page 345 ---
Payout Conditions 
332 
(a)
subject where any of (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) or (h) below applies: 
(i)
the first day of such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period if the Specified 
Currency is Sterling; 
(ii)
the day falling two TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the first day of such 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period if the Specified Currency is euro; 
(iii)
the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to 
the first day of such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither Sterling nor euro; 
(b)
where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the date on which 
the applicable rate is determined in accordance with the applicable Floating Rate Option 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c)
where SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination) is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the fifth day on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London prior to the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date in respect of 
each Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period; 
(d)
where SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index Determination) is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date in respect 
of the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period; 
(e)
where (i) SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified to be applicable and (ii) Index 
Determination is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the second 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period End Date in respect of each Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period; 
(f)
where (i) SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified to be applicable and (ii) Index 
Determination is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the day falling 
the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date in respect of each Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period; 
(g)
where TONA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "p" 
Business Days prior to the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date of the 
relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period; or 
(h)
where €STR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "p" 
TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End 
Date in respect of each Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
"Contingent Floating Rate (€STR Determination)" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date, a rate equal to 
Compounded Daily €STR as determined in respect of the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date. For the purposes of this definition of Contingent Floating Rate (€STR 
Determination), "Compounded Daily €STR" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Determination Date (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards): 
(1)
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, as follows:

--- Page 346 ---
Payout Conditions 
333 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑
(2)
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝑆𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
€STR only compounds the €STR rate in respect of any TARGET2 Settlement Day. The €STR 
reference rate applied to a day that is not a TARGET2 Settlement Day will be taken by applying 
the €STR reference rate for the previous TARGET2 Settlement Day but without compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following meanings: 
"d" means: 
(i)
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii)
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Period. 
"d0" means: 
(i)
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the number of TARGET2 Settlement Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; and 
(ii)
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the number of TARGET2 Settlement Days in the relevant 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period, except if the first calendar day of the 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period is not a TARGET2 Settlement Day, then 
it is the number of TARGET2 Settlement Days in the relevant Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period plus 1. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET2 Settlement Day in chronological order: 
(i)
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, from, and including, the first TARGET2 Settlement Day in the 
relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last TARGET2 Settlement Day 
in such Observation Period; and 
(ii)
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, from, and including, the first TARGET2 Settlement Day in the 
relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period to, and including, the last 
TARGET2 Settlement Day in such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period, 
except that, if the first calendar day of the relevant Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Period is not a TARGET2 Settlement Day, it means a series of whole 
numbers from 1 to d0, where i=1 represents the first calendar day of such 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period, and each of i=2 to d0 represents the 
relevant TARGET2 Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first TARGET2 Settlement Day in the relevant Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Period to, and including, the last TARGET2 Settlement Day in such 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period.

--- Page 347 ---
Payout Conditions 
334 
"ni" for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day 
"i" up to, but excluding, the earlier of (i) the following TARGET2 Settlement Day and 
(ii) the last day of the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of a Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period, 
the period from, and including, the date falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to 
the first day of such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date for such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period 
(or the date falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Securities become due and payable). 
"p" means five TARGET2 Settlement Days or such number of TARGET2 Settlement 
Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"€STRi" or "€STR rate" in respect of any TARGET2 Settlement Day "i", in the relevant 
Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate 
("€STR") for such TARGET2 Settlement Day as provided by the administrator of €STR 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the TARGET2 
Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET2 Settlement Day). 
"€STRi-pTSD" in respect of any day "i", in the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period, means a reference rate equal to €STR for the TARGET2 Settlement Day falling 
"p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such day "i", except that where i=1 and the first 
calendar day of the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period is not a TARGET2 
Settlement Day, it means a reference rate equal to €STR for the TARGET2 Settlement 
Day falling "p"+1 TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such day "i", in each case as 
provided by the administrator of €STR to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors (on the TARGET2 Settlement Day immediately following the 
TARGET2 Settlement Day falling "p" or "p"+1, as applicable TARGET2 Settlement 
Days prior to such day "i"). 
∏
⬚
𝑛
𝑖=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
360) −1
30
𝑖=1
]
means [(1 + X1 / 360 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2  / 360 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 360 ) – 1]. 
If, in respect of any relevant TARGET2 Settlement Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the €STR rate is not available on the relevant Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the Calculation Agent will 
determine such €STR rate as being the €STR rate published on the relevant Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding 
TARGET2 Settlement Day on which the €STR rate was published on such Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). If the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is unable to determine the €STR rate in accordance with the preceding 
sentence, the €STR rate in respect of the relevant TARGET2 Settlement Day shall be 
such other rate as determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources 
as it considers appropriate and any alternative benchmarks then available and taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market). 
"Contingent Floating Rate (ISDA Rate)" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and 
the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date, a rate equal to the ISDA Rate in 
respect of the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period ending on or immediately before such 
Coupon Payment Date that would be determined by the Calculation Agent (each as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions) under an interest rate swap transaction ("Swap Transaction") under the

--- Page 348 ---
Payout Conditions 
335 
terms of an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions, and under 
which: 
(a)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(b)
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
(c)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
(d)
the relevant Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
(if any) is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
provided that if, prior to: 
(I)
the occurrence of an Index Cessation Effective Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
in respect of the ISDA Rate; and 
(II)
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date (as defined in the 2021 
Definitions); and 
(III)
the application of any provision relating to discontinued rates maturities (as described in 
the ISDA Definitions), 
the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot be determined in accordance with 
the ISDA Definitions read with paragraphs (a) to (d) above, then the ISDA Rate for a Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period (or relevant day, as applicable) shall be such rate as is determined 
by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard 
to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards 
in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). For the purposes 
of Contingent Floating Rate (ISDA Rate), terms used for the purpose of determining the relevant 
ISDA Rate under the relevant ISDA Definitions shall have the meanings given to those terms 
in the relevant ISDA Definitions as read together with General Condition 31.3 (ISDA 
Determination Additional Provisions). 
"Contingent Floating Rate (Screen Rate)" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and 
the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date, a rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date in respect of such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period in accordance 
with the following: 
(A)
the Contingent Floating Rate shall be: 
(1)
the offered quotation; or 
(2)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations; or 
(3)
the rate provided by the relevant administrator, 
in each case expressed as a percentage rate per annum, of the Reference Rate appearing 
on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date; 
(B)
(subject as provided in paragraph (C) below in respect of a Reference Rate that is a Swap 
Rate) if sub-paragraph (A)(1) above applies and no such offered quotation appears on 
the Page at the Relevant Time on the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Determination 
Date or if sub-paragraph (A)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (A)(3) above applies and the Reference 
Rate does not appear on the relevant Page and the Reference Rate is not published by the 
administrator of the Reference Rate or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise

--- Page 349 ---
Payout Conditions 
336 
provided by the administrator of the Reference Rate, in each case as of the Relevant 
Time, then a " Contingent Floating Rate Disruption" ("Contingent Floating Rate 
Disruption") shall have occurred and the Contingent Floating Rate shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, having 
regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market). For the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, the Calculation Agent may 
determine the relevant Contingent Floating Rate by reference to one or more of the 
following methods: 
(1)
the Contingent Floating Rate may be the Adjusted Arithmetic Mean of the offered 
quotations that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Determination Date, provided that the Calculation Agent determines that 
at least two such Reference Banks are so quoting Reference Rates; 
(2)
the Contingent Floating Rate may be the rate formally recommended for use by 
the administrator of the Reference Rate or the supervisor or competent authority 
(or a committee endorsed or convened by any such entity) responsible for 
supervising the Reference Rate or the administrator thereof; and 
(3)
the Contingent Floating Rate may be the Reference Rate last provided or 
published by the relevant administrator; or 
(C)
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (B) above, where a Contingent Floating Rate Disruption 
has occurred in respect of a Reference Rate that is a Swap Rate, the Contingent Floating 
Rate for such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date (or other day (as 
applicable)) shall be such commercially reasonable alternative rate as is determined by 
the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
having regard to such sources as it considers appropriate and any alternative benchmark 
then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Contingent Floating Rate to be determined 
on a Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date, the date specified as such in 
the relevant Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of the Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period to which such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date relates. 
"Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters Markets 3000), as may be 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms for the purpose of providing a Reference Rate, or 
such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or on such other information service, in each case as may be 
nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference 
Rate. 
"Reference Banks" means each institution specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, if none, each major bank selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market 
(or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most 
closely connected with the Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, 
shall be the Euro-zone). 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Contingent Floating Rate 
(Screen Rate) to be determined on a Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Determination 
Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Reference Rate is most

--- Page 350 ---
Payout Conditions 
337 
closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none 
is so connected, London. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial 
Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits 
in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and 
for this purpose "local time" means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a 
Relevant Financial Centre, 11.00 hours, Brussels Time. 
"Contingent Floating Rate (SOFR (Index Determination))" means, in respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date, a rate calculated 
by reference to the following formula and based on the SOFR Index (as defined below) (the 
"SOFR Compounded Index") and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards: 
Compounded Daily SOFR = 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × 360
𝑑𝑐
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following meanings: 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SOFR 
IndexEnd is determined; 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such index (or any successor administrator of such index) as such index 
appears on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website of any successor 
administrator for the publication of such index at 3:00 pm New York City time; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Date for the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period; 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SOFR Index value has not been provided or 
published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor administrator) or 
authorised distributors or the relevant website is not available, the relevant SOFR Index value 
will be the last provided or published value for the SOFR Index prior to the day on which the 
SOFR Index value is required. If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to determine 
the SOFR Index value in accordance with the preceding sentence, the SOFR Index value in 
respect of the relevant determination date shall be such other rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate and any 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in 
any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market).

--- Page 351 ---
Payout Conditions 
338 
"Contingent Floating Rate (SOFR (Non-Index Determination))" means, in respect of a 
Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following meanings: 
"d" means: 
(i)
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Lag" as the applicable Observation 
Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Period; or  
(ii)
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Shift" as the applicable Observation 
Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period;  
"d0" means: 
(i)
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Lag" as the applicable Observation 
Method, in respect of any Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period, the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Contingent Floating 
Rate Coupon Period, except if the first calendar day of the Contingent Floating 
Rate Coupon Period is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, then it is 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period plus 1; or  
(ii)
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Shift" as the applicable Observation 
Method, in respect of any SOFR Observation Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"i" means: 
(i)
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Lag" as the applicable Observation 
Method, a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period, except that, if the first calendar day of 
the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, it means a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, where 
i=1 represents the first calendar day of such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period, and each of i=2 to d0 represents the relevant U.S. Government  Securities 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government  Securities Business Day in the relevant Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Period to, and including, the last U.S. Government  Securities Business 
Day in such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period; or 
(ii)
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Shift" as the applicable Observation 
Method, a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant the 
SOFR Observation Period; 
"ni" for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from and including, such day 
"i" up to but excluding, the earlier of (i) the following U.S. Government Securities

--- Page 352 ---
Payout Conditions 
339 
Business Day and (ii) the last day of the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period;  
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"SOFR Observation Period" means in respect of each Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Period, the period from and including the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first date in such Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Period to but excluding the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date in respect of the 
relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period; 
"SOFR Reference Rate", in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
("USBDx"), is a reference rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing ("SOFR") 
rate for such USBDx as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website or the website of any successor administrator for the publication of such rate (the 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website") (in each case, on or about 3:00 p.m., New 
York City time, on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following 
such USBDx) or if the New York Federal Reserve's Website is unavailable as otherwise 
published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator; 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means: 
(a)
where in the relevant Issue Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, 
(save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) in respect of any day "i" falling in 
the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period, the SOFR Reference Rate 
for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such day "i", except that where i=1 and the first 
calendar day of the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, it means a reference rate equal to the SOFR 
Reference Rate for the U.S. Government Securities Business Days falling "p"+1 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day "i"; or 
(b)
where in the relevant Issue Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, 
(save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in respect 
of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for such day;  
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities; and 
∏
⬚
𝑛
𝑖=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
360) −1
30
𝑖=1
]
means [(1 + X1 / 360 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2  / 360 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 360 ) – 1]. 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SOFR has not been provided or 
published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor administrator) 
or authorised distributors or the relevant website is not available, the relevant SOFR will

--- Page 353 ---
Payout Conditions 
340 
be the last provided or published value for the SOFR prior to the day on which the SOFR 
is required. If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to determine the SOFR 
in accordance with the preceding sentence, the SOFR in respect of the relevant 
determination date shall be such other rate as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate and any alternative 
benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
"Contingent Floating Rate (SONIA (Index Determination))" means, in respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date, a rate calculated 
by reference to the screen rate or index administered by the administrator of the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or 
other information service from time to time at the relevant time on the relevant determination 
dates specified below (the "SONIA Compounded Index") and the following formula: 
Compounded Daily SONIA = 
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑦
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑥
−1) × 365
𝑑
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following meanings: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which "x" 
is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which "y" is determined;  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"x" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation 
to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period; and 
"y" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation 
to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date of the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period. 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SONIA Compounded Index value has not been 
provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor 
administrator) or authorised distributors or the relevant website is not available, the relevant 
SONIA Compounded Index value will be the last such value provided for the SONIA 
Compounded Index. If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to determine the 
SONIA Compounded Index in accordance with the preceding sentence, the SONIA 
Compounded Index in respect of the relevant determination date shall be such other rate as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate 
and any alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
"Contingent Floating Rate (SONIA (Non-Index Determination))" means, in respect of a 
Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date, a rate 
equal to Compounded Daily SONIA as determined in respect of the Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Determination Date. For the purposes of this definition of Contingent Floating Rate 
(SONIA (Non-Index Determination)), "Compounded Daily SONIA" means the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
the relevant the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards): 
(1)
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, as follows:

--- Page 354 ---
Payout Conditions 
341 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑
(2)
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA only compounds the SONIA rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA 
rate applied to a day that is not a London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA 
rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following meanings: 
"d" means: 
(i)
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period; and 
(ii)
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
"d0" means: 
(i)
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; and 
(ii)
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period, except if the first calendar day of the 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period is not a London Banking Day, then it is 
the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Period plus 1. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order: 
(i)
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the 
relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last London Banking Day in 
such Observation Period; and 
(ii)
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the 
relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period to, and including, the last 
London Banking Day in such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period, except 
that, if the first calendar day of the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period is not a London Banking Day, it means a series of whole numbers from 1 
to d0, where i=1 represents the first calendar day of such Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Period, and each of i=2 to d0 represents the relevant London Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in 
the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period to, and including, the last 
London Banking Day in such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period.

--- Page 355 ---
Payout Conditions 
342 
"ni" for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day 
"i" up to, but excluding, the earlier of (i) the following London Banking Day and (ii) the 
last day of the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period, 
the period from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the 
first day of such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period and ending on, but excluding, 
the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period End Date for such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period (or the date falling 
"p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Securities 
become due and payable). 
"p" means five London Banking Days or such number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"SONIAi" or "SONIA rate", in respect of any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant 
Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator 
of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the relevant Page or, if 
such Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day). 
"SONIAi-pLBD" in respect of any day "i", in the relevant Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA) rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days 
prior to such day "i", except that where i=1 and the first calendar day of the relevant 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period is not a London Banking Day, it means a 
reference rate equal to the SONIA rate for the London Banking Day falling "p"+1 
London Banking Days prior to such day "i", in each case as provided by the administrator 
of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the relevant Page or, if 
such Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the 
London Banking Day immediately following the London Banking Day falling "p" or 
"p"+1, as applicable, London Banking Days prior to such day "i").  
∏
⬚
𝑛
𝑖=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
365) −1
30
𝑖=1
]
means [(1 + X1 / 365 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2  / 365 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 365 ) – 1]. 
If, in respect of any relevant London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the SONIA rate is not available on the relevant Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, the Calculation Agent will determine 
such SONIA rate as being the SONIA rate published on the relevant Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking 
Day on which the SONIA rate was published on such Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors). If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable 
to determine the SONIA rate in accordance with the preceding sentence, the SONIA rate 
in respect of the relevant London Banking Day shall be such other rate as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate and 
any alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
"Contingent Floating Rate (TONA Determination)" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily Yen overnight reference rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date (and the resulting percentage will be

--- Page 356 ---
Payout Conditions 
343 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards) as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑏
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑡𝑛𝑑𝑏
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily TONA only 
compounds the TONA rate in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day. The TONA rate applied to a 
day that is not a Tokyo Banking Day will be taken by applying the TONA rate for the previous 
Tokyo Banking Day but without compounding 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following meanings: 
"db" means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to db, each representing the relevant Tokyo 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo Banking Day 
in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last Tokyo Banking Day in such 
Observation Period. 
"ni" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such Tokyo Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following Tokyo 
Banking Day. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of a Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period, 
the period from, and including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day 
of such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period and ending on, but excluding, the date 
falling "p" Business Days prior to the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date 
for such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period.  
"p" means ten or such other number as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"𝐭𝐧𝐝𝐛" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
"Tokyo Banking Day" means any calendar day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business 
(including settling payments and dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in Tokyo.  
"TONAi" or "TONA rate" in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day "i", in the relevant 
Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily TONA as provided by the 
administrator of TONA to, and published by, authorised distributors of TONA as of 
approximately 10:00 a.m., Tokyo time (or any amended publication time as specified by 
the administrator of TONA in the TONA benchmark methodology), on the TONA Fixing 
Day.  
If in respect of any relevant determination date the TONA rate is not published by the 
administrator of TONA or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise provided by the 
administrator of TONA by either (A) the TONA Fixing Day or (B) such other date on 
which TONA is required, then the rate for that Tokyo Banking Day "i" will be the last 
provided or published TONA. If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to 
determine the TONA rate in accordance with the preceding sentence, the TONA rate in 
respect of the relevant determination date shall be such other rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate and any 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
"TONA" means the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate (TONA) administered by the Bank 
of Japan (or any successor administrator).

--- Page 357 ---
Payout Conditions 
344 
"TONA Fixing Day" means, in respect of TONA and a Tokyo Banking Day "i", the 
Tokyo Banking Day immediately following that day "i" (or any amended publication 
day for TONA as specified by the administrator of TONA in the TONA benchmark 
methodology). 
"Converted Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Average Closing Value" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and a 
Reference Asset which is:  
(a)
a Share, the Coupon Average Share Price of such Share in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date;  
(b)
an Index, the Coupon Average Index Level of such Index in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date; 
(c)
an FX Rate, the Coupon Average FX Rate in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date; 
and 
(d)
a Fund Share, the Coupon Average Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund in 
respect of such Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Coupon Average Fund Price" means, in respect of a Fund Share and a Coupon Valuation 
Date, the arithmetic mean of the Closing Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund on each 
Averaging Date for such Fund and such Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Coupon Average FX Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Coupon Valuation Date, 
the arithmetic mean of the FX Rate on each Averaging Date for such FX Rate and such Coupon 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and 
correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Coupon Average Index Level" means, in respect of an Index and a Coupon Valuation Date, 
the arithmetic mean of the Closing Index Level of the Index on each Averaging Date for such 
Index and such Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Coupon Average Relevant Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Asset and a 
Coupon Valuation Date, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Coupon Average Closing Value
Initial Value
"Coupon Average Share Price" means, in respect of a Share and a Coupon Valuation Date, 
the arithmetic mean of the Closing Share Price of the Share on each Averaging Date for such 
Share and such Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Coupon Barrier Event" means: 
(a)
if "Coupon Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon 
Valuation Date (and a Coupon Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
(i)
(if paragraph (ii) below does not apply) the Reference Asset Closing Value of: 
(A)
(1) if "the Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Reference Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), (2) if 
"each Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each 
Reference Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) or (3) if

--- Page 358 ---
Payout Conditions 
345 
"any Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any 
Reference Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), is 
(B)
(1) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level in 
respect of such Reference Asset(s), (2) if "greater than or equal to the 
Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater 
than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such Reference 
Asset(s), (3) if "less than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such 
Reference Asset(s) or (4) "greater than the Coupon Barrier Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon Barrier 
Level in respect of such Reference Asset(s), or 
(ii)
if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Relevant Performance on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is (A) if 
"less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level, (B) if "greater than or equal 
to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than 
or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level, (C) if "less than the Coupon Barrier Level" 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Barrier Level or (D) 
"greater than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
greater than the Coupon Barrier Level,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b)
if "Coupon Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon 
Valuation Date (and a Coupon Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
(i)
(if paragraph (ii) below does not apply), the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of: 
(A)
(1) if "the Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation), (2) if "each Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, each Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation) or (3) if "any Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, any Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation), is 
(B)
(1) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level in 
respect of such Reference Asset(s), (2) if "greater than or equal to the 
Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater 
than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such Reference 
Asset(s), (3) if "less than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such 
Reference Asset(s) or (4) "greater than the Coupon Barrier Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon Barrier 
Level in respect of such Reference Asset(s), or 
(ii)
if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Relevant Performance at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) is (A) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level, (B) if 
"greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level, (C) if "less than 
the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the 
Coupon Barrier Level or (D) "greater than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon Barrier Level,

--- Page 359 ---
Payout Conditions 
346 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c)
if "Coupon Valuation Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and a Coupon Barrier Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred if),  
(i)
(if paragraph (ii) below does not apply) (I) if the relevant Issue Terms do not 
specify "Coupon Averaging" to be applicable, the Reference Asset Closing Value, 
or (II) if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Coupon Averaging" to be applicable, 
the Coupon Average Closing Value, of: 
(A)
(1) if "the Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Reference Asset on such Coupon Valuation Date or, if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Coupon Averaging" to be applicable, in respect of such 
Coupon Valuation Date, (2) if "each Reference Asset" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, each Reference Asset on such Coupon Valuation 
Date or, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Coupon Averaging" to be 
applicable, in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date or (3) if "any 
Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any Reference 
Asset on such Coupon Valuation Date or, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Coupon Averaging" to be applicable, in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date, is 
(B)
(1) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level in 
respect of such Reference Asset(s), (2) if "greater than or equal to the 
Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater 
than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such Reference 
Asset(s), (3) if "less than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such 
Reference Asset(s) or (4) "greater than the Coupon Barrier Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon Barrier 
Level in respect of such Reference Asset(s), or 
(ii)
if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and (I) if 
the relevant Issue Terms do not specify "Coupon Averaging" to be applicable, the 
Relevant Performance on such Coupon Valuation Date, or (II) if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Coupon Averaging" to be applicable, the Coupon Average 
Relevant Performance in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date,  
is (A) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level, (B) if 
"greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level, (C) if "less than 
the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the 
Coupon Barrier Level or (D) "greater than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon Barrier Level, or 
(d)
if "Coupon Valuation Date Reference Value" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and a Coupon Barrier Event shall 
be deemed to have occurred if) the Reference Asset Value of the Reference Asset is, (1) 
if "less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such Reference Asset, 
(2) if "greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such Reference 
Asset, (3) if "less than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
less than the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such Reference Asset or (4) "greater 
than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the 
Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such Reference Asset,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 360 ---
Payout Conditions 
347 
"Coupon Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and, if applicable, 
each relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation 
Date) and a Reference Asset, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such 
Coupon Valuation Date and such Reference Asset (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such 
Reference Asset for each relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such 
Coupon Valuation Date), or, if different amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for 
such Reference Asset and different Coupon Valuation Dates, the amount corresponding to such 
Coupon Valuation Date (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such Reference Asset for each 
relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date).  
"Coupon Event" means: 
(a)
if "Coupon Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon 
Valuation Date (and a Coupon Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
(i)
(if paragraph (ii) below does not apply) the Reference Asset Closing Value of: 
(A)
(1) if "the Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Reference Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), (2) if 
"each Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each 
Reference Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) or (3) if 
"any Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any 
Reference Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), is 
(B)
(1) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Level in respect of such 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation) and such Reference Asset(s), (2) if 
"greater than or equal to the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Coupon Level in respect of such 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation) and such Reference Asset(s), (3) if 
"less than the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less 
than the Coupon Level in respect of such Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) and such Reference Asset(s) or (4) "greater than the Coupon 
Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon 
Level in respect of such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) and such 
Reference Asset(s), or 
(ii)
if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Relevant Performance on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is (A) if 
"less than or equal to the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
less than or equal to the Coupon Level in respect of such Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation), (B) if "greater than or equal to the Coupon Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Coupon Level 
in respect of such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), (C) if "less than the 
Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon 
Level in respect of such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) or (D) "greater 
than the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the 
Coupon Level in respect of such Observation Date (Closing Valuation),  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b)
if "Coupon Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon 
Valuation Date (and a Coupon Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
(i)
(if paragraph (ii) below does not apply), the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of:

--- Page 361 ---
Payout Conditions 
348 
(A)
(1) if "the Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation), (2) if "each Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, each Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation) or (3) if "any Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, any Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation), is 
(B)
(1) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Level in respect of such 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) and such Reference Asset(s), (2) 
if "greater than or equal to the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Coupon Level in respect of such 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) and such Reference Asset(s), (3) 
if "less than the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
less than the Coupon Level in respect of such Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) and such Reference Asset(s) or (4) "greater than the Coupon 
Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon 
Level in respect of such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) and such 
Reference Asset(s), or 
(ii)
if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Relevant Performance at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) is (A) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Level in respect of such 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation), (B) if "greater than or equal to the 
Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to 
the Coupon Level in respect of such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation), (C) 
if "less than the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than 
the Coupon Level in respect of such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) or 
(D) "greater than the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
greater than the Coupon Level in respect of such Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation), 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c)
if "Coupon Valuation Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and a Coupon Event shall be deemed to 
have occurred if),  
(i)
(if paragraph (ii) below does not apply) the Reference Asset Closing Value of: 
(A)
(1) if "the Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Reference Asset on such Coupon Valuation Date, (2) if "each Reference 
Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each Reference Asset on 
such Coupon Valuation Date or (3) if "any Reference Asset" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, any Reference Asset on such Coupon 
Valuation Date, is 
(B)
(1) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Level in respect of such 
Coupon Valuation Date and such Reference Asset(s), (2) if "greater than 
or equal to the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
greater than or equal to the Coupon Level in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date and such Reference Asset(s), (3) if "less than the Coupon 
Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Level 
in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date and such Reference Asset(s) or 
(4) "greater than the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, greater than the Coupon Level in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date and such Reference Asset(s), or

--- Page 362 ---
Payout Conditions 
349 
(ii)
if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and the 
Relevant Performance on such Coupon Valuation Date,  
is (A) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Level in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date, (B) if "greater than or equal to the Coupon Level" is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Coupon Level in respect of 
such Coupon Valuation Date, (C) if "less than the Coupon Level" is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Level in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date or (D) "greater than the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon Level in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Coupon Factor" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Factor Numerator" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and the Reference 
Asset, the Reference Asset Closing Value of the Reference Asset in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date.  
"Coupon Factor Denominator" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and the 
Reference Asset, the Initial Reference Asset Closing Value of the Reference Asset multiplied 
by the Coupon Factor Denominator Multiplier.  
"Coupon Factor Denominator Multiplier" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and 
a Reference Asset, an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or, if different 
amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for different Coupon Valuation Dates, the 
amount corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Coupon Factor Performance" mean, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and a Basket of 
Reference Assets, the aggregate of the Weighted Coupon Factor Performance of each Reference 
Asset in the Basket of Reference Assets. 
"Coupon Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and, if applicable, each relevant 
date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date) and a 
Reference Asset, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Coupon 
Valuation Date and such Reference Asset (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such 
Reference Asset for each relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such 
Coupon Valuation Date), 
provided that if a Coupon Event has occurred in respect of any Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) or Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) (as applicable) falling in a Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Observation Period, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Coupon Level shall be the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level applicable 
for such Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period. 
"Coupon Leverage" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Lock-in Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and Securities that 
relate to: 
(a)
a single Reference Asset (and a Coupon Lock-in Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date if), the Reference Asset Closing Value of such 
Reference Asset on such Coupon Valuation Date is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
that:  
(i)
"less than or equal to Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than or equal to 
the Coupon Lock-in Level in respect of such Reference Asset; 
(ii)
"greater than or equal to Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than or 
equal to the Coupon Lock-in Level in respect of such Reference Asset;

--- Page 363 ---
Payout Conditions 
350 
(iii)
"less than Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than the Coupon Lock-in 
Level in respect of such Reference Asset; or  
(iv)
"greater than Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than the Coupon Lock-
in Level in respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(b)
a Basket of Reference Assets (and a Coupon Lock-in Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date if), the Reference Asset Closing 
Value of each Reference Asset on such Coupon Valuation Date is, if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify that:  
(i)
"less than or equal to Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than or equal to 
the Coupon Lock-in Level in respect of such Reference Asset;  
(ii)
"greater than or equal to Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than or 
equal to the Coupon Lock-in Level in respect of such Reference Asset;  
(iii)
"less than Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than the Coupon Lock-in 
Level in respect of such Reference Asset; or  
(iv)
"greater than Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than the Coupon Lock-
in Level in respect of such Reference Asset.  
"Coupon Lock-in Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and a Reference Asset, 
the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Coupon Valuation Date and 
such Reference Asset.  
"Coupon Observation Date" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, such date or dates specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms.  
"Coupon Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of a Reference Asset and a Coupon Valuation Date or Coupon Observation Date for 
such Reference Asset, the period commencing on the relevant Coupon Observation Period Start 
Date and ending on the relevant Coupon Observation Period End Date. Where the Securities 
relate to a Basket of Reference Assets, there shall be a separate Coupon Observation Period for 
each Reference Asset in respect of each Coupon Valuation Date or Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Period End Date" means, if "Coupon Observation Period" is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a Coupon 
Valuation Date or a Coupon Observation Date for such Reference Asset, if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify, in respect of such Coupon Observation Period End Date:  
(a)
"Adjusted", such Coupon Valuation Date or Coupon Observation Date for such 
Reference Asset after all adjustments (including, without limitation, any adjustment for 
non-Scheduled Trading Days or Disrupted Days) to such date pursuant to the 
Conditions; or  
(b)
"Unadjusted", the date on which such Coupon Valuation Date or Coupon Observation 
Date for such Reference Asset is scheduled to fall, disregarding all adjustments 
(including, without limitation, any adjustment for non-Scheduled Trading Days or 
Disrupted Days) to such date pursuant to the Conditions (but, for the avoidance of 
doubt, subject to the proviso to this definition),  
which shall be the last day of the relevant Coupon Observation Period, and shall be included or 
excluded from the Coupon Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms, 
provided that where both (i) "Daily Coupon" or "Daily Coupon 2" (as applicable) and (ii) "Daily 
Observation Early Redemption" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred, 
the Observation Date (Closing Valuation), Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) or other date

--- Page 364 ---
Payout Conditions 
351 
(as applicable) on which such Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred shall be 
the final Coupon Observation Period End Date, and the Coupon Observation Period shall end 
on and including such date.  
"Coupon Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Coupon Observation Period" is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a Coupon 
Valuation Date or a Coupon Observation Date for such Reference Asset, the date specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant Coupon Observation 
Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Coupon Observation Period, as provided in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Participation" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Date" has the meaning given in the General Conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where (A) "In Fine Coupon", "In Fine Memory Coupon", "Daily 
Coupon" or "Daily Coupon 2" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and (B) 
"Early Redemption" or "Daily Observation Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that an Early Redemption Event 
has occurred on an Early Redemption Valuation Date or that a Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Event has occurred (as applicable), the Early Redemption Date in respect of such 
Early Redemption Event or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date in respect of such Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Event (as applicable) shall be the Coupon Payment Date (and 
there shall be no further Coupon Payment Dates). 
"Coupon Period (Drop Back)" means the period specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Coupon Rate" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Reference Asset(s)" means each Reference Asset specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Strike" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date: 
(a)
if "Coupon Strike – High Watermark" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(b)
if "Coupon Strike – High Watermark" " is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and the Securities relate to a single Reference Asset, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
Highest Value (Coupon)
Initial Value
(c)
if "Coupon Strike – High Watermark" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and the Securities relate to a Basket of Reference Assets, an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent as being equal to the aggregate of the Weighted Coupon Strike 
(High Watermark) of each Reference Asset in the Basket of Reference Assets in respect 
of such Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" in respect of:  
(a)
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions;  
(b)
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions;  
(c)
a Commodity or a Commodity Index, has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked 
Provisions; 
(d)
an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions; 
(e)
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions; and

--- Page 365 ---
Payout Conditions 
352 
(f)
a Reference Rate, has the meaning given in the Rate Linked Provisions. 
"Cumulated Interest (t)" means in respect of a Coupon Period (Drop Back), in respect of each 
Security, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
CA × Coupon Rate × (
∑
Investment Period (i, t) × Allocation(i)
Number of Trigger Levels
i=1
DB Total Number of Days
)
"Cumulated Interest (t - 1)" means in respect of a Coupon Period (Drop Back), an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of each Security as being equal to the Cumulated 
Interest (t) (if any) in respect of the Coupon Period (Drop Back) immediately preceding such 
Coupon Period (Drop Back) (or, if there is no Coupon Period (Drop Back) immediately 
preceding such Coupon Period (Drop Back), zero), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Daily Coupon DCF" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the 
Coupon Amount payable on such date, the Day Count Fraction in respect of the Daily Coupon 
Period ending on or immediately before such Coupon Payment Date. 
"Daily Coupon Period" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
period from, and including (or in the case of Swedish Securities, but excluding), the Daily 
Coupon Period Start Date to, but excluding (or in the case of Swedish Notes, and including) the 
Daily Coupon Period End Date.  
"Daily Coupon Period End Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, if none is so specified, the Coupon Payment Date and if the relevant Issue Terms specify, in 
respect of such Daily Coupon Period End Date: (a) "Adjusted", such Daily Coupon Period End 
Date shall be adjusted in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention if so 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or (b) "Unadjusted", such Daily Coupon Period End Date 
shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention, 
provided that where both (i) "Daily Coupon" or "Daily Coupon 2" (as applicable) and (ii) "Daily 
Observation Early Redemption" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred, 
(A) if "Daily Observation Early Redemption Event Date Adjustment" is not specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Daily Observation Early Redemption Date 
in respect of such Daily Observation Early Redemption Event shall be the final Daily Coupon 
Period End Date, or (B) if "Daily Observation Early Redemption Event Date Adjustment" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Observation Date (Closing Valuation), 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) or other date (as applicable) on which the relevant Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred shall be the final Daily Coupon Period End 
Date.  
"Daily Coupon Period Start Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, if none is so specified, the Issue Date. 
"Daily Coupon Rate" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date (and, if applicable, each relevant date in the 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period corresponding to such Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date) and a Reference Asset, the amount specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date 
and such Reference Asset (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such Reference Asset for 
each relevant date in the Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period 
corresponding to such Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date), or, if different 
amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Reference Asset and different Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Valuation Dates, the amount corresponding to such Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such 
Reference Asset for each relevant date in the Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation 
Period corresponding to such Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date).

--- Page 366 ---
Payout Conditions 
353 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Date" means (a) the date falling the Daily Observation 
Number of Days after the date on which a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has 
occurred (as adjusted in accordance with the Conditions) or (b) any other date specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Event" means:  
(a)
if "Early Redemption Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation 
Date and an Observation Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Observation Period corresponding to such Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Valuation Date (and a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred if), 
(i)
(if paragraph (ii) below does not apply) the Reference Asset Closing Value of: 
(A)
(1) if "the Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Reference Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), (2) if 
"each Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each 
Reference Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) or (3) if 
"any Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any 
Reference Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), is 
(B)
(1) if "less than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal 
to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect of 
such Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period and such 
Reference Asset(s), (2) if "greater than or equal to the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
greater than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level in respect of such Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation 
Period and such Reference Asset(s), (3) if "less than the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
less than the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect 
of such Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period and such 
Reference Asset(s) or (4) "greater than the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater 
than the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect of 
such Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period and such 
Reference Asset(s), or 
(ii)
if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Relevant Performance on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is (A) if 
"less than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect of such Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Observation Period, (B) if "greater than or equal to the Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, greater than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level in respect of such Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation 
Period, (C) if "less than the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level in respect of such Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Observation Period or (D) "greater than the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect of such Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Observation Period,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or

--- Page 367 ---
Payout Conditions 
354 
(b)
if "Early Redemption Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation 
Date and an Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) falling in the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Observation Period corresponding to such Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Valuation Date (and a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred if), 
(i)
(if paragraph (ii) below does not apply), the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of: 
(A)
(1) if "the Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation), (2) if "each Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, each Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation) or (3) if "any Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, any Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation), is 
(B)
(1) if "less than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal 
to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect of 
such Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period and such 
Reference Asset(s), (2) if "greater than or equal to the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
greater than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level in respect of such Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation 
Period and such Reference Asset(s), (3) if "less than the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
less than the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect 
of such Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period and such 
Reference Asset(s) or (4) "greater than the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater 
than the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect of 
such Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period and such 
Reference Asset(s), or 
(ii)
if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Relevant Performance at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) is (A) if "less than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect of such Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Observation Period, (B) if "greater than or equal 
to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level in respect of such Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Observation Period, (C) if "less than the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect of such Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Observation Period or (D) "greater than the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater 
than the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect of such 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period" means, if specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Valuation Date for such Reference Asset: 
(a)
the period commencing on the relevant Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Observation Period Start Date and ending on the relevant Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Observation Period End Date; or

--- Page 368 ---
Payout Conditions 
355 
(b)
if there is more than one such period, each period commencing on the relevant Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Observation Period Start Date and ending on the relevant 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period End Date, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Where the Securities relate to a Basket of Reference Assets, there shall be a separate Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Observation Period for each Reference Asset in respect of each 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date.  
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period End Date" means, if "Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Valuation Date for such Reference Asset, if the relevant Issue Terms specify, in respect of such 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period End Date:  
(a)
"Adjusted", such Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date for such 
Reference Asset after all adjustments (including, without limitation, any adjustment for 
non-Scheduled Trading Days or Disrupted Days) to such date pursuant to the 
Conditions; or  
(b)
"Unadjusted", the date on which the relevant Periodic Valuation Date, Periodic Pricing 
Date or other date in respect of such Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation 
Date for such Reference Asset is scheduled to fall, disregarding all adjustments 
(including, without limitation, any adjustment for non-Scheduled Trading Days or 
Disrupted Days) to such date pursuant to the Conditions,  
which shall be the last day of the relevant Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation 
Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Valuation Date for such Reference Asset, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, 
which shall be the first day of the relevant Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation 
Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Reference Asset(s)" means each Reference Asset 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each Periodic Valuation Date, 
each Periodic Pricing Date, each Observation Date (Closing Valuation) or each Observation 
Date (Intra-Day Valuation) as specified in the relevant Issue Terms or any other date specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Daily Observation Final Redemption DCF" means, in respect of the calculation of the 
Security Redemption Amount, the Day Count Fraction in respect of the Daily Observation Final 
Redemption Observation Period. 
"Daily Observation Final Redemption Observation Period" means, if specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and the Daily Observation 
Final Redemption Valuation Date for such Reference Asset, the period commencing on the 
relevant Daily Observation Final Redemption Observation Period Start Date and ending on the 
relevant Daily Observation Final Redemption Observation Period End Date. 
Where the Securities relate to a Basket of Reference Assets, there shall be a separate Daily 
Observation Final Redemption Observation Period for each Reference Asset in respect of the 
Daily Observation Final Redemption Valuation Date.  
"Daily Observation Final Redemption Observation Period End Date" means, if "Daily 
Observation Final Redemption Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant

--- Page 369 ---
Payout Conditions 
356 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and the Daily Observation Final Redemption 
Valuation Date for such Reference Asset, if the relevant Issue Terms specify, in respect of such 
Daily Observation Final Redemption Observation Period End Date:  
(a)
"Adjusted", such Daily Observation Final Redemption Valuation Date for such 
Reference Asset after all adjustments (including, without limitation, any adjustment for 
non-Scheduled Trading Days or Disrupted Days) to such date pursuant to the 
Conditions; or  
(b)
"Unadjusted", the date on which the relevant Valuation Date or other date in respect of 
such Daily Observation Final Redemption Valuation Date for such Reference Asset is 
scheduled to fall, disregarding all adjustments (including, without limitation, any 
adjustment for non-Scheduled Trading Days or Disrupted Days) to such date pursuant 
to the Conditions,  
which shall be the last day of the relevant Daily Observation Final Redemption Observation 
Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Daily Observation Final Redemption 
Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Daily Observation Final Redemption Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Daily 
Observation Final Redemption Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and the Daily Observation Final Redemption 
Valuation Date for such Reference Asset, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, 
which shall be the first day of the relevant Daily Observation Final Redemption Observation 
Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Daily Observation Final Redemption 
Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Daily Observation Final Redemption Valuation Date" means the Valuation Date as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms or any other date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Daily Observation Number of Days" means the number of Business Days or the number of 
such other days, in each case, specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or if none is so 
specified, the Daily Observation Number of Days shall be five Business Days. 
"Day Count Fraction" has the meaning given in the General Conditions. 
"DB Total Number of Days" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Deliverable Reference Asset" or "Deliverable Reference Assets" means the Final Worst 
Performance Share, the Worst Share or the Share as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Double Barrier Event" means a Double Barrier Event 1 has occurred and/or a Double Barrier 
Event 2 has occurred. 
"Double Barrier Event 1" means:  
(a)
if "Barrier Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date 1 and an Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period 1 corresponding to the Barrier 
Reference Date 1 (and a Double Barrier Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
the Reference Asset Closing Value of any Reference Asset on such Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal 
to Barrier Event Strike 1" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 
1 in respect of such Reference Asset or (ii) "greater than Barrier Event Strike 1" is 
applicable, greater than the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(b)
if "Barrier Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date 1 and an Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period 1 corresponding to the Barrier 
Reference Date 1 (and a Double Barrier Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred if),

--- Page 370 ---
Payout Conditions 
357 
the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of any Reference Asset at any time on such 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) 
"greater than or equal to Barrier Event Strike 1" is applicable, greater than or equal to 
the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset or (ii) "greater than Barrier 
Event Strike 1" is applicable, greater than the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such 
Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(c)
if "Barrier Reference Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, (and a Double Barrier Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference 
Asset Closing Value of any Reference Asset on the Barrier Reference Date 1 is, if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal to Barrier Event Strike 1" is 
applicable, greater than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference 
Asset or (ii) "greater than Barrier Event Strike 1" is applicable, greater than the Barrier 
Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.  
"Double Barrier Event 2" means:  
(a)
if "Barrier Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date 2 and an Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period 2 corresponding to the Barrier 
Reference Date 2 (and a Double Barrier Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
the Reference Asset Closing Value of any Reference Asset on such Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to 
Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 2 in 
respect of such Reference Asset or (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, 
less than the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset, each as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(b)
if "Barrier Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date 2 and an Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period 2 corresponding to the Barrier 
Reference Date 2 (and a Double Barrier Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of any Reference Asset at any time on such 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) 
"less than or equal to Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier 
Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset or (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike 
2" is applicable, less than the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(c)
if "Barrier Reference Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, (and a Double Barrier Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference 
Asset Closing Value of any Reference Asset on the Barrier Reference Date 2 is, if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Event Strike 2" is 
applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference 
Asset or (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, less than the Barrier Event 
Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Downside Cap" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Downside Floor" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Downside Gearing" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
1
1 −Buffer Percentage
or such other amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"DwnPFI" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 371 ---
Payout Conditions 
358 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Security: 
(a)
if "ELIOS Early Redemption" is not specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms;  
(b)
if "ELIOS Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of each Early Redemption Date and the Early Redemption Valuation Date 
falling immediately prior to such Early Redemption Date, an amount in the Specified 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
CA × (1 + Early Redemption Value × k)
(c)
if "Daily Observation Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Early Redemption Barrier" means, in respect of an Early Redemption Valuation Date and a 
Reference Asset, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Early 
Redemption Valuation Date and such Reference Asset, or, if different amounts are specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms for such Reference Asset and different Early Redemption Valuation 
Dates, the amount corresponding to such Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Early Redemption Date" means (a) each Coupon Payment Date other than the Security 
Redemption Date, (b) each Interest Payment Date other than the Maturity Date or (c) any other 
date specified as such, in each case, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Early Redemption Event" means either Early Redemption Event 1, Early Redemption Event 
2 or Early Redemption Event 3, as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Early Redemption Event 1" means, in respect of an Early Redemption Valuation Date (and 
an Early Redemption Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Early 
Redemption Valuation Date if), the Calculation Agent determines that (a) (i) if the relevant Issue 
Terms do not specify "ER Averaging" to be applicable, (x) where the Reference Asset is not a 
Reference Rate, the Reference Asset Closing Value of the Reference Asset on such Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or (y) where the Reference Asset is a Reference Rate, the Reference 
Asset Value of the Reference Asset on such Early Redemption Valuation Date, or (ii) if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify "ER Averaging" to be applicable, the ER Average Closing Value 
of the Reference Asset in respect of such Early Redemption Valuation Date, is (b) (i) if "less 
than or equal to the Early Redemption Barrier" is specified as the "Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation" in the relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Early Redemption Barrier, 
(ii) if "greater than or equal to the Early Redemption Barrier" is specified as the "Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation" in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Early 
Redemption Barrier, (iii) if "less than the Early Redemption Barrier" is specified as the "Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation" in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Early Redemption 
Barrier or (iv) if "greater than the Early Redemption Barrier" is specified as the "Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation" in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Early 
Redemption Barrier.  
"Early Redemption Event 2" means, in respect of an Early Redemption Valuation Date (and 
an Early Redemption Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Early 
Redemption Valuation Date if), the Calculation Agent determines that (a) (i) if the relevant Issue 
Terms do not specify "ER Averaging" to be applicable, the Reference Asset Closing Value of 
each Reference Asset on such Early Redemption Valuation Date, or (ii) if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "ER Averaging" to be applicable, the ER Average Closing Value of each 
Reference Asset in respect of such Early Redemption Valuation Date, is (b) (i) if "less than or 
equal to its respective Early Redemption Barrier" is specified as the "Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation" in the relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to its respective Early Redemption 
Barrier, (ii) if "greater than or equal to its respective Early Redemption Barrier" is specified as 
the "Early Redemption Barrier Observation" in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal 
to its respective Early Redemption Barrier, (iii) if "less than its respective Early Redemption 
Barrier" is specified as the "Early Redemption Barrier Observation"  in the relevant Issue Terms,

--- Page 372 ---
Payout Conditions 
359 
less than its respective Early Redemption Barrier or (iv) if "greater than its respective Early 
Redemption Barrier" is specified as the "Early Redemption Barrier Observation" in the relevant 
Issue Terms, greater than its respective Early Redemption Barrier. 
"Early Redemption Event 3" means, in respect of an Early Redemption Valuation Date (and 
an Early Redemption Event 3 shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Early 
Redemption Valuation Date if), the Calculation Agent determines that the Relevant 
Performance on such Early Redemption Valuation Date is (a) if "less than or equal to the Early 
Redemption Strike" is specified as the "Early Redemption Strike Observation" in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Early Redemption Strike, (b) if "greater than or equal to 
the Early Redemption Strike" is specified as the "Early Redemption Strike Observation" in the 
relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Early Redemption Strike, (c) if "less than the 
Early Redemption Strike" is specified as the "Early Redemption Strike Observation" in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than the Early Redemption Strike or (d) if "greater than the Early 
Redemption Strike" is specified as the "Early Redemption Strike Observation" in the relevant 
Issue Terms, greater than the Early Redemption Strike. 
"Early Redemption Reference Asset(s)" means each Reference Asset specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Early Redemption Strike" means either (a) the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, if different amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for different Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates, the amount corresponding to such Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or (b) in respect of an Early Redemption Valuation Date and a Reference Asset, the amount 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Early Redemption Valuation Date and 
such Reference Asset, or, if different amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such 
Reference Asset and different Early Redemption Valuation Dates, the amount corresponding to 
such Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Early Redemption Valuation Date" means (i) except in the case of Rate Linked Securities, 
each Periodic Valuation Date or each Periodic Pricing Date as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms or any other date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or (ii) in the case of Rate 
Linked Securities only, has the meaning given in the Rate Linked Provisions. 
"Early Redemption Value" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Enhanced Coupon Event 1" means: 
(a)
if "Coupon Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon 
Valuation Date (and an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
the Reference Asset Closing Value of: 
(i)
(A) if "the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1 on such Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation), (B) if "each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1 
on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) or (C) if "any Enhanced Coupon 
Reference Asset 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 1 on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), is 
(ii)
(A) if "less than or equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1, (B) if "less than Enhanced Coupon Level 
1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Enhanced Coupon Level 
1 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1, (C) if "greater than or 
equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
greater than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 1 or (D) if "greater than Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is

--- Page 373 ---
Payout Conditions 
360 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 
in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b)
if "Coupon Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon 
Valuation Date (and an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of: 
(i)
(A) if "the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1 on such Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation), (B) if "each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1 on such 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) or (C) if "any Enhanced Coupon 
Reference Asset 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 1 on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation), is 
(ii)
(A) if "less than or equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1, (B) if "less than Enhanced Coupon Level 
1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Enhanced Coupon Level 
1 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1, (C) if "greater than or 
equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
greater than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 1 or (D) if "greater than Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 
in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(c)
if "Coupon Valuation Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 shall 
be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Asset Closing Value of: 
(i)
(A) if "the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1 on such Coupon Valuation Date, 
(B) if "each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1 on such Coupon 
Valuation Date or (C) if "any Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, any Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1 on such 
Coupon Valuation Date, is 
(ii)
(A) if "less than or equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1, (B) if "less than Enhanced Coupon Level 
1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Enhanced Coupon Level 
1 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1, (C) if "greater than or 
equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
greater than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 1 or (D) if "greater than Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 
in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Enhanced Coupon Event 2" means: 
(a)
if "Coupon Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon

--- Page 374 ---
Payout Conditions 
361 
Valuation Date (and an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
the Reference Asset Closing Value of: 
(i)
(A) if "the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2 on such Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation), (B) if "each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2 
on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) or (C) if "any Enhanced Coupon 
Reference Asset 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 2 on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), is 
(ii)
(A) if "less than or equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2, (B) if "less than Enhanced Coupon Level 
2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Enhanced Coupon Level 
2 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2, (C) if "greater than or 
equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
greater than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 2 or (D) if "greater than Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 
in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b)
if "Coupon Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon 
Valuation Date (and an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of: 
(i)
(A) if "the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2 on such Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation), (B) if "each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2 on such 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) or (C) if "any Enhanced Coupon 
Reference Asset 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 2 on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation), is 
(ii)
(A) if "less than or equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2, (B) if "less than Enhanced Coupon Level 
2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Enhanced Coupon Level 
2 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2, (C) if "greater than or 
equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
greater than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 2 or (D) if "greater than Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 
in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(c)
if "Coupon Valuation Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 shall 
be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Asset Closing Value of: 
(i)
(A) if "the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2 on such Coupon Valuation Date, 
(B) if "each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2 on such Coupon 
Valuation Date or (C) if "any Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2" is specified

--- Page 375 ---
Payout Conditions 
362 
in the relevant Issue Terms, any Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2 on such 
Coupon Valuation Date, is 
(ii)
(A) if "less than or equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2, (B) if "less than Enhanced Coupon Level 
2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Enhanced Coupon Level 
2 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2, (C) if "greater than or 
equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
greater than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 2 or (D) if "greater than Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 
in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Enhanced Coupon Level 1" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and, if applicable, 
each relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation 
Date) and a Reference Asset, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such 
Coupon Valuation Date and such Reference Asset (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such 
Reference Asset for each relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such 
Coupon Valuation Date), or, if different amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for 
such Reference Asset and different Coupon Valuation Dates, the amount corresponding to such 
Coupon Valuation Date (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such Reference Asset for each 
relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date). 
"Enhanced Coupon Level 2" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and, if applicable, 
each relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation 
Date) and a Reference Asset, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such 
Coupon Valuation Date and such Reference Asset (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such 
Reference Asset for each relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such 
Coupon Valuation Date), or, if different amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for 
such Reference Asset and different Coupon Valuation Dates, the amount corresponding to such 
Coupon Valuation Date (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such Reference Asset for each 
relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date). 
"Enhanced Coupon Rate" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1" means each Reference Asset specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2" means each Reference Asset specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Equity Performance" means: 
(a)
if a No Trigger Event has occurred, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(
Final Value
Initial Value × Initial Equity Perf Allocation); or 
(b)
if a No Trigger Event has not occurred, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
( Final Value
Initial Value × Initial Equity Perf Allocation) + ∑
(
Final Value
Investment Level (i) × Allocation (i))
𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝑖)
i=1
"ER Average Closing Value" means, in respect of an Early Redemption Valuation Date and a 
Reference Asset which is:

--- Page 376 ---
Payout Conditions 
363 
(a)
a Share, the ER Average Share Price of such Share in respect of such Early Redemption 
Valuation Date;  
(b)
an Index, the ER Average Index Level of such Index in respect of such Early Redemption 
Valuation Date; 
(c)
an FX Rate, the ER Average FX Rate in respect of such Early Redemption Valuation 
Date; and 
(d)
a Fund Share, the ER Average Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund in respect of 
such Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"ER Average Fund Price" means, in respect of a Fund Share and an Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, the arithmetic mean of the Closing Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund 
on each Averaging Date for such Fund and such Early Redemption Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance 
with the Conditions.  
"ER Average FX Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, the arithmetic mean of the FX Rate on each Averaging Date for such FX Rate and such 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"ER Average Index Level" means, in respect of an Index and an Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, the arithmetic mean of the Closing Index Level of the Index on each Averaging Date for 
such Index and such Early Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"ER Average Share Price" means, in respect of a Share and an Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, the arithmetic mean of the Closing Share Price of the Share on each Averaging Date for 
such Share and such Early Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"FBV" means:  
(a)
if "Final Value" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Final Value; 
or 
(b)
if "High Watermark Level" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of:  
(i)
a Share, means the greatest Reference Asset Closing Value of such Share in 
respect of (A) each Periodic Valuation Date and the Valuation Date; or (B) each 
Valuation Date;  
(ii)
an Index, means the greatest Reference Asset Closing Value of such Index in 
respect of each Periodic Valuation Date and each Valuation Date; 
(iii)
a Commodity, means the greatest Reference Asset Closing Value of such 
Commodity in respect of each Periodic Pricing Date and the Final Pricing Date;  
(iv)
a Commodity Index, means the greatest Reference Asset Closing Value of such 
Commodity Index in respect of each Periodic Pricing Date and the Final Pricing 
Date;  
(v)
an FX Rate, means the greatest Reference Asset Closing Value of such FX Rate 
in respect of each FX Valuation Date; and 
(vi)
a Fund Share, means the greatest Reference Asset Closing Value of such Share 
of such Fund in respect of (A) each Periodic Valuation Date and the Fund 
Valuation Date or (B) each Valuation Date.

--- Page 377 ---
Payout Conditions 
364 
"Final Asset Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Asset, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify: 
(a)
"Final Asset Performance (Final/Initial)" to be applicable, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Value
Initial Value
(b)
"Final Asset Performance (Asset Return)" to be applicable, an amount equal to the Asset 
Return of such Reference Asset. 
"Final Asset Performance (FAP)(Final/Initial)" means in respect of a Reference Asset, Final 
Asset Performance where Final Asset Performance (Final/Initial) applies. 
"Final Average Fund Price" means, in respect of a Fund Share and a Valuation Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the Closing Fund Price of such Share of such Fund on each Averaging Date 
for such Fund and such Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Final Average FX Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date, the arithmetic 
mean of the FX Rate on each Averaging Date for such FX Rate and such Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance 
with the Conditions. 
"Final Average Index Level" means, in respect of an Index and a Valuation Date, the arithmetic 
mean of the Closing Index Level of the Index on each Averaging Date for such Index and such 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and 
correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Average Share Price" means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date, the arithmetic 
mean of the Closing Share Price of the Share on each Averaging Date for such Share and such 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and 
correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Reference Asset and an Initial Valuation Date, 
Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable), 
the Averaging Date specified as such in respect of such Initial Valuation Date, Coupon 
Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable) in the 
relevant Issue Terms or, if "Modified Postponement" or "Omission" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the latest Averaging Date in respect of such Initial Valuation Date, 
Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable) 
for such Reference Asset to occur after all adjustments (if any) to such dates pursuant to the 
applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions. 
"Final Best Performance Reference Asset" means the Reference Asset with the highest Final 
Asset Performance, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if two or more 
Reference Assets have the same highest Final Asset Performance, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine which of such Reference Assets shall be the Final Best Performance Reference 
Asset in its sole and absolute discretion, and such Reference Asset shall be the Final Best 
Performance Reference Asset. 
"Final Cash Allocation" means: 
(a)
if a No Trigger Event has occurred, an amount equal to Initial Cash Allocation; or 
(b)
if a No Trigger Event has not occurred, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Cash Allocation −∑
Allocation (i)
𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝑖)
𝑖=1

--- Page 378 ---
Payout Conditions 
365 
"Final Closing Commodity Index Level" means, in respect of a Commodity Index, the Closing 
Commodity Index Level of the Commodity Index on the Final Pricing Date for such Commodity 
Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Closing Fund Price" means, in respect of a Fund Share, the Closing Fund Price of such 
Fund Share of such Fund on the Valuation Date for such Fund, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Closing Index Level" means, in respect of an Index, the Closing Index Level of the 
Index on the Valuation Date for such Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject 
to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Closing Share Price" means, in respect of a Share, the Closing Share Price of the Share 
on the Valuation Date for such Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Commodity Index Level" means, in respect of a Commodity Index, the Commodity 
Index Level of the Commodity Index at any relevant time on the Final Pricing Date for such 
Commodity Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and 
correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Commodity Price" means, in respect of a Commodity, the Commodity Price of the 
Commodity on the Final Pricing Date for such Commodity, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of a Commodity, the Commodity 
Reference Price of the Commodity on the Final Pricing Date for such Commodity, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
"Final FX Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the FX Rate on the FX Valuation Date for 
such FX Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction 
in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Index Level" means, in respect of an Index, the Index Level of the Index at any relevant 
time on the Valuation Date for such Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject 
to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Pricing Date" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Provisions. 
"Final Redemption Multiplier" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
in respect of a Reference Asset. 
"Final Redemption Value" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in 
respect of a Reference Asset. 
"Final Relevant Performance" means Final Asset Performance, Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), Final Relevant Performance (Best), Final Relevant Performance (Worst), Final 
Relevant Performance 1 or Final Relevant Performance 2, as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Final Relevant Performance 1" means Final Asset Performance or Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Final Relevant Performance 2" means Final Asset Performance or Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Final Relevant Performance (Basket)" means the aggregate of the Final Weighted 
Performance of each Reference Asset.

--- Page 379 ---
Payout Conditions 
366 
"Final Relevant Performance (Best)" means the Final Asset Performance of the Final Best 
Performance Reference Asset. 
"Final Relevant Performance (Worst)" means the Final Asset Performance of the Final Worst 
Performance Reference Asset. 
"Final Relevant Performance (Worst of)" means the Final Asset Performance 
(FAP)(Final/Initial) of the Worst Performance Reference Asset.  
"Final Share Price" means, in respect of a Share, the Share Price of the Share at any relevant 
time on the Valuation Date for such Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject 
to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Value" if the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
(a)
"Averaging" to be not applicable, in respect of: 
(i)
a Share, means the Final Closing Share Price of such Share;  
(ii)
an Index, means the Final Closing Index Level of such Index; 
(iii)
a Commodity, means the Final Commodity Reference Price of such Commodity;  
(iv)
a Commodity Index, means Final Closing Commodity Index Level of such 
Commodity Index;  
(v)
an FX Rate, means the Final FX Rate of such FX Rate; and 
(vi)
a Fund Share, means the Final Closing Fund Price of such Fund Share of such 
Fund; or 
(b)
"Averaging" to be applicable in respect of: 
(i)
a Share, means the Final Average Share Price of such Share;  
(ii)
an Index, means the Final Average Index Level of such Index; 
(iii)
an FX Rate, means the Final Average FX Rate of such FX Rate; and 
(iv)
a Fund Share, means the Final Average Fund Price of such Fund Share of such 
Fund. 
"Final Weighted Asset Return" means in respect of each Reference Asset in the Basket of 
Reference Assets, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of such Reference 
Asset in accordance with the following formula: 
W × Asset Return
"Final Weighted Performance" means, in respect of each Reference Asset in the Basket of 
Reference Assets, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(a)
"Weighted Performance (Final/Initial)" to be applicable, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
W × Final Value
Initial Value
(b)
"Weighted Performance (Asset Return)" to be applicable, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
W × Asset Return

--- Page 380 ---
Payout Conditions 
367 
"Final Weighted Performance (Final/Initial)" means, in respect of each Reference Asset in 
the Basket of Reference Assets, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
such Reference Asset in accordance with the following formula: 
W × Final Value
Initial Value
"Final Worst Performance Reference Asset" means the Reference Asset with the lowest Final 
Asset Performance, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if two or more 
Reference Assets have the same lowest Final Asset Performance, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine which of such Reference Assets shall be the Final Worst Performance Reference 
Asset in its sole and absolute discretion, and such Reference Asset shall be the Final Worst 
Performance Reference Asset. 
"Final Worst Performance Share" means the Share with the lowest Final Asset Performance, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if two or more Shares have the same 
lowest Final Asset Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine which of such 
Reference Assets shall be the Final Worst Performance Share in its sole and absolute discretion, 
and such Share shall be the Final Worst Performance Share. 
"Fixed Amount" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Floor" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which amount may be 
expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount or otherwise as set out in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Floor1" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Floor2" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"FloorDown" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"FRP" means the Final Relevant Performance.  
"FRP1" means the Final Relevant Performance 1.  
"FRP2" means the Final Relevant Performance 2.  
"Fund" has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions.  
"Fund Share" has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions. 
"FWWB Coupon Performance Barrier" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date, an 
amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"FWWB Coupon Performance Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date, the 
Relevant Performance in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date is (and an FWWB Coupon 
Performance Event shall be deemed to have occurred where), if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
that (i) "less than or equal to FWWB Coupon Performance Barrier" is applicable, less than or 
equal to the FWWB Coupon Performance Barrier, (ii) "less than FWWB Coupon Performance 
Barrier" is applicable, less than the FWWB Coupon Performance Barrier, (iii) "greater than or 
equal to FWWB Coupon Performance Barrier" is applicable, greater than or equal to the FWWB 
Coupon Performance Barrier, or (iv) "greater than FWWB Coupon Performance Barrier" is 
applicable, greater than the FWWB Coupon Performance Barrier, each as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"FWWB Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date or a Coupon Payment 
Date (as applicable), an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"FX Business Day Convention" has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions. 
"FX Initial Valuation Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the date specified as such in 
respect of such FX Rate in the relevant Issue Terms or, if so specified in the relevant Issue

--- Page 381 ---
Payout Conditions 
368 
Terms, the Adjusted Asset Initial Valuation Date or such number of FX Business Days 
following the Adjusted Asset Initial Valuation Date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in each case, subject to any adjustment in accordance with the FX Business Day Convention.  
"FX Price Source" has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions. 
"FXR" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to, if the relevant 
Issue Terms specify:  
(a)
"Inverse FXR" to be not applicable, the quotient of (i) the Final FX Rate divided by (ii) 
the Initial FX Rate; or  
(b)
"Inverse FXR" to be applicable, the quotient of (i) the Initial FX Rate, divided by (ii) the 
Final FX Rate, 
provided that, in each case, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "FXR" to be not applicable, then 
"FXR" shall be deemed to be one. If the relevant Issue Terms specify "FXR" to be applicable, 
then the FX Rate shall only be used to determine the Final FX Rate and the Initial FX Rate for 
the purposes of this definition of FXR and shall not be used in these Payout Conditions to 
determine any other variable or event in these Payout Conditions that is used to calculate and/or 
determine the Security Redemption Amount or, if applicable, Early Redemption Amount or 
Coupon Amount (including, without limitation, the Final Value, Initial Value, Reference Asset 
Closing Value, Reference Asset-Intra-Day Value, FRP, Barrier Event, Barrier Performance 
Event, Coupon Barrier Event, Coupon Event, Enhanced Coupon Event 1, Enhanced Coupon 
Event 2, Early Redemption Event or Daily Observation Early Redemption Event (in each case, 
if applicable)). 
"FX Rate" has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions. 
"FX Rate (Qualifying Actual Transaction)" has the meaning given in the FX Linked 
Provisions. 
"FX Rate Sponsor" has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions. 
"FX Rate Table" means the table specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"FX Valuation Date" means, in respect of: 
(a)
a Share FX Rate, the Adjusted Share Valuation Date; and 
(b)
an FX Rate other than a Share FX Rate, the date specified as such in respect of such FX 
Rate in the relevant Issue Terms or, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Adjusted Asset Valuation Date or such number of FX Business Days following the 
Adjusted Asset Valuation Date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms,  
in each case, subject to any adjustment in accordance with the FX Business Day Convention. 
"FX Valuation Time" has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions. 
"High Barrier" means (a) if "Contingent Coupon or Range Accrual Coupon (Single Reference 
Asset)" or "Contingent Coupon or Range Accrual Coupon (Worst of)" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset, the amount specified as 
such in respect of a Coupon Observation Period for such Reference Asset in the relevant Issue 
Terms or (b) if "Contingent Coupon or Range Accrual Coupon (Basket of Reference Assets)" 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the amount specified as such in respect 
of a Coupon Observation Period in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Highest Value (Coupon)" means, in respect of a Reference Asset and: 
(a)
the first Coupon Valuation Date, the Initial Value; and 
(b)
each Coupon Valuation Date (other than the first Coupon Valuation Date), the greater of 
(i) the Initial Value of such Reference Asset and (ii) the greatest Reference Asset Closing

--- Page 382 ---
Payout Conditions 
369 
Value of such Reference Asset in respect of each Coupon Valuation Date falling prior to 
(but excluding) such Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"i" means each integer from (and including) 1 to (and including) the Number of Trigger Levels. 
"Index" has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions. 
"Index Level" has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions. 
"Index Strike Level" has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions. 
"Initial Average Index Level" means, in respect of an Index and an Initial Valuation Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the Closing Index Level of the Index on each Averaging Date for such Index 
and such Initial Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Average Share Price" means, in respect of a Share and an Initial Valuation Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the Closing Share Price of the Share on each Averaging Date for such Share 
and such Initial Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Cash Allocation" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑
Allocation (i)
Number of Trigger Levels
𝑖=1
"Initial Closing Commodity Index Level" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Commodity Index, the Closing Commodity Index Level of the 
Commodity Index on the Initial Pricing Date for such Commodity Index, and if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, being the amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Initial Value" in the row corresponding to such Commodity Index, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
"Initial Closing Fund Price" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of a Fund Share, the Closing Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund on the 
Initial Valuation Date for such Fund, and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the 
amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row 
corresponding to such Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment 
and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Closing Index Level" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of an Index, the Closing Index Level of the Index on the Initial Valuation Date for 
such Index, and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the amount specified in the 
Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row corresponding to such 
Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Closing Share Price" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of a Share, the Closing Share Price of such Share on the Initial Valuation Date for 
such Share, and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the amount specified in the 
Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row corresponding to such 
Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Commodity Index Level" means, in respect of a Commodity Index: 
(a)
if "Commodity Index Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity 
Index Level of the Commodity Index on the Initial Pricing Date for such Commodity 
Index; or

--- Page 383 ---
Payout Conditions 
370 
(b)
if "Commodity Index Strike Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Commodity Index Strike Level of the Commodity Index on the Initial Pricing Date for 
such Commodity Index; or 
(c)
the amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" 
in the row corresponding to such Commodity Index, being, (i) if "Commodity Index 
Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity Index Level of the 
Commodity Index on the Initial Pricing Date for the Commodity Index or (ii) if 
"Commodity Index Strike Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity 
Index Strike Level of the Commodity Index on the Initial Pricing Date for the 
Commodity Index, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction 
in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Commodity Price" means, in respect of a Commodity: 
(a)
if "Commodity Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity Price of 
the Commodity on the Initial Pricing Date for the Commodity; or 
(b)
if "Commodity Strike Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity 
Strike Price of the Commodity on the Initial Pricing Date for the Commodity; or 
(c)
the amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" 
in the row corresponding to such Commodity, being (i) if "Commodity Price" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity Price of the Commodity on the Initial Pricing 
Date for the Commodity or (ii) if "Commodity Strike Price" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Commodity Strike Price of the Commodity on the Initial Pricing Date 
for the Commodity,  
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction 
in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Commodity Reference Price" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price of the Commodity on the 
Initial Pricing Date for such Commodity, and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the 
amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row 
corresponding to such Commodity, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Equity Perf Allocation" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
1 −Initial Cash Allocation
"Initial FX Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate: 
(a)
if "FX Rate Initial Valuation" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the FX Rate on 
the FX Initial Valuation Date for the FX Rate; or 
(b)
the amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" 
in the row corresponding to such FX Rate, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction 
in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Initial Index Level" means, in respect of an Index: 
(a)
if "Index Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Index Level of the Index on 
the Initial Valuation Date for the Index; or

--- Page 384 ---
Payout Conditions 
371 
(b)
if "Index Strike Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Index Strike Level of 
the Index on the Initial Valuation Date for the Index; or 
(c)
the amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" 
in the row corresponding to such Index, being (i) if "Index Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Index Level of the Index on the Initial Valuation Date for the 
Index or (ii) if "Index Strike Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Index 
Strike Level of the Index on the Initial Valuation Date for the Index, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction 
in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of the Reference Asset and the Initial Valuation Date for such Reference Asset, the 
period commencing on the relevant Initial Observation Period Start Date and ending on the 
Initial Observation Period End Date. Where the Securities relate to a Basket of Reference 
Assets, there shall be a separate Initial Observation Period for each Reference Asset. 
"Initial Observation Period End Date" means, in respect of the Reference Asset, the Initial 
Valuation Date for such Reference Asset, which shall be the last day of the Initial Observation 
Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Initial Observation Period, as provided in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Initial Observation Period Start Date" means, in respect of the Reference Asset, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant Initial 
Observation Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Initial Observation Period, as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Initial Pricing Date" in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index, has the meaning given 
in the Commodity Linked Provisions. 
"Initial Reference Asset Closing Value" means in respect of a Reference Asset which is:  
(a)
a Share, the Initial Closing Share Price of such Share, the Lowest Initial Closing Share 
Price of such Share, the Lowest Initial Closing Share Price (Specified Observation Dates) 
of such Share or the Initial Average Share Price of such Share, as specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms;  
(b)
an Index, the Initial Closing Index Level of such Index, the Lowest Initial Closing Index 
Level of such Index, the Lowest Initial Closing Index Level (Specified Observation 
Dates) of such Index or the Initial Average Index Level of such Index, as specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms;  
(c)
a Commodity, the Initial Commodity Reference Price of such Commodity; 
(d)
a Commodity Index, the Initial Closing Commodity Index Level of such Commodity 
Index;  
(e)
an FX Rate, the Initial FX Rate of such FX Rate; and 
(f)
a Fund Share, the Initial Closing Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund.  
"Initial Reference Asset Intra-Day Value" means in respect of:  
(a)
a Share, the Initial Share Price of such Share;  
(b)
an Index, the Initial Index Level of such Index;  
(c)
a Commodity, the Initial Commodity Price of such Commodity; and 
(d)
a Commodity Index, the Initial Commodity Index Level of such Commodity Index. 
"Initial Share Price" means, in respect of a Share:

--- Page 385 ---
Payout Conditions 
372 
(a)
if "Share Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Share Price of the Share on 
the Initial Valuation Date for the Share; or 
(b)
if "Share Strike Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Share Strike Price of 
the Share on the Initial Valuation Date for the Share; or 
(c)
the amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" 
in the row corresponding to such Share, being (i) if "Share Price" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Share Price of the Share on the Initial Valuation Date for the 
Share or (ii) if "Share Strike Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Share 
Strike Price of the Share on the Initial Valuation Date for the Share,  
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction 
in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Valuation Date" in respect of:  
(a)
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions;  
(b)
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions; and 
(c)
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions. 
"Initial Value" means, in respect of a Reference Asset, the Initial Reference Asset Closing 
Value of such Reference Asset or the Initial Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of such Reference 
Asset or any other value or amount, in each case as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Instalment Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Investment Level (i)" means, in respect of each "i": 
(a)
if "Investment Level (i) - Trigger Level Determination" is not specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the Reference Asset Closing Value of the Reference Asset 
in respect of the Trigger Date (i) in respect of such "i", as determined by the Calculation 
Agent and subject to adjustment and/or correction in accordance with the Conditions; or 
(b)
if "Investment Level (i) - Trigger Level Determination" is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the Trigger Level (i) in respect of such "i". 
"Investment Period (i, t)" means, in respect of each Coupon Period (Drop Back) and each "i": 
(a)
if a Trigger Date (i) has not occurred in respect of any Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) in the Relevant Observation Period in respect of such Coupon Period (Drop 
Back), the number of calendar days in the period commencing on, but excluding, the 
Initial Valuation Date and ending on, and including, the Coupon Valuation Date on 
which such Coupon Period (Drop Back) ends; or 
(b)
if a Trigger Date (i) has occurred in respect of any Observation Date (Closing Valuation) 
in the Relevant Observation Period in respect of such Coupon Period (Drop Back), the 
number of calendar days in the period commencing on, but excluding, the Initial 
Valuation Date and ending on, and including, Trigger Date (i), 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"k" means in respect of each Early Redemption Date, the number of Early Redemption 
Valuation Dates falling prior to such Early Redemption Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Knock-In Best Performance Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Knock-In Event" means:

--- Page 386 ---
Payout Conditions 
373 
(a)
if "Knock-In Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of the Knock-In Reference Date and an Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation) falling in the Knock-In Observation Period corresponding to the 
Knock-In Reference Date (and a Knock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
the Reference Asset Closing Value of the Reference Asset on such Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal 
to the Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Knock-In Strike in 
respect of such Reference Asset, or (ii) "greater than the Knock-In Strike" is applicable, 
greater than the Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; or 
(b)
if "Knock-In Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of the Knock-In Reference Date and an Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation) falling in the Knock-In Observation Period corresponding to the Knock-
In Reference Date (and a Knock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of the Reference Asset at any time on such Observation 
Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than 
or equal to the Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Knock-In 
Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, or (ii) "greater than the Knock-In Strike" is 
applicable, greater than the Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, each as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(c)
if "Knock-In Reference Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, (and a Knock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Asset 
Closing Value of the Reference Asset on the Knock-In Reference Date is, if the relevant 
Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal to the Knock-In Strike" is applicable, 
greater than or equal to the Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, or (ii) 
"greater than the Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater than the Knock-In Strike in 
respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Knock-In Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of the Reference Asset and a Knock-In Reference Date for such Reference 
Asset, the period commencing on the relevant Knock-In Observation Period Start Date and 
ending on the relevant Knock-In Observation Period End Date. 
"Knock-In Observation Period End Date" means, if "Knock-In Observation Period" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Reference Asset and a 
Knock-In Reference Date for such Reference Asset, such Knock-In Reference Date for such 
Reference Asset, which shall be the last day of the relevant Knock-In Observation Period, and 
shall be included or excluded from the Knock-In Observation Period, as provided in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Knock-In Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Knock-In Observation Period" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Reference Asset and a 
Knock-In Reference Date for such Reference Asset, the date specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant Knock-In Observation Period, and shall 
be included or excluded from the Knock-In Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Knock-In Performance Event" means:  
(a)
if "Knock-In Performance Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Knock-In Reference Date and an Observation 
Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the Knock-In Performance Observation Period 
corresponding to the Knock-In Reference Date (and a Knock-In Performance Event shall 
be deemed to have occurred if), the Relevant Performance (Worst) in respect of such 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) 
"greater than or equal to the Knock-In Performance Strike" is applicable, greater than or 
equal to the Knock-In Performance Strike, or (ii) "greater than the Knock-In Performance 
Strike" is applicable, greater than the Knock-In Performance Strike, each as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; or

--- Page 387 ---
Payout Conditions 
374 
(b)
if "Knock-In Performance Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Knock-In Reference Date and an Observation 
Date (Intra-Day Valuation) falling in the Knock-In Performance Observation Period 
corresponding to the Knock-In Reference Date (and a Knock-In Performance Event shall 
be deemed to have occurred if), the Relevant Performance (Worst) at any time in respect 
of such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
that (i) "greater than or equal to the Knock-In Performance Strike" is applicable, greater 
than or equal to the Knock-In Performance Strike, or (ii) "greater than the Knock-In 
Performance Strike" is applicable, greater than the Knock-In Performance Strike, each 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(c)
if "Knock-In Performance Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, (and a Knock-In Performance Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the 
Relevant Performance (Worst) in respect of the Knock-In Reference Date is, if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal to the Knock-In Performance 
Strike" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Knock-In Performance Strike, or (ii) 
"greater than the Knock-In Performance Strike" is applicable, greater than the Knock-In 
Performance Strike, each as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Knock-In Performance Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset, the period commencing on the relevant 
Knock-In Performance Observation Period Start Date and ending on the relevant Knock-In 
Performance Observation Period End Date. Where the Securities relate to a Basket of Reference 
Assets, there shall be a separate Knock-In Performance Observation Period for each Reference 
Asset in respect of the Knock-In Reference Date. 
"Knock-In Performance Observation Period End Date" means, if "Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a 
Reference Asset and the Knock-In Reference Date for such Reference Asset, such Knock-In 
Reference Date for such Reference Asset, which shall be the last day of the relevant Knock-In 
Performance Observation Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Knock-In 
Performance Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Knock-In Performance Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a 
Reference Asset, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first 
day of the relevant Knock-In Performance Observation Period, and shall be included or 
excluded from the Knock-In Performance Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Knock-In Performance Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Knock-In Reference Date" means the Valuation Date, the Final Pricing Date, the FX 
Valuation Date, the Final Averaging Date in respect of the Valuation Date or any other date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Knock-In Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of 
the Reference Asset. 
"Last Occurring FWWB Coupon Performance Event Date" means, in respect of a Coupon 
Valuation Date: 
(a)
if an FWWB Coupon Performance Event has not occurred prior to such Coupon 
Valuation Date, the Issue Date; and 
(b)
if an FWWB Coupon Performance Event has occurred prior to such Coupon Valuation 
Date, the last Coupon Valuation Date (prior to such Coupon Valuation Date) on which 
an FWWB Coupon Performance Event has occurred. 
"Lock-in Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 388 ---
Payout Conditions 
375 
"Lock-in Event" means, in respect of a Lock-in Valuation Date and Securities that relate to: 
(a)
a single Reference Asset (and a Lock-in Event shall be deemed to have occurred in 
respect of such Lock-in Valuation Date if), the Reference Asset Closing Value of such 
Reference Asset on such Lock-in Valuation Date is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
that:  
(i)
"less than or equal to Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than or equal to the Lock-
in Level in respect of such Reference Asset; 
(ii)
"greater than or equal to Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than or equal to the 
Lock-in Level in respect of such Reference Asset; 
(iii)
"less than Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than the Lock-in Level in respect of 
such Reference Asset; or  
(iv)
"greater than Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than the Lock-in Level in 
respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b)
a Basket of Reference Assets (and a Lock-in Event shall be deemed to have occurred in 
respect of such Lock-in Valuation Date if), the Reference Asset Closing Value of each 
Reference Asset on such Lock-in Valuation Date is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
that:  
(i)
"less than or equal to Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than or equal to the Lock-
in Level in respect of such Reference Asset;  
(ii)
"greater than or equal to Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than or equal to the 
Lock-in Level in respect of such Reference Asset;  
(iii)
"less than Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than the Lock-in Level in respect of 
such Reference Asset; or  
(iv)
"greater than Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than the Lock-in Level in 
respect of such Reference Asset.  
"Lock-in Level" means, in respect of a Lock-in Valuation Date and a Reference Asset, the 
amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Lock-in Valuation Date and such 
Reference Asset.  
"Lock-in Valuation Date" means each or such Periodic Valuation Date or each or such Periodic 
Pricing Date as specified in the relevant Issue Terms or any other date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms.  
"Low Barrier" means (a) if "Contingent Coupon or Range Accrual Coupon (Single Reference 
Asset)" or "Contingent Coupon or Range Accrual Coupon (Worst of)" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset, the amount specified as 
such in respect of a Coupon Observation Period in the relevant Issue Terms for such Reference 
Asset or (b) if "Contingent Coupon or Range Accrual Coupon (Basket of Reference Assets)" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the amount specified as such in respect 
of a Coupon Observation Period in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Lowest Initial Closing Index Level" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Index and each Observation Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the 
Initial Observation Period for such Index, the lowest Closing Index Level of such Index on each 
such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being 
the amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the 
row corresponding to such Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Lowest Initial Closing Index Level (Specified Observation Dates)" means, if specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of an Index and each Specified Observation

--- Page 389 ---
Payout Conditions 
376 
Date for such Index, the lowest Closing Index Level of such Index on each such Specified 
Observation Date, and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the amount specified in 
the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row corresponding to 
such Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
"Lowest Initial Closing Share Price" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Share and each Observation Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the Initial 
Observation Period for such Share, the lowest Closing Share Price of such Share on each such 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation), and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the 
amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row 
corresponding to such Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment 
and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Lowest Initial Closing Share Price (Specified Observation Dates)" means, if specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Share and each Specified Observation 
Date for such Share, the lowest Closing Share Price of such Share on each such Specified 
Observation Date, and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the amount specified in 
the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row corresponding to 
such Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
"M" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount 
payable on such date, the number of Observation Dates (Closing Valuation) in the Coupon 
Observation Period ending on (and including or excluding, as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) the Coupon Observation Date falling most recently prior to such Coupon Payment Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"M (Basket)" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon 
Amount payable on such date, the number of Relevant Days in the Coupon Observation Period 
ending on (and including or excluding, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the Coupon 
Observation Date falling most recently prior to such Coupon Payment Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
"M(Worst of)" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon 
Amount payable on such date, the number of Relevant Days in the Coupon Observation Period 
ending on (and including or excluding, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the Coupon 
Observation Date falling most recently prior to such Coupon Payment Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.  
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the 
amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Max(i)" means: 
(a)
if a No Trigger Event has occurred, 0; or 
(b)
if a No Trigger Event has not occurred, the maximum value of "i" where a Trigger Event 
(i) has occurred in respect of such "i". 
"Memory Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Sum of Previous Coupon Amounts - APCA
"Memory Coupon Value" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of the 
amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Minimum Redemption Value" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 390 ---
Payout Conditions 
377 
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount 
payable on such date, the number of Observation Dates (Closing Valuation) in the Coupon 
Observation Period ending on (and including or excluding, as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) the Coupon Valuation Date or Coupon Observation Date falling most recently prior to 
such Coupon Payment Date on which the Reference Asset Closing Value of the Reference Asset 
is: 
(a)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal to the Low Barrier" is 
applicable, greater than or equal to the Low Barrier in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Period in respect of such Reference Asset, or (ii) "greater than the Low Barrier" is 
applicable, greater than the Low Barrier in respect of the Coupon Observation Period in 
respect of such Reference Asset; and 
(b)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "equal to or less than the High Barrier" is 
applicable, equal to or less than the High Barrier in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Period in respect of such Reference Asset, or (ii) "less than the High Barrier" is 
applicable, less than the High Barrier in respect of the Coupon Observation Period in 
respect of such Reference Asset, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"N (Basket)" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon 
Amount payable on such date, the number of Relevant Days in the Coupon Observation Period 
ending on (and including or excluding, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the Coupon 
Valuation Date or Coupon Observation Date falling most recently prior to such Coupon 
Payment Date on which the Relevant Performance (Basket) for such Relevant Day is: 
(a)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal to the Low Barrier" is 
applicable, greater than or equal to the Low Barrier in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Period for such Relevant Day, or (ii) "greater than the Low Barrier" is applicable, greater 
than the Low Barrier in respect of the Coupon Observation Period for such Relevant 
Day; and 
(b)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "equal to or less than the High Barrier" is 
applicable, equal to or less than the High Barrier in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Period for such Relevant Day, or (ii) "less than the High Barrier" is applicable, less than 
the High Barrier in respect of the Coupon Observation Period for such Relevant Day, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"N(Worst of)" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon 
Amount payable on such date, the number of Relevant Days in the Coupon Observation Period 
ending on (and including or excluding, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the Coupon 
Valuation Date or Coupon Observation Date falling most recently prior to such Coupon 
Payment Date on which the Reference Asset Closing Value of the Worst Performance Reference 
Asset for such Relevant Day is: 
(a)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal to the Low Barrier" is 
applicable, greater than or equal to the Low Barrier in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Period in respect of the Worst Performance Reference Asset for such Relevant Day, or 
(ii) "greater than the Low Barrier" is applicable, greater than the Low Barrier in respect 
of the Coupon Observation Period in respect of the Worst Performance Reference Asset 
for such Relevant Day; and 
(b)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "equal to or less than the High Barrier" is 
applicable, equal to or less than the High Barrier in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Period in respect of the Worst Performance Reference Asset for such Relevant Day, or 
(ii) "less than the High Barrier" is applicable, less than the High Barrier in respect of the 
Coupon Observation Period in respect of the Worst Performance Reference Asset for 
such Relevant Day, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 391 ---
Payout Conditions 
378 
"No Trigger Event" means that the Reference Asset Closing Value of the Reference Asset in 
respect of each Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is greater than the Trigger Level (i) in 
respect of each "i", as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Number of Reference Assets" means, in respect of each Security, if:  
(a)
"Put Strike Multiplier" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and: 
(i)
"Share FX Conversion" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, being, or if not 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, determined as, the number of shares of the 
Deliverable Reference Asset calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula (rounded to four decimal places, with 0.00005 
rounded upwards): 
CA
PSP(Initial)
(ii)
"Share FX Conversion" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the amount determined as, the number of shares of the Deliverable Reference 
Asset calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula (rounded to four decimal places, with 0.00005 rounded upwards): 
CA × Share FX Rate
PSP(Initial)
(b)
"Put Strike Multiplier" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and: 
(i)
"Share FX Conversion" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, being, or if not 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, determined as, the number of shares of the 
Deliverable Reference Asset calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula (rounded to four decimal places, with 0.00005 
rounded upwards): 
CA
PSP(Initial) × Put Strike
(ii)
"Share FX Conversion" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the amount determined as, the number of shares of the Deliverable Reference 
Asset calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula (rounded to four decimal places, with 0.00005 rounded upwards): 
CA × Share FX Rate
PSP(Initial) × Put Strike
(c)
"Drop Back Redemption Amount" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" are 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the amount determined as, the 
number of shares of the Deliverable Reference Asset calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula (rounded to four decimal places, with 0.00005 
rounded upwards): 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[(Final Cash Allocation + Equity Performance); Floor]
PSP (Final)
"Number of Trigger Levels" means an integer specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" in respect of:  
(a)
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions;  
(b)
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions;

--- Page 392 ---
Payout Conditions 
379 
(c)
a Commodity or a Commodity Index, has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked 
Provisions;  
(d)
an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions; and 
(e)
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions.  
"Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" in respect of: 
(a)
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions;  
(b)
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions;  
(c)
a Commodity or a Commodity Index, has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked 
Provisions; and 
(d)
an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions.  
"Observation Period" in respect of 
(a)
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions;  
(b)
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions;  
(c)
a Commodity or a Commodity Index, has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked 
Provisions;  
(d)
an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions; and 
(e)
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions. 
"Observation Period (Drop Back)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset, the period commencing on the relevant Observation 
Period (Drop Back) Start Date and ending on the relevant Observation Period (Drop Back) End 
Date. 
"Observation Period (Drop Back) End Date" means, if "Observation Period (Drop Back)" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the last day of the relevant 
Observation Period (Drop Back), and shall be included or excluded from the Observation Period 
(Drop Back), as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Observation Period (Drop Back) Start Date" means, if "Observation Period (Drop Back)" 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant 
Observation Period (Drop Back), and shall be included or excluded from the Observation Period 
(Drop Back), as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Participation" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"PCA" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Performance Factor 1" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Performance Factor 2" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Periodic Pricing Date" in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index, has the meaning 
given in the Commodity Linked Provisions. 
"Periodic Valuation Date" in respect of: 
(a)
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions;

--- Page 393 ---
Payout Conditions 
380 
(b)
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions; 
(c)
an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions; and 
(d)
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions.  
"PF1" means Performance Factor 1.  
"PF2" means Performance Factor 2.  
"Physical Settlement Price (Final)" means, in respect of a Deliverable Reference Asset, the 
Final Closing Share Price of such Deliverable Reference Asset or any other amount specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of such Deliverable Reference Asset. 
"Physical Settlement Price (Initial)" means, in respect of a Deliverable Reference Asset, the 
Initial Closing Share Price of such Deliverable Reference Asset, the Initial Share Price of such 
Deliverable Reference Asset or any other amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
in respect of such Deliverable Reference Asset. 
"PPDown" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"PPUp" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Previous Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period ending on or immediately before such Coupon Payment Date, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA × (Contingent Floating Rate+Spread) × Relevant DCF
"Protection" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"PSP (Final)" means the Physical Settlement Price (Final) in respect of the relevant Deliverable 
Reference Asset. 
"PSP (Initial)" means the Physical Settlement Price (Initial) in respect of the relevant 
Deliverable Reference Asset. 
"Put Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Range Accrual Coupon Factor" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Rebate" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Barrier" means either (a) an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or (b) in respect a Reference Asset, an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in 
respect of such Reference Asset. 
"RA 1 Final Value" means the Final Value of Reference Asset 1. 
"RA 1 Initial Value" means the Initial Value of Reference Asset 1. 
"RA 2 Final Value" means the Final Value of Reference Asset 2. 
"RA 2 Initial Value" means the Initial Value of Reference Asset 2.  
"Reference Asset 1" means the Reference Asset specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Reference Asset 2" means the Reference Asset specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Reference Asset Amount" or "Reference Asset Amounts" means in respect of each Security 
and a Share, the Rounded Number of Reference Assets which is to be delivered by the Delivery 
Agent on behalf of the Issuer. The Reference Asset Amount (a) will be determined in respect of

--- Page 394 ---
Payout Conditions 
381 
each Security without first aggregating the entire holding of Securities held by any Holder, and 
(b) to be delivered will include only whole Shares of the Deliverable Reference Asset and the 
Residual Cash Amount will be payable in lieu of any fractional Shares of the Deliverable 
Reference Asset. 
"Reference Asset Closing Value" means, on any relevant day in respect of a Reference Asset 
which is:  
(a)
a Share, the Closing Share Price of such Share on or in respect of such day;  
(b)
an Index, the Closing Index Level of such Index on or in respect of such day; 
(c)
a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price of such Commodity on or in respect of 
such day;  
(d)
a Commodity Index, the Closing Commodity Index Level of such Commodity Index on 
or in respect of such day; 
(e)
an FX Rate, the FX Rate on or in respect of such day; and 
(f)
a Fund Share, the Closing Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund on and in respect 
of such day. 
"Reference Asset Intra-Day Value" means at any relevant time on any relevant day in respect 
of:  
(a)
a Share, the Share Price of such Share at such time on or in respect of such day; and 
(b)
an Index, the Index Level of such Index at such time on or in respect of such day; 
(c)
a Commodity, the Commodity Price of such Commodity on or in respect of such day;  
(d)
a Commodity Index, the Commodity Index Level of such Commodity Index at such time 
on or in respect of such day; and 
(e)
an FX Rate, the FX Rate (Qualifying Actual Transaction) corresponding to such FX Rate 
at such time on or in respect of such day. 
"Reference Asset Table" means the table specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Reference Asset Value" means at any relevant time on any relevant day in respect of a 
Reference Rate, the Reference Value of such Reference Rate at such time on or in respect of 
such day. 
"Reference Value" has the meaning given in the Rate Linked Provisions. 
"Relevant Day" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Period, a day falling in such 
Coupon Observation Period which is an Observation Date (Closing Valuation) for each 
Reference Asset in the Basket of Reference Assets.  
"Relevant DCF" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon 
Amount payable on such date, the Day Count Fraction in respect of the Contingent Floating 
Rate Coupon Period ending on or immediately before such Coupon Payment Date. 
"Relevant Observation Period" means, in respect of a Coupon Period (Drop Back), the period 
from, but excluding, the Initial Valuation Date to, and including, the Coupon Valuation Date on 
which such Coupon Period (Drop Back) ends. 
"Relevant Performance" means Asset Performance, Relevant Performance (Basket), Relevant 
Performance (Best) or Relevant Performance (Worst), as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Relevant Performance (Basket)" means the aggregate of the Weighted Performance of each 
Reference Asset in a Basket of Reference Assets in respect of a relevant day.

--- Page 395 ---
Payout Conditions 
382 
"Relevant Performance (Best)" means the Asset Performance of the Best Reference Asset in 
respect of a relevant day. 
"Relevant Performance (Worst)" means the Asset Performance of the Worst Performance 
Reference Asset in respect of a relevant day. 
"Residual Amount" means, if the Deliverable Reference Asset specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms is: 
(a)
the Share, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(b)
the Worst Share, with respect to each Share specified in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Reference Asset(s)", if such Share is the Worst Share, the amount set 
forth in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Residual Amount" in the row 
corresponding to such Share; or 
(c)
the Final Worst Performance Share, with respect to each Share specified in the Reference 
Asset Table in the column entitled "Reference Asset(s)", if such Share is the Final Worst 
Performance Share, the amount set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Residual Amount" in the row corresponding to such Share, 
in each case, being, or if not specified in the relevant Issue Terms, determined as, an amount 
equal to the Number of Reference Assets minus the Rounded Number of Reference Assets, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Residual Cash Amount" means, in respect of each Security and the Deliverable Reference 
Asset, if: 
(a)
"Share FX Conversion" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as (i) the 
Residual Amount in respect of the Deliverable Reference Asset, multiplied by (ii) the 
Physical Settlement Price (Final); or 
(b)
"Share FX Conversion" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as (i) the 
Residual Amount in respect of the Deliverable Reference Asset, multiplied by (ii) the 
Physical Settlement Price (Final), and divided by (iii) the Share FX Rate. 
The Residual Cash Amount will be determined in respect of each Security without first 
aggregating the entire holding of Securities held by any Holder. 
"Reverse Trigger Bonus" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Rounded Number of Reference Assets" means in respect of each Security and if the 
Deliverable Reference Asset specified in the relevant Issue Terms is: 
(a)
the Share, an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(b)
the Worst Share, with respect to each Share specified in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Reference Asset(s)" and if such Share is the Worst Share, the amount 
set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Rounded Number of 
Reference Assets" in the row corresponding to such Share; or 
(c)
the Final Worst Performance Share, with respect to each Share specified in the Reference 
Asset Table in the column entitled "Reference Asset(s)" and if such Share is the Final 
Worst Performance Share, the amount set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Rounded Number of Reference Assets" in the row corresponding to 
such Share, 
in each case, being, or if not specified in the relevant Issue Terms, determined as, the Number 
of Reference Assets rounded down to the nearest whole Share as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.

--- Page 396 ---
Payout Conditions 
383 
"Security Redemption Amount" means the amount determined in accordance with Payout 
Condition 3. 
"Security Redemption Date" means in respect of Securities which are (a) Notes, the Maturity 
Date and (b) Certificates, the Redemption Date. 
"Security Redemption Reference Asset(s)" means each Reference Asset specified as such in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Share" has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions. 
"Share Currency" means, in respect of the Share of each Share Issuer set forth in the column 
entitled "Share Issuer" in the "FX Rate Table", the currency as specified in the column entitled 
"Share Currency" corresponding to such Share Issuer. 
"Share FX Rate" means the FX Rate in respect of the Deliverable Reference Asset on the FX 
Valuation Date, provided that, if the Share Currency of the Deliverable Reference Asset is the 
same as the Base Currency, such FX Rate shall be deemed to be one (1). 
"Share Issuer" has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions. 
"Share Price" has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions. 
"Single of a Basket Knock-In Event" means:  
(a)
if "Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Single of a Basket Knock-In Reference Date 
and an Observation Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the Single of a Basket Knock-In 
Observation Period corresponding to the Single of a Basket Knock-In Reference Date 
(and a Single of a Basket Knock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the 
Reference Asset Closing Value of any Reference Asset on such Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal 
to Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Single 
of a Basket Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference Asset or (ii) "greater than Single 
of a Basket Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater than the Single of a Basket Knock-In 
Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
or 
(b)
if "Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Single of a Basket Knock-In 
Reference Date and an Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) falling in the Single of a 
Basket Knock-In Observation Period corresponding to the Single of a Basket Knock-In 
Reference Date (and a Single of a Basket Knock-In Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of any Reference Asset at any time on 
such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
(i) "greater than or equal to Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater 
than or equal to the Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference 
Asset or (ii) "greater than Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater than 
the Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, each as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(c)
if "Single of a Basket Knock-In Reference Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, (and a Single of a Basket Knock-In Event shall be deemed to 
have occurred if), the Reference Asset Closing Value of any Reference Asset on the 
Single of a Basket Knock-In Reference Date is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
(i) "greater than or equal to Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater 
than or equal to the Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference 
Asset or (ii) "greater than Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater than 
the Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, each as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 397 ---
Payout Conditions 
384 
"Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a Single of a Basket Knock-In 
Reference Date for such Reference Asset, the period commencing on the relevant Single of a 
Basket Knock-In Observation Period Start Date and ending on the relevant Single of a Basket 
Knock-In Observation Period End Date. 
"Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period End Date" means in respect of a Reference 
Asset and a Single of a Basket Knock-In Reference Date for such Reference Asset, such Single 
of a Basket Knock-In Reference Date for such Reference Asset, which shall be the last day of 
the relevant Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period, and shall be included or excluded 
from the Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period Start Date" means in respect of a 
Reference Asset and a Single of a Basket Knock-In Reference Date for such Reference Asset, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant 
Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period, and shall be included or excluded from the 
Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Single of a Basket Knock-In Reference Date" means the Valuation Date, the Final Pricing 
Date, the FX Valuation Date, the Final Averaging Date in respect of the Valuation Date or any 
other date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms in respect of a Reference Asset. 
"Specified Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
in respect of each Coupon Payment Date or, if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the relevant 
Issue Terms, with respect to each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Coupon Payment Table 
in the column entitled "Coupon Payment Date(s)", the amount set forth in the Coupon Payment 
Table in the column entitled "Specified Coupon Amount" in the row corresponding to such 
Coupon Payment Date. 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the General Conditions. 
"Specified Observation Date" in respect of: 
(a)
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions; and 
(b)
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions. 
"Spread" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Strike1" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Strike2" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Sum FWWB Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date, the aggregate of 
the FWWB Coupon Rate for each Coupon Valuation Date in respect of which the "Fixed 
Coupon" is not applicable in the period from (but excluding) the Last Occurring FWWB Coupon 
Performance Event Date to (but excluding) such Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Sum of Previous Coupon Amounts" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being 
equal to the sum of all Previous Coupon Amounts in respect of each Coupon Payment Date 
preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment Date. 
"t" means in respect of the Coupon Payment Date immediately following each Coupon 
Valuation Date (for the purposes of this definition of t, the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), 
either (i) the amount set forth in the Coupon Payment Table in the column entitled "t" in the row

--- Page 398 ---
Payout Conditions 
385 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date or (ii) the number of Coupon Payment Dates 
falling in the period commencing on, but excluding, the Issue Date and ending on, and including, 
the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Trigger Date (i)" means, in respect of each "i", the first Observation Date (Closing Valuation) 
(if any) in respect of which a Trigger Event (i) has occurred, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Trigger Event (i)" means (and a Trigger Event (i) shall be deemed to have occurred), in respect 
of each "i": 
(a)
if the Number of Trigger Levels is greater than 1, and: 
(i)
if such "i" is a value falling from (and including) 1 to (but excluding) the Number 
of Trigger Levels, the Reference Asset Closing Value of the Reference Asset in 
respect of any Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is equal to or less than the 
Trigger Level (i) but greater than the Trigger Level (i + 1) in respect of such "i", 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii)
if such "i" equals to the Number of Trigger Levels, the Reference Asset Closing 
Value of the Reference Asset in respect of any Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) is equal to or less than the Trigger Level (i), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(b)
if the Number of Trigger Levels is equal to 1, the Reference Asset Closing Value of the 
Reference Asset in respect of any Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is equal to or 
less than the Trigger Level (i), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Trigger Level (i)" means, in respect of each "i", an amount specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Trigger Level (i + 1)" means, in respect of each "i" falling from (and including) 1 to (but 
excluding) the Number of Trigger Levels, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to Trigger Level (n) where "n" is an integer equal to i + 1, as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"UpCAP" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"UpPFI" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Upside Gearing" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Valuation Date" in respect of:  
(a)
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions;  
(b)
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions; and 
(c)
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions. 
"Value(t)" means in respect of a Reference Asset and any relevant day, the Reference Asset 
Closing Value of such Reference Asset or the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value in respect of 
such Reference Asset on such relevant day, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"VCA" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"W" means, in respect of a Reference Asset, the amount set forth in the column entitled "W" in 
the row corresponding to such Reference Asset in the Reference Asset Table, or, if different 
amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Reference Asset and Payout 
Condition 1, Payout Condition 2 or Payout Condition 3, the amount corresponding to such 
Reference Asset and such Payout Condition.

--- Page 399 ---
Payout Conditions 
386 
"Weighted Coupon Strike (High Watermark)" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date 
and each Reference Asset in a Basket of Reference Assets, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
W × Highest Value (Coupon)
Initial Value
"Weighted Coupon Factor Performance" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and 
each Reference Asset in a Basket of Reference Assets, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
W ×
Reference Asset Closing Value
Initial Reference Asset Closing Value × CFDM
"Weighted Performance" means, in respect of each Reference Asset in the Basket of Reference 
Assets, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(a)
"Weighted Performance (Value/Initial)" to be applicable, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
W ×
Value(t)
Initial Value
(b)
"Weighted Performance (Asset Return)" to be applicable, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
W × Value(t) − Initial Value
Initial Value
"Worst Final Value" means the Final Value of the Worst Reference Asset. 
"Worst Initial Value" means the Initial Value of the Worst Reference Asset. 
"Worst Performance Reference Asset" means, in respect of any relevant day, the Reference 
Asset with the lowest Asset Performance on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(provided that if two or more Reference Assets have the same lowest Asset Performance on 
such day, then the Calculation Agent shall determine which such Reference Asset shall be the 
Worst Performance Reference Asset in its sole and absolute discretion, and such Reference 
Asset shall be the Worst Performance Reference Asset for such day). 
"Worst Reference Asset" means, in respect of any relevant day, the Reference Asset with the 
lowest Asset Return on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent (provided that if two 
or more Reference Assets have the same lowest Asset Return on such day, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine which such Reference Asset shall be the Worst Reference Asset in its 
sole and absolute discretion, and such Reference Asset shall be the Worst Reference Asset for 
such day). 
"Worst Share" means, in respect of any relevant day, the Share with the lowest Asset Return 
on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent (provided that if two or more Shares have 
the same lowest Asset Return on such day, then the Calculation Agent shall determine which 
such Share shall be the Worst Share in its sole and absolute discretion, and such Share shall be 
the Worst Share for such day).  
(b)
Interpretation 
(i)
If "Trading in Units" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, one Note 
(of the Specified Denomination) will be equal to one Unit. Notes will be tradable by 
reference to the number of Notes being traded (each having the Specified Denomination) 
instead of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes being traded.

--- Page 400 ---
Payout Conditions 
387 
(ii)
If "Trading in Notional (Certificates)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, each reference in the Payout Conditions to "each Security" shall be deemed to be 
a reference to "each notional amount of each Security equal to the Calculation Amount". 
(iii)
Where the Securities are specified as "Note", each reference in the Payout Conditions to 
"each Security" shall be deemed to be a reference to "each nominal amount of each 
Security equal to the Calculation Amount". 
(iv)
Capitalised terms used but not defined in these Payout Conditions will have the meanings 
given to them in the General Conditions.

--- Page 401 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
388 
REFERENCE ASSET LINKED CONDITIONS 
SHARE LINKED PROVISIONS 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days .......................................................................................... 388 
1.1 
Single Share and Reference Dates .............................................................................. 388 
1.2 
Single Share and Averaging Dates ............................................................................. 388 
1.3 
Share Basket and Reference Dates ............................................................................. 389 
1.4 
Share Basket and Averaging Dates ............................................................................. 390 
2. 
Fallback Valuation Date ........................................................................................................ 391 
3. 
Correction of prices ................................................................................................................ 391 
4. 
Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events ...................................................................... 392 
5. 
Consequences of Extraordinary Events for a Share other than a Share that is a share of an 
Exchange Traded Fund .......................................................................................................... 392 
6. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events  .................................................................... 393 
7. 
Depositary Receipt Provisions ............................................................................................... 393 
7.1 
Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions ................................................... 393 
7.2 
Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions ....................................................... 395 
8. 
Consequences of Extraordinary Events in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange 
Traded Fund and a Successor Index Event (ETF) .................................................................. 398 
9. 
Adjustments to Securities linked to Shares in European Currencies ..................................... 399 
10. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................. 399 
These Share Linked Provisions shall apply to Securities for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
the Share Linked Provisions are applicable. 
1.
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1
Single Share and Reference Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a single Share (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Reference Dates only), 
and if the Calculation Agent determines that any Reference Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Reference 
Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that the Calculation Agent determines is not a 
Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Reference Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a)
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such Share as of 
the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, and such determination by 
the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (b) shall be deemed to be the Closing Share 
Price in respect of the Reference Date. 
1.2
Single Share and Averaging Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a single Share, and if the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging 
Date is a Disrupted Day and, in the relevant Issue Terms the consequence specified is: 
(a)
"Omission", then the Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date, 
provided that, if through the operation of this provision there would be no Averaging Dates then

--- Page 402 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
389 
the sole Averaging Date for such Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
following the final Scheduled Averaging Date that the Calculation Agent determines is not a 
Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following such 
final Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(i)
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the sole Averaging 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(ii)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such Share 
as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, and such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed 
to be the Closing Share Price in respect of the sole Averaging Date; 
(b)
"Postponement", then the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
following the Scheduled Averaging Date that the Calculation Agent determines is not a 
Disrupted Day (irrespective of whether that deferred Averaging Date is already or is deemed to 
be another Averaging Date), unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(i)
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already or is 
deemed to be another Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day); and 
(ii)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such Share 
as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, and such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed 
to be the Closing Share Price in respect of the relevant Averaging Date; or 
(c)
"Modified Postponement", then the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. 
If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the final Scheduled Averaging Date, then: 
(i)
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already or is 
deemed to be another Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day); and 
(ii)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such Share 
as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, and such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed 
to be the Closing Share Price in respect of the relevant Averaging Date. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, if in the 
relevant Issue Terms no consequence is specified, then, it shall be deemed that the consequence 
specified in "Modified Postponement" will apply. 
1.3
Share Basket and Reference Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Shares (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall 
apply to one or more particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Reference Dates 
only), and if the Calculation Agent determines that any Reference Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a)
the Reference Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines is not affected by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Reference Date; and 
(b)
the Reference Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines is affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that the 
Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day relating to that Share, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in

--- Page 403 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
390 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Reference 
Date is a Disrupted Day relating to that Share. In that case: 
(i)
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Date 
for the relevant Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(ii)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such Share 
as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, and such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed 
to be the Closing Share Price in respect of the Reference Date. 
1.4
Share Basket and Averaging Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Shares, and if the Calculation Agent determines that, for any 
Share, any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, in the relevant Issue Terms the consequence specified 
is: 
(a)
"Omission", then: 
(i)
the Averaging Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines is not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Averaging Date; 
and 
(ii)
the Averaging Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines is affected 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day will be deemed not to be an Averaging Date, 
provided that, if through the operation of this provision there would be no Averaging 
Dates for such Share, then the sole Averaging Date for such Share which the Calculation 
Agent determines is affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day following the final Scheduled Averaging Date that 
the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day relating to that Share, unless 
the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the final 
Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day relating to that Share. In that case: 
(A)
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the sole 
Averaging Date for the relevant Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day; and 
(B)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such 
Share as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, 
and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (B) 
shall be deemed to be the Closing Share Price in respect of the sole Averaging 
Date; 
(b)
"Postponement", then: 
(i)
the Averaging Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines is not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Averaging Date; 
and 
(ii)
the Averaging Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines is affected 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date that the Calculation Agent determines is 
not a Disrupted Day relating to that Share (irrespective of whether that deferred 
Averaging Date is or is deemed to be another Averaging Date), unless the Calculation 
Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number 
to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Averaging 
Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Share. In that case: 
(A)
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be such Averaging 
Date for the relevant Share (irrespective of whether that last consecutive

--- Page 404 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
391 
Scheduled Trading Day is already or is deemed to be another Averaging Date or 
is a Disrupted Day); and 
(B)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such 
Share as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, 
and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (B) 
shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Share Price in respect of the relevant 
Averaging Date; or 
(c)
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(i)
the Averaging Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines is not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Averaging Date; 
and 
(ii)
the Averaging Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines is affected 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Valid Date relating to 
that Share. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the relevant Valuation 
Time on the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day equal in number to the Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the final Scheduled Averaging Date: 
(A)
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging 
Date for the relevant Share (irrespective of whether that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day is already or is deemed to be another Averaging Date or 
is a Disrupted Day); and 
(B)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such 
Share as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, 
and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (B) 
shall be deemed to be the Closing Share Price in respect of the relevant Averaging 
Date. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, if in the 
relevant Issue Terms no consequence is specified, then, it shall be deemed that the consequence 
specified in "Modified Postponement" will apply. 
2.
Fallback Valuation Date 
Notwithstanding any other terms of the Share Linked Provisions, if a Fallback Valuation Date is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable to any Reference Date or Averaging Date (any such date 
being, a "Relevant Date"), and if: 
(a)
following adjustment of the original date on which such Relevant Date is scheduled to fall 
pursuant to either or both of Share Linked Provision 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) or 
Share Linked Provision 10 (Definitions), the Relevant Date in respect of a Share would 
otherwise fall after the Fallback Valuation Date in respect of the Share; or 
(b)
the Maximum Days of Disruption for the Relevant Date is specified to be "Zero" or "None", 
then the Fallback Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the Relevant Date for the Share. If the Fallback 
Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day relating to that Share, as the case 
may be, then the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for the Share as 
of the relevant Valuation Time on such Fallback Valuation Date and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this Share Linked Provision 2 shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing 
Share Price in respect of the Relevant Date. 
3.
Correction of prices 
In the event that any price published on the Exchange on any date which is utilised for any calculation 
or determination in connection with the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
published by the Exchange by the earlier of:

--- Page 405 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
392 
(a)
one Settlement Cycle after the original publication; and  
(b)
the second Business Day prior to the next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may 
have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the 
Securities may have to be made,  
the Calculation Agent may determine the amount that is payable or deliverable or make any 
determination in connection with the Securities after taking into account such correction, and, to the 
extent necessary, may adjust any relevant terms of the Securities to account for such correction.  
Upon making any such determination or adjustment, as applicable, to take into account any such 
correction, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders stating the 
determination or adjustment, as applicable, to any amount payable or deliverable under the Securities 
and/or any of the other relevant terms and giving brief details of the determination or adjustment, as 
applicable, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such determination 
or adjustment, as applicable, or any action taken. 
4.
Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred in respect of a Share, 
the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares and, if so, the Calculation Agent will 
(i) make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to one or more of any variable relevant to the exercise, 
settlement, payment or other terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account 
solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant 
Share) and (ii) determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). The Calculation Agent may (but need 
not) determine the appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded on such options 
exchange. 
Upon making any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Holders stating the adjustment to any amount payable under the Securities and/or any of the other 
relevant terms and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event, provided that any failure to 
give such notice shall not affect the validity of the Potential Adjustment Event or any action taken. 
5.
Consequences of Extraordinary Events for a Share other than a Share that is a share of 
an Exchange Traded Fund  
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, a Nationalisation, an Insolvency 
or a Delisting has occurred in respect of a Share other than a Share that is a share of an Exchange Traded 
Fund then, on or after the relevant Merger Date, Tender Offer Date or Announcement Date, as the case 
may be, the Calculation Agent may in its discretion either: 
(a)
(i) 
make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the 
Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic 
effect on the Securities of such Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency 
or Delisting, as the case may be (including adjustments to account for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the 
Securities), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) 
made in respect of such Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or 
Delisting, as the case may be, by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares 
traded on such options exchange; and 
(ii)
determine the effective date of that adjustment (but, in the case of a Tender Offer, the 
Share Issuer and the Share will not change); or  
(b)
if "Share Substitution" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then the 
Calculation Agent may select a new underlying share (in respect of the relevant Merger Event, 
Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, as the case may be, the "Replacement 
Share"), which Replacement Share will be deemed to be a Share in place of the Share which 
has been replaced by the Calculation Agent following such Merger Event, Tender Offer,

--- Page 406 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
393 
Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, as the case may be (and the Share Issuer of the 
Replacement Share will replace the Share Issuer of the replaced Share), and the Calculation 
Agent may make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the 
Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect 
on the Securities of the Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, 
as the case may be, and/or the replacement of the replaced Share by the Replacement Share 
(including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate 
or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Securities). Any Replacement Share will, to the 
extent practicable, be selected from the same industry, have shares denominated in the same 
currency and have a similar market capitalisation to the relevant replaced Share; or 
(c)
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under (a) or (if 
applicable) (b) will produce a commercially reasonable result, notify the Issuer and the Holders 
that the relevant consequence shall be the early redemption of the Securities, in which case on 
such date falling on or after the relevant Merger Date, Tender Offer Date or Announcement 
Date, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall redeem the 
Securities for an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 
31.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 
applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be 
deleted).  
6.
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events  
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, then the 
Calculation Agent shall,  
(a)
make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities 
as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the 
Securities of such Additional Disruption Events (including adjustments to account for changes 
in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the 
Securities); or 
(b)
determine and give notice to Holders that the Securities shall be redeemed on a date determined 
by the Calculation Agent, in which event the Issuer shall redeem the Securities and cause to be 
paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment 
Amount (as defined in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment 
Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which 
resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
7.
Depositary Receipt Provisions 
7.1
Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specify that the "Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" 
shall apply to a Share, then the provisions set out below shall apply, and, in relation to such Share, the 
other provisions of the Share Linked Provisions shall be deemed to be amended and modified as set out 
in this Share Linked Provision 7. 
(a)
The definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" shall be amended so that it reads as follows: 
""Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(i)
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares and/or Underlying 
Shares (unless resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such 
Shares and/or Underlying Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or 
similar issue; 
(ii)
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares and/or 
Underlying Shares of (i) such Shares and/or Underlying Shares, or (ii) other share capital 
or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation 
of the Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares and/or Underlying Shares,

--- Page 407 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
394 
or (iii) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, as a result of 
a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or 
warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less 
than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii)
in respect of a Share and/or Underlying Share, an amount per Share and/or Underlying 
Share is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary dividend; 
(iv)
a call by the Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, in respect of 
relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v)
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, or any of 
its subsidiaries of relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares whether out of profits or 
capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(vi)
in respect of the Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, an event that 
results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of 
common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Share Issuer or Underlying 
Shares Issuer, as appropriate, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement 
directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for 
a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price 
below their market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any 
adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption 
of such rights;  
(vii)
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value 
of the relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares; or 
(viii)
the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of the Deposit Agreement, 
provided that an event under (i) to (vii) (inclusive) above in respect of the Underlying Shares 
shall not constitute a Potential Adjustment Event unless, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, such event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares." 
(b)
If the Calculation Agent determines that:  
(i)
an event under (i) to (vii) (inclusive) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" 
has occurred in respect of any Underlying Share, the Calculation Agent will determine 
whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant Shares; or 
(ii)
an event under (viii) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" has occurred, the 
Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has an 
economic effect on the Securities;  
and, in each case, the Calculation Agent will make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to 
one or more of any variable relevant to the exercise, settlement, payment or other terms of the 
Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for (x) in respect of an 
event under (i) to (vii) (inclusive) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event", that diluting 
or concentrative effect, and (y) in respect of an event under (viii) of the definition of "Potential 
Adjustment Event", such economic effect on the Securities, as the case may be (provided that 
no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, 
stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) following the Potential Adjustment 
Event. The Calculation Agent may (amongst other factors) have reference to any adjustment 
made by the Depository under the Deposit Agreement.  
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make will produce a 
commercially reasonable result, it shall notify the Issuer and the Holders that the relevant 
consequence shall be the early redemption of the Securities, in which case, on such date as 
selected by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall redeem the Securities upon prior notice made 
to the Holders, and the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security

--- Page 408 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
395 
held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 31.1 
(Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, 
the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted).  
(c)
The definitions of "Merger Event" and "Tender Offer" shall be amended in accordance with the 
DR Amendment. 
(d)
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Merger Event or Tender Offer has occurred in respect 
of an Underlying Share, then where the Calculation Agent makes an adjustment to the Securities 
in connection with a Merger Event or Tender Offer, the Calculation Agent may (amongst other 
factors) have reference to any adjustment made by the Depository under the Deposit Agreement. 
(e)
The definitions of Nationalisation, Insolvency and Delisting shall be amended in accordance 
with the DR Amendment. 
(f)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of "Delisting", a Delisting shall not 
occur in respect of the Underlying Shares if the Underlying Shares are immediately re-listed, 
re-traded or re-quoted on an Acceptable Exchange regardless of the location of such Acceptable 
Exchange. 
(g)
The definition of "Announcement Date" shall be amended so that it reads as follows: 
""Announcement Date" means, in respect of (a) a Merger Event, the date of the first public 
announcement of a firm intention to engage in a transaction (whether or not subsequently 
amended) that leads to the Merger Event, (b) a Tender Offer, the date of the first public 
announcement of a firm intention to purchase or otherwise obtain the requisite number of voting 
shares (whether or not subsequently amended) that leads to the Tender Offer, (c) in the case of 
a Nationalisation, the date of the first public announcement to nationalise (whether or not 
subsequently amended) that leads to the Nationalisation, (d) in the case of an Insolvency, the 
date of the first public announcement of the institution of a proceeding or presentation of a 
petition or passing of a resolution (or other analogous procedure in any jurisdiction) that leads 
to the Insolvency, (e) in the case of a Delisting, the date of the first public announcement by the 
Exchange that the Shares will cease (or are intended to cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted in the manner described in the definition of Delisting, and (f) in the case of a termination 
of the Deposit Agreement, the date of the first public announcement by the Depository that the 
Deposit Agreement is (or will be) terminated. In respect of any event, if the announcement of 
such event is made after the actual closing time for the regular trading session on the relevant 
Exchange, without regard to any after hours or any other trading outside of such regular trading 
session hours, the Announcement Date shall be deemed to be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day." 
(h)
The definition of "Insolvency Filing" shall be amended in accordance with the DR Amendment. 
(i)
For the purpose of determining whether a Delisting has occurred in respect of the Share, each 
reference to the "Exchange" shall be deemed to include a reference to the primary exchange or 
quotation system on which the Underlying Shares are traded, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a provision is amended pursuant to this Share Linked Provision 7.1 in 
accordance with the DR Amendment, if the event described in such provision occurs in respect of the 
Underlying Shares or the Underlying Shares Issuer, then the consequence of such event shall be 
interpreted consistently with the DR Amendment and such event. 
7.2
Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specify that the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall 
apply to a Share, then the provisions set out below shall apply, and, in relation to such Share, the other 
provisions of these Share Linked Provisions shall be deemed to be amended and modified as set out in 
this Share Linked Provision 7.2: 
(a)
The definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" shall be amended so that it reads as follows:

--- Page 409 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
396 
""Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(i)
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares and/or Underlying 
Shares (unless resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such 
Shares and/or Underlying Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or 
similar issue; 
(ii)
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares and/or 
Underlying Shares of (i) such Shares and/or Underlying Shares, or (ii) other share capital 
or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation 
of the Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares and/or Underlying Shares, 
or (iii) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, as a result of 
a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or 
warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less 
than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii)
in respect of a Share and/or Underlying Share, an amount per Share and/or Underlying 
Share is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary dividend; 
(iv)
a call by the Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, in respect of 
relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v)
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, or any of 
its subsidiaries of relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares whether out of profits or 
capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(vi)
in respect of the Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, an event that 
results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of 
common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Share Issuer or Underlying 
Shares Issuer, as appropriate, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement 
directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for 
a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price 
below their market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any 
adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption 
of such rights;  
(vii)
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value 
of the relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares; or 
(viii)
the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of the Deposit Agreement, 
provided that an event under (i) to (vii) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" in 
respect of the Underlying Shares shall not constitute a Potential Adjustment Event unless, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, such event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the Shares." 
(b)
If the Calculation Agent determines that:  
(i)
an event under (i) to (vii) (inclusive) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" 
has occurred in respect of any Underlying Share, the Calculation Agent will determine 
whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant Shares; or 
(ii)
an event under (viii) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" has occurred, the 
Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has an 
economic effect on the Securities, 
and, in each case, the Calculation Agent will make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to 
one or more of any variable relevant to the exercise, settlement, payment or other terms of the 
Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for (x) in respect of an

--- Page 410 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
397 
event under (i) to (vii) (inclusive) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event", that diluting 
or concentrative effect, and (y) in respect of an event under (viii) of the definition of "Potential 
Adjustment Event", such economic effect on the Securities, as the case may be (provided that 
no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, 
stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) following the Potential Adjustment 
Event. The Calculation Agent may (amongst other factors) have reference to any adjustment 
made by the Depository under the Deposit Agreement.  
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make will produce a 
commercially reasonable result, it shall notify the Issuer and the Holders that the relevant 
consequence shall be the early redemption of the Securities, in which case, on such date as 
selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, the Issuer shall redeem the Securities upon 
prior notice made to the Holders, and the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect 
of each Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General 
Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment 
Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption)" 
shall be deleted). 
(c)
The definitions of "Merger Event" and "Tender Offer" shall be amended in accordance with the 
DR Amendment. 
(d)
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Merger Event or Tender Offer has occurred in respect 
of an Underlying Share, then where the Calculation Agent makes an adjustment to the Securities 
in connection with a Merger Event or Tender Offer, the Calculation Agent may (amongst other 
factors) have reference to any adjustment made by the Depository under the Deposit Agreement. 
(e)
The definitions of Nationalisation, Insolvency and Delisting shall be amended in accordance 
with the DR Amendment. 
(f)
The definition of "Announcement Date" shall be amended so that it reads as follows: 
""Announcement Date" means, in respect of (a) a Merger Event, the date of the first public 
announcement of a firm intention to engage in a transaction (whether or not subsequently 
amended) that leads to the Merger Event, (b) a Tender Offer, the date of the first public 
announcement of a firm intention to purchase or otherwise obtain the requisite number of voting 
shares (whether or not subsequently amended) that leads to the Tender Offer, (c) in the case of 
a Nationalisation, the date of the first public announcement to nationalise (whether or not 
subsequently amended) that leads to the Nationalisation, (d) in the case of an Insolvency, the 
date of the first public announcement of the institution of a proceeding or presentation of a 
petition or passing of a resolution (or other analogous procedure in any jurisdiction) that leads 
to the Insolvency, (e) in the case of a Delisting, the date of the first public announcement by the 
Exchange that the Shares will cease (or are intended to cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted in the manner described in the definition of Delisting, and (f) in the case of a termination 
of the Deposit Agreement, the date of the first public announcement by the Depository that the 
Deposit Agreement is (or will be) terminated. In respect of any event, if the announcement of 
such event is made after the actual closing time for the regular trading session on the relevant 
Exchange, without regard to any after hours or any other trading outside of such regular trading 
session hours, the Announcement Date shall be deemed to be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day." 
(g)
The definition of "Insolvency Filing" shall be amended in accordance with the DR Amendment. 
(h)
For the purpose of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred in respect of 
the Share, the following amendments shall be deemed to be made to the Share Linked 
Provisions: 
(i)
each reference in the definition of "Exchange Business Day", "Scheduled Closing Time", 
"Scheduled Trading Day", "Trading Disruption", "Exchange Disruption", "Early 
Closure" and "Disrupted Day", to the "Exchange" shall be deemed to include a reference 
to the primary exchange or quotation system on which the Underlying Shares are traded, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 411 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
398 
(ii)
the definition of "Market Disruption Event", "Trading Disruption" and "Exchange 
Disruption" shall be amended in accordance with the DR Amendment. 
(i)
For the purpose of determining whether a Delisting has occurred in respect of the Share, each 
reference to the "Exchange" shall be deemed to include a reference to the primary exchange or 
quotation system on which the Underlying Shares are traded, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a provision is amended pursuant to this Share Linked Provision 7.2 in 
accordance with the DR Amendment, if the event described in such provision occurs in respect of the 
Underlying Shares or the Underlying Shares Issuer, then the consequence of such event shall be 
interpreted consistently with the DR Amendment and such event. 
8.
Consequences of Extraordinary Events in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange 
Traded Fund and a Successor Index Event (ETF)  
8.1
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred in respect of a 
Share that is a share of an Exchange Traded Fund (the "Affected Exchange Traded Fund") 
then, on or after the Extraordinary Event Date, the following consequences shall apply in the 
following order: 
(a)
firstly, the Calculation Agent may in its discretion make such adjustment to the exercise, 
settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Securities of such 
Extraordinary Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Securities), which 
may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of 
such Extraordinary Event by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded 
on such options exchange; and determine the effective date of that adjustment (but, in 
the case of a Tender Offer, the Share Issuer and the Share will not change); 
(b)
secondly, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under 
paragraph (a) above will produce a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation 
Agent shall notify the Issuer and shall select an alternative exchange traded fund which 
is denominated in the same currency and, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
has a similar investment objective as the Affected Exchange Traded Fund to replace the 
Affected Exchange Traded Fund (such replacement exchange traded fund being the 
"Replacement Exchange Traded Fund" in respect of such Affected Exchange Traded 
Fund). If a Replacement Exchange Traded Fund is selected, that Replacement Exchange 
Traded Fund will be substituted for the Shares for all purposes of the Share Linked 
Provision and the Calculation Agent may determine in its sole discretion the appropriate 
date for the substitution of the Shares; 
(c)
thirdly, if the Calculation Agent is unable to, or does not, for any reason, select a 
Replacement Exchange Traded Fund in respect of an Affected Exchange Traded Fund 
in accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall select (i) an index 
or a basket of indices (and the respective weighting of each index in such basket) which 
is denominated in the same currency as the Affected Exchange Traded Fund and has, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, similar economic characteristics as the 
Affected Exchange Traded Fund (such index shall be, in relation to such Affected 
Exchange Traded Fund, the "Replacement Index", and if a basket of indices is selected, 
such basket shall be referred to as the "Replacement Index Basket" and each index 
comprising the basket shall be referred to as a "component index"), and (ii) the date from 
which such Replacement Index or Replacement Index Basket, as the case may be, shall 
replace the Affected Exchange Traded Fund (in relation to such Affected Exchange 
Traded Fund, the "Index Substitution Date") (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Index Substitution Date may be set by the Calculation Agent such that it falls prior to the 
event which resulted in the substitution, including, without limitation, on or prior to the 
Issue Date), and the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer. Following any such 
selection, the Replacement Index or Replacement Index Basket, as the case may be, shall 
replace the Affected Exchange Traded Fund on the Index Substitution Date and the

--- Page 412 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
399 
Calculation Agent shall, in its sole and absolute discretion, make such adjustment(s), 
modification(s), substitution(s), calculation(s), determination(s) and/or cancellation(s) 
that it determines in its discretion to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation 
methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms, redemption amount, disruption 
mechanism or any other terms in respect of the Securities to account for such replacement 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the manner in which the Securities shall be 
redeemed, any amount payable on redemption and/or whether any asset is to be delivered 
(and, if so, the amount thereof) on redemption); or 
(d)
fourthly, if the Calculation Agent is unable to, or does not, for any reason, select a 
Replacement Index or Replacement Index Basket, as the case may be, in respect of an 
Affected Exchange Traded Fund in accordance with paragraph (c) above, the Calculation 
Agent will notify the Issuer and the Holders that the relevant consequence shall be the 
early redemption of the Securities, in which case on such date falling on or after the 
relevant Extraordinary Event Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Securities for an amount 
equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), 
provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the words 
"(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
8.2
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "ETF - Successor Index Event Provision" to be applicable, 
then if the Calculation Agent determines that a Successor Index Event (ETF) has occurred in 
respect of the Underlying Index for a Share that is a share of an Exchange Traded Fund then, on 
or after the date on which the Successor Index Event (ETF) occurs, the Calculation Agent may 
determine that the Underlying Index will be deemed to be Successor Underlying Index and the 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to 
any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms 
of the Securities to account for such successor, provided that, if the Calculation Agent does not 
make such determination, the relevant consequence shall be the early redemption of the 
Securities, in which case the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall be 
redeemed on such date falling on or after the date on which Successor Index Event (ETF) occurs 
and the Issuer shall redeem the Securities for an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as 
defined in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or 
Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such 
early redemption)" shall be deleted).  
9.
Adjustments to Securities linked to Shares in European Currencies 
In respect of any Securities linked to or relating to Shares originally quoted, listed and/or dealt as of the 
Issue Date in a currency of a member state of the European Union that has not adopted the single currency 
in accordance with the EC Treaty, if such Shares are at any time after the Issue Date quoted, listed and/or 
dealt exclusively in euro on the relevant Exchange or, where no Exchange is specified, the principal 
market on which those Shares are traded, then the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment to the 
exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to preserve the economic terms of the Securities. The Calculation Agent will make any 
conversion necessary for purposes of any such adjustment based on the relevant official conversion rate 
or at an appropriate mid-market spot rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
prevailing as of the Valuation Time, as determined to be appropriate in the discretion of the Calculation 
Agent. No adjustments under this Share Linked Provision 9 will affect the currency denomination of any 
payment obligation arising out of the Securities. 
10.
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Securities to which 
the Share Linked Provisions apply: 
"Additional Disruption Events" means (a) a Change in Law, and (b) if Hedging Disruption and/or 
Insolvency Filing is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable, a Hedging Disruption and/or 
Insolvency Filing (as the case may be) (each, an "Additional Disruption Event"). 
"Announcement Date" means, in respect of (a) a Merger Event, the date of the first public announcement 
of a firm intention to engage in a transaction (whether or not subsequently amended) that leads to the

--- Page 413 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
400 
Merger Event, (b) a Tender Offer, the date of the first public announcement of a firm intention to purchase 
or otherwise obtain the requisite number of voting shares (whether or not subsequently amended) that 
leads to the Tender Offer, (c) in the case of a Nationalisation, the date of the first public announcement 
to nationalise (whether or not subsequently amended) that leads to the Nationalisation, (d) in the case of 
an Insolvency, the date of the first public announcement of the institution of a proceeding or presentation 
of a petition or passing of a resolution (or other analogous procedure in any jurisdiction) that leads to the 
Insolvency, (e) in the case of a Delisting, the date of the first public announcement by the Exchange that 
the Shares will cease (or are intended to cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted in the manner 
described in the definition of Delisting, (f) in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange Traded 
Fund and a NAV Publication Suspension (ETF), the date of the first public announcement of such NAV 
Publication Suspension (ETF), or, if there is no such announcement, the date of the first occurrence of 
such NAV Publication Suspension (ETF), (g) in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange Traded 
Fund and an Underlying Index Cancellation (ETF), the date of the first public announcement of such 
Underlying Index Cancellation (ETF), or, if there is no such announcement, the date of the first 
occurrence of such Underlying Index Cancellation (ETF), and (h) in respect of a Share that is a share of 
an Exchange Traded Fund and an Underlying Index Modification (ETF), the date of the first public 
announcement of such Underlying Index Modification (ETF), or, if there is no such announcement, the 
date of the first occurrence of such Underlying Index Modification (ETF). In respect of any event, if the 
announcement of such event is made after the actual closing time for the regular trading session on the 
relevant Exchange, without regard to any after hours or any other trading outside of such regular trading 
session hours, the Announcement Date shall be deemed to be the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Share and an Initial Valuation Date, a Coupon Valuation Date, 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable), each date specified as such or 
otherwise determined as provided in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, in respect of such Initial 
Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as 
applicable), or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Share, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Share. 
For the avoidance of doubt, references to Averaging Date or Averaging Dates shall be deemed to refer 
to Averaging Date or Averaging Dates in respect of the relevant Initial Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation 
Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable) and shall not include 
Averaging Dates in respect of any other Initial Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date of the Securities (a) due to the adoption of or 
any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to 
the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Calculation Agent determines that (x) it has, or it will, within the next 15 calendar days 
but on or prior to the Maturity Date, Redemption Date or Settlement Date, as is applicable to the 
Securities, become illegal for any of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and/or any of their respective 
affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of Shares, or (y) (if "Change in Law – Increased Cost" is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations in relation to the Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase 
in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Clearance System" means, in respect of a Share, the principal domestic clearance system customarily 
used for settling trades in the relevant Share. If the Clearance System ceases to settle trades in such Share, 
the Clearance System will be determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a Clearance System and a Share, any day on 
which such Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Share Settlement Disruption Event, 
would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Closing Share Price" means, on any day in respect of a Share, the official closing price of such Share 
on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, or if there is no official closing price, the 
mid-market price per such Share on the Exchange at the Valuation Time on such day, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Share Linked Provisions.

--- Page 414 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
401 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a Share, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Delisting" means that, in respect of any relevant Shares, the Exchange under its rules and for any reason 
(other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) ceases (or announces an intention to cease) the admission 
to listing and/or trading and/or the public quotation of the Shares on the Exchange (for the avoidance of 
doubt, the indefinite suspension of admission to trading and/or listing and/or public quotation constitutes 
cessation for this purpose) and such Shares are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an 
exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is 
within the European Union, in any member state of the European Union) provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined that there is reasonably comparable liquidity on that exchange or quotation system 
relative to the liquidity that existed on the Exchange (such exchange or quotation system, an "Acceptable 
Exchange") or such other exchange(s) as are specified as "Re-listing Exchange(s)" in the relevant Issue 
Terms (or its or their successors as determined by the Calculation Agent). For the avoidance of doubt, 
an Acceptable Exchange or Re-listing Exchange(s) shall exclude any listing service for shares traded 
over-the-counter. 
"Deposit Agreement" means, in relation to the Shares, the agreements or other instruments constituting 
the Shares, as from time to time amended or supplemented in accordance with their terms. 
"Depository" means, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that the "Partial Lookthrough Depositary 
Receipt Provisions" or the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall apply to a Share, the 
Share Issuer of the Shares. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred. 
"DR Amendment" means, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that: 
(a)
the "Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall apply to a Share, in respect of 
the definitions of "Merger Event", "Tender Offer", "Nationalisation", "Insolvency", "Delisting" 
and "Insolvency Filing", that the following changes shall be made to such definition or 
provision: (i) all references to "Shares" shall be deleted and replaced with the words "Shares 
and/or the Underlying Shares"; and (ii) all references to "Share Issuer" shall be deleted and 
replaced with the words "Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate". 
(b)
the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall apply to a Share, in respect of the 
definitions of "Merger Event", "Tender Offer", "Nationalisation", "Insolvency", "Delisting", 
"Insolvency Filing", "Market Disruption Event", "Trading Disruption" and "Exchange 
Disruption" that the following changes shall be made to such definition or provision: (i) all 
references to "Shares" shall be deleted and replaced with the words "Shares and/or the 
Underlying Shares"; and (ii) all references to "Share Issuer" shall be deleted and replaced with 
the words "Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate". 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of a Share, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant 
Exchange relating to such Share or any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless 
such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, at 
least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into such Exchange or Related Exchange system for 
execution as at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms for such Share, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Share has temporarily relocated (provided that 
the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Share on 
which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Share are open for trading during their

--- Page 415 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
402 
respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general 
(a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Shares on the Exchange, or (b) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to such Share on any 
relevant Related Exchange. 
"Exchange Traded Fund" means an exchange traded fund specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Extraordinary Events" means a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, a Nationalisation, an Insolvency or a 
Delisting and:  
(a)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that the "Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" 
or the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall apply to a Share, then 
"Extraordinary Events" also means the announcement by the Depository that the Deposit 
Agreement is (or will be) terminated;  
(b)
in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange Traded Fund only, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify:  
(i)
"Extraordinary Events  NAV Publication Suspension (ETF)" to be applicable, then 
"Extraordinary Events" also means a NAV Publication Suspension (ETF);  
(ii)
"Extraordinary Events  Underlying Index Cancellation (ETF)" to be applicable, 
then "Extraordinary Events" also means an Underlying Index Cancellation (ETF); 
(iii)
"Extraordinary Events  Underlying Index Modification (ETF)" to be applicable, 
then "Extraordinary Events" also means an Underlying Index Modification (ETF),  
each, an "Extraordinary Event". 
"Extraordinary Event Date" means, in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange Traded Fund 
and an Extraordinary Event, the earliest to occur of the relevant Merger Date, Tender Offer Date or 
Announcement Date, as is applicable to such Extraordinary Event, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Fallback Valuation Date" means, in respect of any Share, the date(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms for any date specified in the relevant Issue Terms on which the price of such Share is required 
to be determined, or, if "Default Fallback Valuation Date" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then 
the Fallback Valuation Date for any date on which the price of such Share is required to be determined 
shall be the second Business Day prior to the next following date upon which any payment or delivery 
of assets may have to be made by the Issuer by reference to the price of such Share on such day. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and the Issuer performing its 
obligations with respect to or in connection with the relevant Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Initial Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a Share, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Share Issuer (a) all the Shares of 
that Share Issuer are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) 
holders of the Shares of that Share Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring them.

--- Page 416 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
403 
"Insolvency Filing" means that the Share Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over 
it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or 
it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for 
its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such 
a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to 
by the Share Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading 
Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is 
material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, (c) an Early 
Closure, or (d) in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange Traded Fund only and, if the relevant 
Issue Terms specify "Market Disruption Event - NAV Temporary Publication Suspension (ETF)" 
to be applicable, then "Market Disruption Event" also means a NAV Temporary Publication 
Suspension (ETF). 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of 
Scheduled Trading Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined 
under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (a) reclassification or change of such 
Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding 
to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the 
Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange ins which such Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in 
a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (c) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange 
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 
per cent. of the outstanding Shares of the Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity 
or person), or (d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or 
its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding 
Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following such 
event (a "Reverse Merger"), in each case if the Merger Date is on or before the final Reference Date or 
Averaging Date, as is applicable (provided that in relation to Warrants settled by Issuer Physical 
Settlement, the Expiration Date shall be deemed to be the final Reference Date). 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of a Share Issuer are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"NAV Publication Suspension (ETF)" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
management company of the Exchange Traded Fund, or any other entity who has been delegated the 
responsibility to publish the net asset value of each Share, has failed to or will fail to, or has not published 
or will not publish, the net asset value of each Share, and such failure to publish or non-publication will, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, have a material effect 
on the Securities and will be for more than a short period of time and/or will not be of a temporary nature.  
"NAV Temporary Publication Suspension (ETF)" means that, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the management company of the Exchange Traded Fund, or any other entity who has been 
delegated the responsibility to publish the net asset value of each Share, fails to or does not publish, the 
net asset value of each Share, and such failure to publish or non-publication will, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, have a material effect on the Securities.  
"Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Share and an Observation Period, (i) each Scheduled Trading Day which is not a

--- Page 417 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
404 
Disrupted Day for such Share falling in the Observation Period, and (ii) each Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation). Where "Specified Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, in respect of a 
Share and if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms, notwithstanding that such day may not be a Scheduled Trading Day or is a 
Disrupted Day for such Share. 
"Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Share and an Observation Period, (i) each day falling in the Observation Period on 
which such Share is traded on the relevant Exchange, regardless of whether such day is a Scheduled 
Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for such Share, and (ii) each Specified Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation). Where "Specified Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, in respect of a Share 
and if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each date specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms, notwithstanding that such day may not be a day on which such Share is traded on the 
relevant Exchange. 
"Observation Period" means an Averaging Observation Period, an Initial Observation Period, a Barrier 
Observation Period, a Barrier Performance Observation Period, a Coupon Observation Period, a Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Observation Period, a Daily Observation Final Redemption Observation 
Period, a Knock-In Observation Period, a Knock-In Performance Observation Period, a Single of a 
Basket Knock-In Observation Period or an Observation Period (Drop Back) (each as defined in the 
Payout Conditions), as the case may be. 
"Periodic Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a Share, the next following Scheduled Trading Day.  
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a)
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless resulting in a Merger 
Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b)
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (i) such Shares, or 
(ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such Shares, or (iii) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or 
owned (directly or indirectly) by the Share Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction, or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for 
payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(c)
in respect of a Share, an amount per Share is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an 
extraordinary dividend; 
(d)
a call by the Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e)
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise; 
(f)
in respect of the Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or 
becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the 
Share Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile 
takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred 
stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such 
an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(g)
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
relevant Shares.

--- Page 418 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
405 
"Reference Date" means each Initial Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Periodic Valuation Date, 
Valuation Date or Specified Observation Date, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Share Linked Provisions. 
"Related Exchange" means, in respect of any Share, each exchange or quotation system, if any, specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to the Share has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to the Share on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided, however, that where "All 
Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or 
quotation system (as determined by the Calculation Agent) where trading has a material effect (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to 
the Share. 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Share and in respect of an Exchange or Related 
Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or 
Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Coupon Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Initial Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Initial Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Periodic Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Periodic Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Reference Date" means each Scheduled Initial Valuation Date, Scheduled Coupon 
Valuation Date, Scheduled Periodic Valuation Date, Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Specified 
Observation Date. 
"Scheduled Specified Observation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Specified Observation Date. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share, any day on which each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange for the Share are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading 
sessions. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Cycle" means the period of Clearance System Business Days following a trade in the Share 
on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange. 
"Share" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Share Linked Provisions, the share or shares 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly, and, 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that a Share is a "Share of Exchange Traded Fund", the Share 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms shall be a share of an Exchange Traded Fund. 
"Share Issuer" means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of such Share. 
"Share Price" means, in respect of a Share and any relevant time on any relevant day, the price at which 
such Share trades on the relevant Exchange at such time on such day, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If "Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Closing Share Price of a Share on or in respect of any relevant day shall be deemed to be a 
Share Price in respect of an Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) for such Share falling on such 
relevant day.

--- Page 419 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
406 
"Share Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, an event that the Calculation Agent 
determines is beyond the control of the Issuer and/or its affiliates as a result of which the relevant 
Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of such Share. 
"Share Strike Price" means, in respect of a Share and any relevant day, the relevant price of the Share 
on or in respect of such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Specified Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a Share, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Successor Index Event (ETF)" means, in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange Traded 
Fund, the Underlying Index for such Exchange Traded Fund is (i) not calculated and announced by the 
Index Sponsor but is calculated and announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor index (a "Successor Underlying Index") using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of such Underlying Index. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than ten per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of 
the outstanding voting shares of the Share Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon 
the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in the amount 
of the applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent). 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of, or limitation imposed on, trading 
by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise, and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise, (a) relating 
to the Share on the relevant Exchange or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any 
relevant Related Exchange. 
"Underlying Index" means, in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange Traded Fund, the index 
underlying such Exchange Traded Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Underlying Index Cancellation (ETF)" means, in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange 
Traded Fund, the Underlying Index for such Exchange Traded Fund is permanently cancelled and no 
Successor Underlying Index (as defined in the definition of "Successor Index Event (ETF)" above) exists 
as at the date of such cancellation, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Underlying Index Modification (ETF)" means, in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange 
Traded Fund, and the Underlying Index for such Exchange Traded Fund, the relevant Underlying Index 
sponsor making or announcing that it will make a material change in the formula for, or the method of, 
calculating the relevant Underlying Index, or in any other way materially modifies such Underlying 
Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Underlying Shares" means the shares or other securities which are the subject of the Deposit 
Agreement. 
"Underlying Shares Issuer" means the issuer of the Underlying Shares. 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Share and on 
which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a Share, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Valuation Time" means the time in the place specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no such time 
is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant day in relation to each 
Share to be valued. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified

--- Page 420 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
407 
Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time 
shall be such actual closing time.

--- Page 421 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
408 
INDEX LINKED PROVISIONS 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days ........................................................................................... 408 
1.1 
Single Index and Reference Dates .............................................................................. 408 
1.2 
Single Index and Averaging Dates .............................................................................. 408 
1.3 
Index Basket and Reference Dates .............................................................................. 409 
1.4 
Index Basket and Averaging Dates ............................................................................. 410 
1.5 
Formula for and method of calculating an Index level after the Maximum Days of 
Disruption ................................................................................................................... 411 
2. 
Fallback Valuation Date ......................................................................................................... 412 
3. 
Correction of Index levels ...................................................................................................... 412 
4. 
Consequences of Successors and Index Adjustment Events .................................................. 413 
4.1 
Consequences of a Successor Index Sponsor or a Successor Index ............................ 413 
4.2 
Consequences of an Index Adjustment Event ............................................................. 413 
5. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events ..................................................................... 413 
6. 
Index Disclaimer .................................................................................................................... 414 
7. 
Non-compliant Fallbacks ....................................................................................................... 414 
8. 
Definitions .............................................................................................................................. 414 
These Index Linked Provisions shall apply to Securities for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
the Index Linked Provisions are applicable. 
1.
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1
Single Index and Reference Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a single Index (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Reference Dates only), 
and if the Calculation Agent determines that any Reference Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Reference 
Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index that the Calculation 
Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days in respect of the Index equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a)
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index shall be deemed to be the 
Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b)
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on or in 
respect of that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index in accordance 
with Index Linked Provision 1.5 (Formula for and method of calculating an Index level after 
the Maximum Days of Disruption), and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this paragraph (b) shall be deemed to be the Closing Index Level in respect of the Reference 
Date. 
1.2
Single Index and Averaging Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a single Index, and if the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging 
Date is a Disrupted Day and, in the relevant Issue Terms the consequence specified is: 
(a)
"Omission", then the Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date, 
provided that, if through the operation of this provision there would be no Averaging Dates then 
the sole Averaging Date for the Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day in 
respect of the Index following the final Scheduled Averaging Date that the Calculation Agent 
determines is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the

--- Page 422 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
409 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days in respect of the Index equal in number to the Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following such final Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day. In that case: 
(i)
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index shall be deemed to 
be the sole Averaging Date for the Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day; and 
(ii)
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on 
or in respect of that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index in 
accordance with Index Linked Provision 1.5 (Formula for and method of calculating an 
Index level after the Maximum Days of Disruption), and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the Closing Index 
Level in respect of the sole Averaging Date; 
(b)
"Postponement", then the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
in respect of the Index following the Scheduled Averaging Date that the Calculation Agent 
determines is not a Disrupted Day (irrespective of whether that deferred Averaging Date is 
already or is deemed to be another Averaging Date), unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days in respect of the Index equal in number to 
the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(i)
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index shall be deemed to 
be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day in respect of the Index is already or is deemed to be another Averaging Date or is a 
Disrupted Day); and 
(ii)
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on 
or in respect of that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index in 
accordance with Index Linked Provision 1.5 (Formula for and method of calculating an 
Index level after the Maximum Days of Disruption), and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the Closing Index 
Level in respect of the relevant Averaging Date; or 
(c)
"Modified Postponement", then the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. 
If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index equal in number to the Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the final Scheduled Averaging Date, then: 
(i)
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index shall be deemed to 
be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day in respect of the Index is already or is deemed to be another Averaging Date or is a 
Disrupted Day); and 
(ii)
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on 
or in respect of that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index in 
accordance with Index Linked Provision 1.5 (Formula for and method of calculating an 
Index level after the Maximum Days of Disruption), and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the Closing Index 
Level in respect of the relevant Averaging Date. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, if in the relevant 
Issue Terms no consequence is specified, then it shall be deemed that the consequence specified in 
"Modified Postponement" will apply. 
1.3
Index Basket and Reference Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Indices (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall 
apply to one or more particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Reference Dates 
only), and if the Calculation Agent determines that any Reference Date is a Disrupted Day, then:

--- Page 423 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
410 
(a)
the Reference Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is not affected by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Reference Date; and 
(b)
the Reference Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day in respect 
of such Index that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day relating to that 
Index, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days in respect of such Index equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day relating to that Index. In that case: 
(i)
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index shall be deemed to 
be the Reference Date for the Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day; and 
(ii)
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of such Index as of the Valuation Time 
on or in respect of that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index 
in accordance with Index Linked Provision 1.5 (Formula for and method of calculating 
an Index level after the Maximum Days of Disruption), and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Closing Index Level in respect of the Reference Date. 
1.4
Index Basket and Averaging Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Indices, and if the Calculation Agent determines that any 
Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, in the relevant Issue Terms the consequence specified is: 
(a)
"Omission", then: 
(i)
the Averaging Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Averaging Date; 
and 
(ii)
the Averaging Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is affected 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day will be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for 
such Index, provided that, if through the operation of this provision there would be no 
Averaging Dates for such Index, then the sole Averaging Date for such Index which the 
Calculation Agent determines is affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index following the final 
Scheduled Averaging Date that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day 
relating to such Index, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days in respect of such Index equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the final Scheduled Averaging 
Date is a Disrupted Day relating to that Index. In that case: 
(A)
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index shall be 
deemed to be the sole Averaging Date for such Index, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(B)
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of such Index as of the Valuation 
Time on or in respect of that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect 
of such Index in accordance with Index Linked Provision 1.5 (Formula for and 
method of calculating an Index level after the Maximum Days of Disruption), and 
such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (B) shall 
be deemed to be the relevant Closing Index Level in respect of the sole Averaging 
Date; 
(b)
"Postponement", then: 
(i)
the Averaging Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Averaging Date; 
and

--- Page 424 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
411 
(ii)
the Averaging Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is affected 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day in respect of such Index following the Scheduled Averaging Date that the 
Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day relating to that Index (irrespective 
of whether that deferred Averaging Date is or is deemed to be another Averaging Date), 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days in respect of such Index equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day relating to such 
Index. In that case: 
(A)
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index shall be 
deemed to be such Averaging Date for the Index (irrespective of whether that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index is already or is 
deemed to be another Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day); and 
(B)
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of such Index as of the Valuation 
Time on or in respect of that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect 
of such Index in accordance with Index Linked Provision 1.5 (Formula for and 
method of calculating an Index level after the Maximum Days of Disruption), and 
such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (B) shall 
be deemed to be the relevant Closing Index Level in respect of the relevant 
Averaging Date; or 
(c)
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(i)
the Averaging Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Averaging Date; 
and 
(ii)
the Averaging Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is affected 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Valid Date relating to 
such Index. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the final 
Scheduled Averaging Date: 
(A)
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Date for such Index (irrespective of whether that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index is already or is 
deemed to be another Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day); and 
(B)
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level of such Index as of the 
Valuation Time on or in respect of that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day 
in respect of such Index in accordance with Index Linked Provision 1.5 (Formula 
for and method of calculating an Index level after the Maximum Days of 
Disruption), and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this 
paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Index Level in respect 
of the relevant Averaging Date. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, if in the relevant 
Issue Terms no consequence is specified, then it shall be deemed that the consequence specified in 
"Modified Postponement" will apply. 
1.5
Formula for and method of calculating an Index level after the Maximum Days of 
Disruption 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the relevant Valuation Time on or in 
respect of the relevant last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, pursuant to Index Linked Provisions 
1.1(b), 1.2(a)(ii), 1.2(b)(ii), 1.2(c)(ii), 1.3(b)(ii), 1.4(a)(ii)(B), 1.4(b)(ii)(B) and 1.4(c)(ii)(B), in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence 
of the relevant first Disrupted Day, using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time

--- Page 425 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
412 
on the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each Component comprised in the Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Share Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of any relevant Component that is a 
Share (or an analogous event has occurred in respect of any relevant Component that is not a Share) on 
such last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day for any relevant Component, or such last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any relevant Component, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component as of the Valuation 
Time on the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day). 
2.
Fallback Valuation Date 
Notwithstanding any other terms of the Index Linked Provisions, if a Fallback Valuation Date is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable to any Reference Date or Averaging Date (any such date 
being, a "Relevant Date"), and if: 
(a)
following adjustment of the original date on which such Relevant Date is scheduled to fall 
pursuant to adjustment of the Relevant Date pursuant to either or both of (i) Index Linked 
Provision 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) or (ii) Index Linked Provision 8 (Definitions), 
the Relevant Date in respect of an Index would otherwise fall after the Fallback Valuation Date 
in respect of the Index; or 
(b)
the Maximum Days of Disruption for the Relevant Date is specified to be "Zero" or "None", 
then the Fallback Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the Relevant Date for the Index. If the Fallback 
Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day relating to that Index, as the case 
may be, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Closing Index Level as of the Valuation Time on 
the Fallback Valuation Date in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last 
in effect prior to the occurrence of the first day that is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted 
Day, using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the Fallback Valuation Date 
of each Component comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Share Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of any relevant Component that is a Share (or an analogous event has occurred in 
respect of any relevant Component that is not a Share) on such Fallback Valuation Date or such Fallback 
Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any relevant Component, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on the Fallback Valuation Date), and such determination by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this Index Linked Provision 2 shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Index Level in 
respect of the Relevant Date. 
3.
Correction of Index levels 
In the event that any relevant level of an Index published by the Index Sponsor on any date which is 
utilised for any calculation or determination in connection with the Securities is subsequently corrected 
and the correction is published by the Index Sponsor: 
(a)
by the second Business Day prior to the next date on which any relevant payment may have to 
be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the 
Securities may have to be made; or 
(b)
if earlier, one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, 
then the Calculation Agent may determine the amount that is payable or make any determination in 
connection with the Securities, after taking into account such correction, and, to the extent necessary, 
may adjust any relevant terms of the Securities to account for such correction. 
Upon making any such determination or adjustment, as applicable, to account for such correction, the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders stating the determination or 
adjustment, as applicable, to any amount payable under the Securities and/or any of the other relevant 
terms and giving brief details of the determination or adjustment, as applicable, provided that any failure 
to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the determination or adjustment, as applicable, such 
correction or any action taken.

--- Page 426 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
413 
4.
Consequences of Successors and Index Adjustment Events 
4.1
Consequences of a Successor Index Sponsor or a Successor Index 
If an Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and announced by 
a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent (a "Successor Index Sponsor") or (ii) replaced 
by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially 
similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of such Index, then in each case 
such index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed to be the Index.  
The Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any 
variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the 
Securities to account for such successor. 
Upon making any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Holders stating the adjustment to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment 
terms or any other terms of the Securities and/or any of the other relevant terms and giving brief details 
of the adjustment provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the 
adjustment or any action taken. 
4.2
Consequences of an Index Adjustment Event 
If an Index Adjustment Event has occurred in respect of the Securities, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent will determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the 
Securities and, if so, shall calculate the relevant level of the Index using, in lieu of a published level for 
such Index, the level for such Index as at or in respect of the relevant Reference Date, Averaging Date 
or any other relevant date as determined by the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating such Index last in 
effect prior to the relevant Index Adjustment Event, but using only those Components that comprised 
such Index immediately prior to such Index Adjustment Event. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not reasonably practicable (taking into account the costs 
involved) to calculate or continue to calculate the Index pursuant to the preceding paragraph, the 
Calculation Agent may rebase the Securities against another index or basket of indices, as applicable, 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be comparable to the relevant Index, and, following such 
rebasing, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, 
to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the 
Securities to account for such rebasing. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that there is not such an index or basket of indices comparable to the 
relevant Index, and/or that application of the preceding paragraphs would not achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which 
event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount 
equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided that, 
if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event 
which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
On making any such adjustment(s) or determination(s), the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon 
as practicable to the Holders stating the adjustment to any amount payable under the Securities, the 
determination and/or any of the other relevant terms and giving brief details of the Index Adjustment 
Event, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the Index Adjustment 
Event or any action taken. 
5.
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Calculation 
Agent may, in its discretion: 
(a)
determine to make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of 
the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for such Additional 
Disruption Event; and/or

--- Page 427 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
414 
(b)
determine and give notice to Holders that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the 
Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal 
to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided 
that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring 
the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
6.
Index Disclaimer 
The Securities are not sponsored, endorsed, sold, or promoted by the Index or the Index Sponsor and no 
Index Sponsor makes any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results 
to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which the Index stands at any particular time 
on any particular date or otherwise. No Index or Index Sponsor shall be liable (whether in negligence or 
otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index and the Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise 
any person of any error therein. No Index Sponsor is making any representation whatsoever, whether 
express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with the 
Securities. The Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) shall have no liability to the Holders for any act 
or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment, or maintenance of 
the Index. Except as may be disclosed prior to the Issue Date and specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation Agent or any of their respective affiliates 
has any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index Sponsor or any control over the computation, 
composition, or dissemination of the Index. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information 
concerning the Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify 
this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty, or undertaking (express or implied) is made 
and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), their affiliates, or the 
Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness, and timeliness of information concerning the Index. 
In addition, no representation or warranty of any type, as to condition, satisfactory quality, performance 
or fitness for purpose are given, or duty or liability is assumed, by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), 
their affiliates, or the Calculation Agent in respect of the Index or any data included in or omissions from 
the Index, or the use of the Index in connection with the Securities and all those representations and 
warranties are excluded, save to the extent that such exclusion is prohibited by law. 
7.
Non-compliant Fallbacks 
Notwithstanding anything else in these Index Linked Provisions, if, in respect of the Securities, it (a) is 
or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation or (b) would contravene any 
applicable licensing requirements, in each case, for the Calculation Agent to determine the level of the 
Index or make any other determination in respect of the Securities which it would otherwise be obliged 
to do so under these Index Linked Provisions (or it would be unlawful or would contravene those 
licensing requirements were a determination to be made at such time), then (where no other applicable 
provision in these Index Linked Provisions results in such determination being made) the Calculation 
Agent may determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the Issuer will cause to be 
paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount 
(as defined in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early 
Payment Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption)" 
shall be deleted). 
8.
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Securities to which 
the Index Linked Provisions apply: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (a) a Change in Law, and, (b) if Hedging Disruption is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable, a Hedging Disruption. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" has the meaning given in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions). 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of an Index and an Initial Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable), each date specified as such or 
otherwise determined as provided in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, in respect of such Initial 
Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as

--- Page 428 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
415 
applicable), or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index. 
For the avoidance of doubt, references to Averaging Date or Averaging Dates shall be deemed to refer 
to Averaging Date or Averaging Dates in respect of the relevant Initial Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation 
Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable) and shall not include 
Averaging Dates in respect of any other Initial Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date of the Securities (a) due to the adoption of or 
any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to 
the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Calculation Agent determines that (x) it has, or it will, within the next 15 calendar days 
but on or prior to the Maturity Date, Redemption Date or Settlement Date, as is applicable to the 
Securities, become illegal for any of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and/or any of their respective 
affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of Components, or (y) (if "Change in Law – Increased Cost" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Securities (including, without limitation, 
due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Index Level" means, on any day in respect of an Index, the official closing level of such Index 
as of the Valuation Time on or in respect of the relevant day as calculated and published by the relevant 
Index Sponsor or as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Index 
Linked Provisions.  
"Component" means, in respect of an Index, any share, security, commodity, rate, index or other 
component included in such Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Component Clearance System" means, in respect of a Component of an Index, the principal domestic 
clearance system customarily used for settling trades in the relevant Component. If the Clearance System 
ceases to settle trades in such Component, the Clearance System will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Component Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a Component Clearance System, 
any day on which such Component Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of an Index Settlement 
Disruption Event, would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of an Index, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Disrupted Day" means, either:  
(a)
for any Unitary Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) a relevant Exchange or any 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (ii) a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred; and 
(b)
for any Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor fails 
to publish the level of the Index (provided that the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, 
determine that such event instead results in the occurrence of an Index Disruption), (ii) any 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (iii) a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means:  
(a)
for any Unitary Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange 
relating to Components that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index or 
any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange 
on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into

--- Page 429 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
416 
the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day; and  
(b)
for any Multi-Exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant 
Exchange relating to any Component or any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time, unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange at 
least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on 
such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution 
at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means:  
(a)
for any Unitary Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms for the Index, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Components underlying the Index has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the Components underlying the Index on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange);  
(b)
for any Multi-Exchange Index and any Component underlying the Index, the principal stock 
exchange on which such Component of the Index is, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, principally traded; and 
(c)
for any Component which is a Share, the principal stock exchange on which such Component 
share is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, principally traded. 
"Exchange Business Day" means:  
(a)
for any Unitary Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange for the Index are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange for the Index closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time; and 
(b)
for any Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor 
calculates and publishes the level of the Index and (ii) the Related Exchange for the Index is 
open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding the Related Exchange for 
the Index closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means:  
(a)
for any Unitary Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, (i) the Components on any relevant Exchange(s) 
that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index or (ii) futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index on any relevant Related Exchange; and 
(b)
for any Multi-Exchange Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, (i) any Component on the relevant Exchange in 
respect of such Component or (ii) futures or options contracts relating to the Index on the 
relevant Related Exchange. 
"Fallback Valuation Date" means, in respect of any Index, the date(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms for any date specified in the relevant Issue Terms on which the level of the Index is required 
to be determined, or, if "Default Fallback Valuation Date" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then 
the Fallback Valuation Date for any date on which the level of the Index is required to be determined 
shall be the second Business Day prior to the next following date upon which any payment or delivery 
of assets may have to be made by the Issuer by reference to the level of the Index on such day. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s)

--- Page 430 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
417 
or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and the Issuer performing its 
obligations with respect to or in connection with the relevant Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Index Linked Provisions, the 
index or indices specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Index Adjustment Event" means an Index Cancellation, an Index Disruption, an Index Modification 
or an Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
"Index Cancellation" means the occurrence of the relevant Index Sponsor or Successor Index Sponsor, 
as applicable, on or prior to any Reference Date, Averaging Date or any other relevant date, permanently 
cancelling a relevant Index and no Successor Index existing as at the date of such cancellation, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Index Disruption" means the occurrence of the relevant Index Sponsor or Successor Index Sponsor, as 
applicable, on any Reference Date, Averaging Date or any other relevant date, failing to calculate and 
announce a relevant Index level, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that, in respect of a 
Multi-Exchange Index, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, determine that such event instead 
results in the occurrence of a Disrupted Day. 
"Index Level" means, in respect of an Index and any relevant time on any relevant day, the official level 
of such Index at such time on or in respect of such day, as published by the Index Sponsor, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. If "Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the Closing Index Level of an Index on or in respect of any relevant day shall 
be deemed to be an Index Level in respect of an Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) for such Index 
falling on such relevant day. 
"Index Modification" means the occurrence of the relevant Index Sponsor or Successor Index Sponsor, 
as applicable, on or prior to any Reference Date, Averaging Date or any other relevant date, making or 
announcing that it will make a material change in the formula for, or the method of, calculating a relevant 
Index, or in any other way materially modifying such Index (other than a modification prescribed in that 
formula or method to maintain such Index in the event of changes in the Components, capitalisation 
and/or other routine events), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Index Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Component of an Index, an event that the 
Calculation Agent determines is beyond the control of the Issuer and/or its affiliates as a result of which 
the relevant Component Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of such Component. 
"Index Sponsor" means, for any Index: 
(a)
the entity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; or  
(b)
if no entity is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the corporation or other entity that, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and 
procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such Index,  
and includes any corporation or other entity appointed by such entity, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, that is responsible for announcing (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a 
regular basis in respect of each Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Index Strike Level" means, in respect of an Index and any relevant day, the relevant level of the Index 
on or in respect of such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Initial Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of an Index, the next following Scheduled Trading Day in 
respect of the Index. 
"Market Disruption Event" means:

--- Page 431 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
418 
(a)
for any Unitary Index, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange 
Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during 
the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure.  
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of a Unitary 
Index exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a Component included 
in the Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of such Component to the 
level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Index 
attributable to such Component and (y) the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately 
before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event; and 
(b)
for any Multi-Exchange Index, either: 
(i)
(A) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component, of: 
(I)
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component, which the Calculation 
Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period that 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which 
such Component is principally traded; 
(II)
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material at any time during the one-hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange 
on which such Component is principally traded; or 
(III)
an Early Closure in respect of such Component; and 
(B)
the aggregate of all Components in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an 
Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists comprises 20 per cent. 
or more of the level of such Multi-Exchange Index; or 
(ii)
the occurrence or existence, in each case in respect of futures or options contracts relating 
to the Index, of (A) a Trading Disruption or (B) an Exchange Disruption, which in either 
case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period 
that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of the Related Exchange, or (C) an Early 
Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index 
exists at any time, if an Early Closure, an Exchange Disruption, or a Trading Disruption occurs in respect 
of a Component at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of such Component to the level 
of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to that 
Component and (y) the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such 
Market Disruption Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of 
Scheduled Trading Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Multi-Exchange Index" means any Index which is specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or, if 
not specified, any Index the Calculation Agent determines as such. 
"Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Index and an Observation Period, (i) each Scheduled Trading Day which is not a 
Disrupted Day for such Index falling in the Observation Period and (ii) each Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation). Where "Specified Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, in respect of an 
Index and if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms, notwithstanding that such day may not be a Scheduled Trading Day or is a 
Disrupted Day for such Index. 
"Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Index and an Observation Period, (i) each day falling in the Observation Period 
on which the Index Sponsor publishes one or more official levels for such Index, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, regardless of whether such day is a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for

--- Page 432 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
419 
such Index, and (ii) each Specified Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation). Where "Specified 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, in respect of an Index and if specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, 
notwithstanding that such day may not be a day on which the Index Sponsor publishes any official level 
for such Index. 
"Observation Period" means an Averaging Observation Period, an Initial Observation Period, a Barrier 
Observation Period, a Barrier Performance Observation Period, a Coupon Observation Period, a Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Observation Period, a Daily Observation Final Redemption Observation 
Period, a Knock-In Observation Period, a Knock-In Performance Observation Period, Single of a Basket 
Knock-In Observation Period or an Observation Period (Drop Back) (each as defined in the Payout 
Conditions), as the case may be. 
"Periodic Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of an Index, the next following Scheduled Trading Day in 
respect of the Index. 
"Reference Date" means each Initial Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Periodic Valuation Date, 
Valuation Date or Specified Observation Date, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Index Linked Provisions. 
"Related Exchange" means: 
(a)
for any Unitary Index or Multi-Exchange Index, each exchange or quotation system, if any, 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options 
contracts relating to the Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent 
has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Related Exchange), provided, however, that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the 
Related Exchange, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to the Index; 
and 
(b)
for any Component which is a Share, each exchange or quotation system where trading has a 
material effect on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to the Component 
share (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Index and in respect of an Exchange or Related 
Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or 
Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Coupon Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Initial Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Initial Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Periodic Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Periodic Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Reference Date" means each Scheduled Initial Valuation Date, Scheduled Coupon 
Valuation Date, Scheduled Periodic Valuation Date, Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Specified 
Observation Date. 
"Scheduled Specified Observation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Specified Observation Date.

--- Page 433 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
420 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of:  
(a)
any Unitary Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for the Index 
are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; 
(b)
any Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the 
level of the Index and (ii) the Related Exchange for the Index is scheduled to be open for trading 
for its regular trading session;  
(c)
any Component which is a Share, any day on which the relevant Exchange referenced by the 
Index and the relevant Related Exchange for such Component are scheduled to be open for 
trading for their respective regular trading sessions; and 
(d)
any Component which is not a Share, any day on which the value, level or price, as is applicable, 
is scheduled to be published or disseminated, or is otherwise scheduled to be available. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Cycle" means the period of Component Clearance System Business Days following a trade 
in the Components underlying the relevant Index on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily 
occur according to the rules of such Exchange (or, if there are multiple Exchanges in respect of an Index, 
the longest such period). 
"Share" means, in respect of an Index, any share included in such Index, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Share Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Component which is a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading 
session or on which (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption which in either case the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period which ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time or (c) an Early Closure has occurred in respect of such Component. 
"Specified Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of an Index, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Successor Index" has the meaning given in Index Linked Provision 4.1 (Consequences of a Successor 
Index Sponsor or Successor Index). 
"Successor Index Sponsor" has the meaning given in Index Linked Provision 4.1 (Consequences of a 
Successor Index Sponsor or Successor Index). 
"Trading Disruption" means:  
(a)
in respect of any Unitary Index, any suspension of, or limitation imposed on, trading by any 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise, and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise, 
(i) relating to Components that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index on any 
relevant Exchange or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Index on any relevant 
Related Exchange; and 
(b)
in respect of any Multi-Exchange Index, any suspension or limitation imposed on trading by 
any relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise, and whether by reason of movements 
in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise, 
(i) relating to any Component on the Exchange in respect of such Component or (ii) in futures 
or options contracts relating to the Index on the Related Exchange. 
"Unitary Index" means any Index which is specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or, if not 
specified, any Index the Calculation Agent determines as such. 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index that is not a Disrupted Day and on 
which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur.

--- Page 434 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
421 
"Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day in respect of an Index, the next following Scheduled Trading Day in respect of 
the Index. 
"Valuation Time" means: 
(a)
in respect of any Unitary Index, (i) for the purposes of determining whether an Early Closure, 
an Exchange Disruption or a Trading Disruption has occurred in respect of (I) any Exchange, 
the Scheduled Closing Time of the Exchange (provided that, if the relevant Exchange closes 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time), 
and (II) any options contracts or futures contracts on such Index, the close of trading on the 
Related Exchange, and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time at which the official closing level 
of the Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor; and 
(b)
in respect of any Multi-Exchange Index, (i) for the purposes of determining whether an Early 
Closure, an Exchange Disruption or a Trading Disruption has occurred in respect of (I) any 
Component, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of such Component 
(provided that, if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, then the 
Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time), and (II) any options contracts or futures 
contracts on the Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange, and (ii) in all other 
circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of the Index is calculated and 
published by the Index Sponsor.

--- Page 435 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
422 
COMMODITY LINKED PROVISIONS 
1. 
Market Disruption Events and Disruption Fallbacks (other than in respect of a Commodity 
Index) ..................................................................................................................................... 422 
1.1 
Consequence of a Market Disruption Event ............................................................... 422 
1.2 
Applicability of Market Disruption Events ................................................................. 422 
1.3 
Applicability of Disruption Fallbacks ......................................................................... 423 
2. 
Consequences of Market Disruption Events (in respect of a Commodity Index) .................. 423 
3. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event on non-Pricing Dates  ........................................................ 424 
4. 
Common Pricing .................................................................................................................... 424 
5. 
Correction to Published Prices ............................................................................................... 424 
6. 
Fallback Pricing Dates ........................................................................................................... 425 
7. 
Adjustments to a Commodity Index  ..................................................................................... 425 
8. 
Early redemption following Commodity Hedging Disruption ............................................... 426 
9. 
Adjustments to Securities linked to Commodities in European Currencies ........................... 426 
10. 
Commodity Index Disclaimer ................................................................................................ 426 
11. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events ..................................................................... 427 
12. 
Successor to a Commodity Reference Price .......................................................................... 427 
13. 
Non-compliant Fallbacks ....................................................................................................... 428 
14. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................. 428 
These Commodity Linked Provisions apply to Securities for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
the Commodity Linked Provisions are applicable. 
1.
Market Disruption Events and Disruption Fallbacks (other than in respect of a 
Commodity Index) 
1.1
Consequence of a Market Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists on any Pricing 
Date (or, if different, the day on which the price for such Pricing Date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the Price Source), the Commodity Reference Price for such Pricing Date will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the first applicable Disruption Fallback 
(applied in accordance with Commodity Linked Provision 1.3 (Applicability of Disruption Fallbacks)) 
that provides a Commodity Reference Price. 
1.2
Applicability of Market Disruption Events 
(a)
Subject to (b) and (c) below, a Market Disruption Event is applicable in respect of a Commodity 
if it is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if one or more Market Disruption Events are 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then only those Market Disruption Events will apply.  
(b)
In respect of all Commodities (other than Bullion), if no Market Disruption Event is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the following Market Disruption Events will be deemed to have 
been specified and be applicable:  
(i)
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price; 
(ii)
Material Change in Content; 
(iii)
Material Change in Formula; 
(iv)
Price Source Disruption;

--- Page 436 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
423 
(v)
Trading Disruption; and 
(vi)
Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
(c)
In respect of Bullion, if no Market Disruption Event is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
following Market Disruption Events will be deemed to have been specified and be applicable:  
(i)
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price; 
(ii)
Price Source Disruption;  
(iii)
Trading Disruption; and 
(iv)
Administrator/Benchmark Event.  
1.3
Applicability of Disruption Fallbacks 
A Disruption Fallback is applicable if it is specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no Disruption 
Fallback is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the following Disruption Fallbacks will be deemed to 
have been specified and be applicable (in the following order): 
(a)
Fallback Reference Price (if an alternate Commodity Reference Price has been specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms); 
(b)
Delayed Publication or Announcement and Postponement (each to operate concurrently with 
the other and each subject to a period of two consecutive Commodity Business Days (or Bullion 
Business Days in respect of Bullion) as the applicable Maximum Days of Disruption) provided, 
however, that the price determined by Postponement shall be the Commodity Reference Price 
only if Delayed Publication or Announcement does not yield a Commodity Reference Price 
within the Maximum Days of Disruption;  
(c)
Fallback Reference Dealers; and 
(d)
Calculation Agent Determination. 
If any Disruption Fallbacks are specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then only that or those (as the case 
may be) Disruption Fallbacks shall apply and if two or more Disruption Fallbacks are specified, those 
Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, such that if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Commodity Reference Price cannot be determined by applying a 
Disruption Fallback, then the next Disruption Fallback specified shall apply, provided that if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Commodity Reference Price cannot be determined by applying 
any of the applicable Disruption Fallbacks, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall 
be redeemed, in which event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security 
held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 31.1 
(Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the words 
"(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted).  
2.
Consequences of Market Disruption Events (in respect of a Commodity Index)  
If a Market Disruption Event has occurred on any Pricing Date in respect of a Commodity Index, the 
Closing Commodity Index Level of the Commodity Index for such Pricing Date shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent using the then-current method for calculating the Commodity Index, but based on 
and by reference to the relevant closing prices of each futures contract included in such Commodity 
Index as follows: 
(a)
in respect of each futures contract included in the Commodity Index which is not affected by 
the Market Disruption Event on such Pricing Date, the closing price of such futures contract 
will be that announced or published by the applicable exchange on such Pricing Date; and 
(b)
in respect of each futures contract included in the Commodity Index which is affected by the 
Market Disruption Event on such Pricing Date, the closing price of such futures contract will be

--- Page 437 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
424 
based on the closing price of such contract on the first Futures Trading Day following such 
Pricing Date on which such futures contract is not affected by a Market Disruption Event. 
provided that if the Calculation Agent in its discretion determines that the application of the above 
paragraphs would not achieve a commercially reasonable result and/or if such Market Disruption Event 
is an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall be 
redeemed, in which event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held 
by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), 
provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring 
the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
If a Fallback Pricing Date is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable to any Pricing Date 
for a Commodity Index, and if: 
(i)
following adjustment of such Pricing Date on account of the Scheduled Pricing Date not 
being a Trading Day, the Pricing Date would otherwise fall after the specified Fallback 
Pricing Date, then such Fallback Pricing Date shall be deemed to be such Pricing Date 
for such Commodity Index. If such Fallback Pricing Date is not a Trading Day for the 
Commodity Index, then the Calculation Agent will determine the Closing Commodity 
Index Level, taking into consideration the latest available level of the Commodity Index 
and any other information that it deems relevant of such Commodity Index on such 
Fallback Pricing Date, and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this 
Commodity Linked Provision 2 shall be deemed to be the Closing Commodity Index 
Level for such Commodity Index in respect of the relevant Pricing Date; and/or 
(ii)
the closing price of a futures contract comprised in the Commodity Index would 
otherwise be used for the purposes of determining the Closing Commodity Index Level 
above after the specified Fallback Pricing Date following the adjustment set out in 
paragraph (b) above, then the closing price of such futures contract will instead be taken 
on such Fallback Pricing Date, and such closing price for the Fallback Pricing Date will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into consideration the latest available 
closing price for the such futures contract, and any other information that it deems 
relevant. 
3.
Administrator/Benchmark Event on non-Pricing Dates  
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred or is in 
existence in respect of the Securities on any day that is not a Pricing Date during the term of the 
Securities, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event 
the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal to 
the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early 
Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which 
resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
4.
Common Pricing 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Commodities and, if "Common Pricing" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms to be applicable then no date will be a Pricing Date unless such date is a day on 
which all referenced Commodity Reference Prices (for which such date would otherwise be a Pricing 
Date) are scheduled to be published or announced, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
5.
Correction to Published Prices 
In the event that any price or value published or announced on any date which is utilised for any 
calculation or determination in connection with the Securities is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published or announced by the person responsible for that publication or announcement by 
the earlier of: 
(a)
30 calendar days after the original publication or announcement; and

--- Page 438 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
425 
(b)
the second Business Day prior to the next date upon which any relevant payment or delivery 
may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant determination in respect 
of the Securities may have to be made,  
then the Calculation Agent may determine the amount that is payable or make any determination in 
connection with Securities, after taking into account such correction, and, to the extent necessary, may 
adjust any relevant terms of the Securities to account for such correction. 
Upon making any such determination or adjustment, as applicable, to take into account any such 
correction, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders stating the 
determination or adjustment, as applicable, to any amount payable under the Securities and/or any of the 
other relevant terms and giving brief details of the determination or adjustment, as applicable, provided 
that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the determination or adjustment, as 
applicable, or any action taken. 
6.
Fallback Pricing Dates 
In respect of a Commodity, and notwithstanding any other terms of the Commodity Linked Provisions 
applicable to a Commodity, if a Fallback Pricing Date is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be 
applicable to any Pricing Date and if, following adjustment of the original date on which the Pricing Date 
was scheduled to fall pursuant to the applicable Commodity Business Day Convention (or Bullion 
Business Day Convention) or, following the application of a Disruption Fallback pursuant to Commodity 
Linked Provision 1 (Market Disruption Events and Disruption Fallbacks (other than in respect of a 
Commodity Index)) or adjustment of the Pricing Date pursuant to Commodity Linked Provision 4 
(Common Pricing), the determination of a Commodity Reference Price, or the Pricing Date in respect of 
a Commodity, as applicable, would otherwise fall after the specified Fallback Pricing Date in respect of 
the Commodity, then the Fallback Pricing Date shall be deemed to be the Pricing Date for the 
Commodity. 
If the Fallback Pricing Date is not a Commodity Business Day (or a Bullion Business Day), the 
Commodity Reference Price of such Commodity shall be subject to Calculation Agent Determination on 
such Fallback Pricing Date, and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this Commodity 
Linked Provision 6 shall be deemed to be the Commodity Reference Price in respect of the relevant 
Pricing Date. 
7.
Adjustments to a Commodity Index  
(a)
In respect of a Commodity Index, if the Commodity Index is permanently cancelled or is not 
calculated and announced by the Commodity Index Sponsor but is (i) calculated and announced 
by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Sponsor") acceptable to the Calculation Agent, and/or 
(ii) replaced by a successor index (the "Successor Index") using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as 
used in the calculation of the Commodity Index, then the Commodity Index will be deemed to 
be the index so calculated and announced by that Successor Sponsor and/or that Successor 
Index, as the case may be. The Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it 
determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the Securities to account for such successor. 
(b)
In respect of a Commodity Index, if, on or prior to a Pricing Date or any other relevant date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Commodity Index Sponsor makes a material 
change in the formula for or the method of calculating the Commodity Index or in any other 
way materially modifies that Commodity Index (other than a modification prescribed in that 
formula or method to maintain the Commodity Index in the event of changes in constituent 
commodities and weightings and other routine events), or (ii) the Commodity Index Sponsor 
permanently cancels the Commodity Index, or (iii) the Commodity Index Sponsor fails to 
calculate and announce the Commodity Index and the Calculation Agent determines that there 
is no Successor Sponsor and/or Successor Index, then the Calculation Agent may at its option 
(in the case of (i)) and shall (in the case of such (ii) and (iii)) (such events (i) (ii) and (iii) to be 
collectively referred to as "Commodity Index Adjustment Events") calculate the Closing 
Commodity Index Level for the applicable Pricing Date or such other relevant date in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Commodity Index last in effect

--- Page 439 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
426 
prior to the relevant Commodity Index Adjustment Event, but using only those futures contracts 
that comprised that Commodity Index immediately prior to the relevant Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event (other than those futures contracts that have ceased to be listed on any 
relevant exchange). 
(c)
If the Calculation Agent determines, in its discretion, that it is not reasonably practicable (taking 
into account the costs involved) to calculate or continue to calculate the Commodity Index 
pursuant to the preceding paragraph, the Calculation Agent may rebase the Securities against 
another index or basket of indices, as applicable, determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
comparable to the relevant Commodity Index, and, following such rebasing, the Calculation 
Agent will make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, 
calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the 
Securities to account for such rebasing. 
(d)
If the Calculation Agent determines, in its discretion, that there is not such an index or basket 
of indices comparable to the relevant Commodity Index, and/or that application of the preceding 
paragraphs would not achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may 
determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the Issuer will cause to be paid 
to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment 
Amount (as defined in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment 
Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which 
resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
(e)
On making any such adjustment or determination, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Holders stating the adjustment to any amount payable under the 
Securities, the determination and/or any of the other relevant terms and giving brief details of 
the Commodity Index Adjustment Event, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not 
affect the validity of the Commodity Index Adjustment Event or any action taken. 
8.
Early redemption following Commodity Hedging Disruption 
Unless the relevant Issue Terms specify that Commodity Hedging Disruption is not applicable, upon the 
occurrence of a Commodity Hedging Disruption, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion: (a) 
on giving not less than five nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice, redeem the Securities on the date 
set for redemption in such notice, or (b) (if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Early redemption following 
Commodity Hedging Disruption – Redemption Period" to be applicable) on giving irrevocable notice, 
redeem the Securities on a date falling not less than five days nor more than 30 days from the date the 
notice is given, in each case, by payment of the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 
31.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the 
words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
9.
Adjustments to Securities linked to Commodities in European Currencies 
In respect of any Securities linked to or relating to Commodities originally quoted, traded listed and/or 
dealt as of the Issue Date in a currency of a member state of the European Union that has not adopted the 
single currency in accordance with the EC Treaty, or if the relevant Commodity Reference Price is in 
such currency, if such Commodities are at any time after the Issue Date quoted, listed, traded and/or dealt 
exclusively in euro on the relevant Exchange or, where no Exchange is specified, the principal market 
on which those Commodities are traded, or if the relevant Commodity Reference Price is changed to the 
euro, then the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any 
other terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to preserve the economic 
terms of the Securities. The Calculation Agent will make any conversion necessary for purposes of any 
such adjustment based on the relevant official conversion rate or such mid-market spot rate of exchange, 
as determined to be appropriate in the discretion of the Calculation Agent. No adjustments under this 
Commodity Linked Provision 9 will affect the currency denomination of any payment obligation arising 
out of the Securities. 
10.
Commodity Index Disclaimer 
The Securities are not sponsored, endorsed, sold, or promoted by the Commodity Index or the 
Commodity Index Sponsor and no Commodity Index Sponsor makes any representation whatsoever,

--- Page 440 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
427 
whether express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Commodity Index 
and/or the levels at which the Commodity Index stands at any particular time on any particular date or 
otherwise. No Commodity Index or Commodity Index Sponsor shall be liable (whether in negligence or 
otherwise) to any person for any error in the Commodity Index and the Commodity Index Sponsor is 
under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. No Commodity Index Sponsor is making 
any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or 
assuming any risk in connection with the Securities. The Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) shall 
have no liability to the Holders for any act or failure to act by the Commodity Index Sponsor in 
connection with the calculation, adjustment, or maintenance of the Commodity Index. Except as may be 
disclosed prior to the Issue Date and specified in the relevant Issue Terms, none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation Agent or any of their respective affiliates has any affiliation 
with or control over the Commodity Index or Commodity Index Sponsor or any control over the 
computation, composition, or dissemination of the Commodity Index. Although the Calculation Agent 
will obtain information concerning the Commodity Index from publicly available sources it believes 
reliable, it will not independently verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty, or 
undertaking (express or implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable), their affiliates, or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness, and timeliness 
of information concerning the Commodity Index. In addition, no representation or warranty of any type, 
as to condition, satisfactory quality, performance or fitness for purpose are given, or duty or liability is 
assumed, by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), their affiliates, or the Calculation Agent in respect 
of the Commodity Index or any data included in or omissions from the Commodity Index, or the use of 
the Commodity Index in connection with the Securities and all those representations and warranties are 
excluded, save to the extent that such exclusion is prohibited by law. 
11.
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events 
Following the determination by the Calculation Agent that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, 
the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion: 
(a)
determine to make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of 
the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for such Additional 
Disruption Event; or 
(b)
determine and give notice to Holders that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the 
Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal 
to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided 
that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring 
the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
12.
Successor to a Commodity Reference Price 
If in respect of any relevant Pricing Date or any other relevant date which is utilised for any calculation 
or determination in relation to Securities, the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that (a) a 
Commodity Reference Price is not announced or published by the Price Source but is calculated and 
announced or published by a successor entity acceptable to the Calculation Agent, such price as so 
calculated and announced or published by such successor entity will be deemed to be the Commodity 
Reference Price, (b) a Commodity Reference Price is replaced by a successor price in respect of such 
Commodity calculated using, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar 
formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of such Commodity Reference Price, 
such price as so calculated will be deemed to be the Commodity Reference Price, or (c) a Commodity 
Reference Price ceases to be announced or published by a Price Source and/or the formula for and/or the 
method of calculation of such Commodity Reference Price is being materially changed, but a price or 
two or more prices in respect of the same Commodity as such Commodity Reference Price exists, or will 
exist from a future date, and such price is, or two or more of such prices are, as is applicable, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, accepted or recognised by the dealers in the relevant market for 
such Commodity as being the successor, or a successor, as is applicable, to such Commodity Reference 
Price, then such successor price, or one of such successor prices as is selected by the Calculation Agent 
in its discretion, as is applicable, will be deemed to be the Commodity Reference Price from the date 
determined by the Calculation Agent. Following such determination, the Calculation Agent will make 
such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation methodology,

--- Page 441 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
428 
valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the Securities to account for such successor 
Commodity Reference Price. 
On making any such adjustment(s) or determination(s), the Calculation Agent shall give notice in 
accordance with General Condition 26 (Notices) as soon as practicable to the Holders stating the 
adjustment to any amount payable under the Securities, the determination and/or any of the other relevant 
terms and giving brief details of event which resulted in the successor Commodity Reference Price, 
provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the successor Commodity 
Reference Price or any action taken. 
13.
Non-compliant Fallbacks 
Notwithstanding anything else in these Commodity Linked Provisions, if, in respect of the Securities, it 
(a) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation or (b) would contravene 
any applicable licensing requirements, in each case, for the Calculation Agent to determine the 
Commodity Reference Price or the level of the Commodity Index or make any other determination in 
respect of the Securities which it would otherwise be obliged to do so under these Commodity Linked 
Provisions (or it would be unlawful or would contravene those licensing requirements were a 
determination to be made at such time), then (where no other applicable provision in these Commodity 
Linked Provisions results in such determination being made) the Calculation Agent may determine that 
the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect 
of each Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General 
Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 
applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
14.
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Securities to which 
these Commodity Linked Provisions apply: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (a) a Change in Law, and, (b) if Hedging Disruption is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable, a Hedging Disruption. 
"Adjusted Scheduled Pricing Date" means (a) where a Pricing Date is adjusted in accordance with the 
applicable Commodity Business Day Convention (or Bullion Business Day Convention), the date on 
which the Pricing Date would fall following such adjustment, or (b) if the Pricing Date is not subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Commodity Business Day Convention (or Bullion Business Day 
Convention), or the application of the applicable Commodity Business Day Convention (or Bullion 
Business Day Convention) does not result in an adjustment to the Pricing Date, the Scheduled Pricing 
Date corresponding to the Pricing Date. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" has the meaning given in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions). 
"Bloomberg Screen" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, when used in connection with 
any designated page, the display page so designated on the Bloomberg® service (or such other page as 
may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying prices comparable to such Commodity 
Reference Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Bullion" means each of gold, palladium, platinum and silver, and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Bullion Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and New York. 
"Bullion Business Day Convention" means the convention for adjusting any Pricing Date or other 
relevant date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Bullion Business Day. If the relevant Issue 
Terms specify, in respect of such Pricing Date or other date, that: 
(a)
"Following" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing Date 
or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Bullion Business Day, the Pricing 
Date or other date will be the first following day that is a Bullion Business Day;

--- Page 442 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
429 
(b)
"Modified Following" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled 
Pricing Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Bullion Business Day, 
the Pricing Date or other date will be the first following day that is a Bullion Business Day, 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Bullion Business Day; 
(c)
"Nearest" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing Date or 
other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Bullion Business Day, the Pricing Date 
or other date will be (i) the first preceding day that is a Bullion Business Day if such date falls 
on a day other than a Sunday or Monday and (ii) the first following day that is a Bullion Business 
Day if such date falls on a Sunday or Monday; 
(d)
"Preceding" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing Date 
or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Bullion Business Day, the Pricing 
Date or other date will be the first preceding day that is a Bullion Business Day; or 
(e)
"No Adjustment" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing 
Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Bullion Business Day, the 
Pricing Date or other date will nonetheless be such Scheduled Pricing Date or other scheduled 
date. 
If the relevant Issue Terms does not specify an applicable Bullion Business Day Convention, then it shall 
be deemed that "Modified Following" shall apply. 
"Bullion Reference Dealers" means, in respect of Bullion for which the Commodity Reference Price is 
"Commodity – Reference Dealers", the four major dealers that are members of The London Bullion 
Market Association or its successors specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or if no such Bullion 
Reference Dealers are specified, as selected by the Calculation Agent, in each case, acting through their 
principal London offices. 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent will determine the Commodity 
Reference Price (or method for determining the Commodity Reference Price), taking into consideration 
the latest available quotation for the relevant Commodity Reference Price and any other information that 
it deems relevant. 
"CFTC" means the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the earlier of the Initial Pricing Date or the Issue Date (or, if 
there is no Initial Pricing Date, the Issue Date), of the Securities (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Calculation Agent determines that (x) it has, or it will, within the next 15 calendar days 
but on or prior to the Maturity Date, Redemption Date or Settlement Date, as is applicable to the 
Securities, become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant commodity, futures contract, options 
contract or other asset, or (y) (if "Change in Law – Increased Cost" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations in relation to the Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Commodity Index Level" means, in respect of a Commodity Index and any day, the official 
published closing level of such Commodity Index on the relevant day as calculated and published by the 
relevant Commodity Index Sponsor or as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as 
provided in the Commodity Linked Provisions. 
"Commodity" and "Commodities" means the commodity or commodities (which may include Bullion 
and which may be a specified futures contract relating to an underlying commodity) specified as such in 
the relevant Issue Terms, and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Commodity Business Day" means, in respect of a single Commodity (other than Bullion) or a basket 
of Commodities (excluding any Bullion) and:

--- Page 443 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
430 
(a)
where the Commodity Reference Price for a Commodity is a price announced or published by 
an Exchange, a day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have 
been) a day on which such Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; and 
(b)
where the Commodity Reference Price for a Commodity is not a price announced or published 
by an Exchange, a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have published) a price. 
"Commodity Business Day Convention" means the convention for adjusting any Pricing Date or other 
relevant date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Commodity Business Day. If the relevant 
Issue Terms specify, in respect of such Pricing Date or other date, that: 
(a)
"Following" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing Date 
or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the 
Pricing Date or other date will be the first following day that is a Commodity Business Day; 
(b)
"Modified Following" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled 
Pricing Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Commodity Business 
Day, the Pricing Date or other date will be the first following day that is a Commodity Business 
Day, unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Commodity Business Day; 
(c)
"Nearest" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing Date or 
other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the Pricing 
Date or other date will be (i) the first preceding day that is a Commodity Business Day if such 
date falls on a day other than a Sunday or Monday and (ii) the first following day that is a 
Commodity Business Day if such date falls on a Sunday or Monday; 
(d)
"Preceding" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing Date 
or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the 
Pricing Date or other date will be the first preceding day that is a Commodity Business Day; or 
(e)
"No Adjustment" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing 
Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the 
Pricing Date or other date will nonetheless be such Scheduled Pricing Date or other scheduled 
date. 
If the relevant Issue Terms does not specify an applicable Commodity Business Day Convention, then it 
shall be deemed that "Modified Following" shall apply. 
"Commodity Hedging Disruption" means that: 
(a)
due to (i) the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law, regulation, rule or order 
(including, without limitation, any tax law); or (ii) the promulgation of, or any change in, the 
interpretation, application, exercise or operation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority, 
exchange or trading facility or any other relevant entity with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law, rule, regulation, order, decision or determination (including, without limitation, 
as implemented by the CFTC or exchange or trading facility), in each case occurring on or after 
the Trade Date the Calculation Agent determines that it is contrary (or, upon adoption, it will be 
contrary) to such law, rule, regulation, order, decision or determination for the Hedging Entity 
to purchase, sell, enter into, maintain, hold, acquire or dispose of Underlying Hedge 
Transactions (in whole or in part) (in the aggregate on a portfolio basis or incrementally on a 
trade by trade basis) including (without limitation) if such Underlying Hedge Transactions (in 
whole or in part) (in the aggregate on a portfolio basis or incrementally on a trade by trade basis) 
are (or, but for the consequent disposal thereof, would otherwise be) in excess of any allowable 
position limit(s) in relation to any commodity traded on any exchange(s) or other trading facility 
(it being within the sole and absolute discretion of the Hedging Entity to determine which of the 
relevant assets or transactions are counted towards such limit); and/or 
(b)
(if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Commodity Hedging Disruption – Hedging Entity" to be 
applicable) for any reason, the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable

--- Page 444 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
431 
efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and 
performing its commodity-related obligations with respect to the Securities, or (ii) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s).  
"Commodity High Price" means, in respect of a Commodity and any relevant day, the high price of 
such Commodity (being the highest traded price of such Commodity on the relevant Exchange in respect 
of such day) as determined and made public by the relevant Price Source on that day. 
"Commodity Index" and "Commodity Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Commodity Linked Provisions, the index or indices linked directly or indirectly to commodity futures 
contracts and specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly.  
"Commodity Index Adjustment Event" has the meaning in Commodity Linked Provision 7 
(Adjustments to a Commodity Index). 
"Commodity Index Level" means, in respect of a Commodity Index and any relevant time on any 
relevant day, the official published level of such Commodity Index at such time on or in respect of such 
day, as calculated and published by the relevant Commodity Index Sponsor, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If "Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Closing Commodity Index Level of a Commodity Index on or in respect of any 
relevant day shall be deemed to be a Commodity Index Level in respect of an Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation) for such Commodity Index falling on such relevant day. 
"Commodity Index Sponsor" means, for any Commodity Index, the entity specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms, and, if not specified, the corporation or other entity that, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods 
of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such Commodity Index, and (b) announces (directly or 
through an agent) the level of such Commodity Index on a regular basis in respect of each Trading Day. 
"Commodity Index Sponsor Business Centre" means, for any Commodity Index, the location specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Commodity Index Strike Level" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of a Commodity Index and any relevant day, the relevant level of the Commodity Index on or in 
respect of such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Commodity Low Price" means, in respect of a Commodity and any relevant day, the low price of such 
Commodity (being the lowest traded price of such Commodity on the relevant Exchange in respect of 
such day) as determined and made public by the relevant Price Source on that day.  
"Commodity Price" means the Commodity Low Price or the Commodity High Price as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Commodity - Reference Dealers" means that the price for a Pricing Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, will be determined on the basis of quotations provided by Reference Dealers (or 
Bullion Reference Dealers) on such Pricing Date of that day's Specified Price for the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price (or, if there is no Specified Price for a Commodity Reference Price, such Commodity 
Reference Price) for a Unit of the relevant Commodity for delivery on the Delivery Date (or, if there is 
no Delivery Date for a Commodity Reference Price, for delivery on such date that forms the basis on 
which such Commodity Reference Price is quoted). If four quotations are provided as requested, the price 
for such Pricing Date will be the arithmetic mean of the Specified Prices for the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price (or, if there is no Specified Price for a Commodity Reference Price, of such Commodity 
Reference Prices for the relevant date and time) for such Commodity provided by each Reference Dealer 
(or Bullion Reference Dealer), without regard to the Specified Prices for the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price (or, as the case may be, Commodity Reference Prices for the relevant date and time) 
having the highest and lowest values. If exactly three quotations are provided as requested, the price for 
such Pricing Date will be the Specified Price for the relevant Commodity Reference Price (or, as the case 
may be, Commodity Reference Price for the relevant date and time) provided by the relevant Reference 
Dealer (or Bullion Reference Dealer) that remains after disregarding the Specified Prices for the relevant

--- Page 445 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
432 
Commodity Reference Price (or, as the case may be, Commodity Reference Prices for the relevant date 
and time) having the highest and lowest values. For this purpose, if more than one quotation has the same 
highest or lowest value, then the Specified Price for the relevant Commodity Reference Price (or, as the 
case may be, Commodity Reference Price for the relevant date and time) of one of such quotations shall 
be disregarded. 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of a Commodity and a Pricing Date or any other 
relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a)
the Specified Price per Unit of the Commodity on the relevant Exchange and if a Delivery Date 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in the Specified 
Price Currency, as made public by the Exchange on that Pricing Date or such other relevant date 
and displayed on the Price Source that displays prices effective on that day; or 
(b)
the Specified Price per Unit of the Commodity and if a Delivery Date is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, for the Delivery Date, stated in the Specified Price Currency, published or 
displayed on the Price Source that publishes or displays prices effective on that Pricing Date or 
such other relevant date; 
in each case, specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for that Commodity and subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Commodity Linked Provisions. 
"Commodity Strike Price" means, in respect of a Commodity and any relevant day, the relevant price 
of the Commodity on or in respect of such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index, each date specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the relevant Commodity 
Business Day Convention (or Bullion Business Day Convention) (in respect of a Commodity) or the 
relevant Trading Day Convention (in respect of a Commodity Index), as is applicable. 
"Delayed Publication or Announcement" means that the price for a Pricing Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, will be determined based on the Specified Price for the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price (or, if there is no Specified Price for a Commodity Reference Price, such Commodity 
Reference Price) in respect of the Scheduled Pricing Date corresponding to such Pricing Date that is 
published or announced by the relevant Price Source retrospectively on the first succeeding Commodity 
Business Day (or Bullion Business Day) on which the Market Disruption Event ceases to exist, unless 
that Market Disruption Event continues to exist (measured from and including the Adjusted Scheduled 
Pricing Date corresponding to the Pricing Date) or the Commodity Reference Price continues to be 
unavailable for consecutive Commodity Business Days (or consecutive Bullion Business Days) equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption. 
"Delivery Date" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price and a Pricing Date or any other 
relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the relevant date or month for delivery of the 
underlying Commodity (which must be a date or month reported or capable of being determined from 
information reported in or by the relevant Price Source) as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
provided that: 
(a)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Futures Contract – Expiry Date Roll" shall be 
applicable in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, then "Delivery Date" shall mean, in 
respect of a Commodity Reference Price and the relevant Pricing Date or other relevant date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the month of expiry of the first contract traded on the 
Exchange for the future delivery of such Commodity to expire after the relevant Pricing Date or 
other relevant date, PROVIDED THAT, for the avoidance of doubt, in the event that such 
Pricing Date or other relevant date for such Commodity Reference Price falls on the Last 
Trading Day for a contract traded on the Exchange for the future delivery of the relevant 
Commodity, then the "Delivery Date" for such Commodity Reference Price in relation to such 
Pricing Date or other relevant date shall be the month of expiry of the next contract for the future 
delivery of such Commodity to expire after (but not on) such Pricing Date or other relevant date. 
(b)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Futures Contract – Delivery Date Roll" shall be 
applicable in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, then "Delivery Date" shall mean, in

--- Page 446 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
433 
respect of a Commodity Reference Price and the relevant Pricing Date or any other relevant 
date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the month of expiry of the first contract for the 
future delivery of such Commodity trading on the Exchange to expire after the relevant Pricing 
Date or other relevant date, PROVIDED THAT, in the event that such Pricing Date or other 
relevant date for such Commodity Reference Price falls (i) in the period commencing on, and 
including, the First Notice Day of the Notice Period for Delivery of such contract to, but 
excluding, the Last Trading Day of such contract, then the "Delivery Date" for such Commodity 
Reference Price in relation to such Pricing Date or other relevant date shall instead be the month 
of expiry of the second contract for the future delivery of such Commodity to expire after such 
Pricing Date or other relevant date, or (ii) on the Last Trading Day for a contract traded on the 
Exchange for the future delivery of such Commodity, then the "Delivery Date" for such 
Commodity Reference Price in relation to such Pricing Date or other relevant date shall be the 
month of expiry of the next contract for the future delivery of such Commodity to expire after 
(but not on) such Pricing Date or other relevant date. 
"Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price" means: 
(a)
the permanent discontinuation of trading, in the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant 
Exchange; 
(b)
the disappearance of, or of trading in, the relevant Commodity; or 
(c)
the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of a Commodity Reference 
Price, 
notwithstanding the availability of the related Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Futures 
Contract or the relevant Commodity. 
"Disruption Fallback" means, in respect of a Commodity and a Commodity Reference Price, 
Calculation Agent Determination, Delayed Publication or Announcement, Fallback Reference Dealers, 
Fallback Reference Price, Postponement as specified as in the relevant Issue Terms as an alternative 
basis for determining the Commodity Reference Price when a Market Disruption Event occurs or exists 
on a day that is a Pricing Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for such Pricing Date would in 
the ordinary course, be published or announced by the Price Source).  
"Exchange" means, in relation to a Commodity, the exchange or principal trading market specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Fallback Pricing Date" means, in respect of a Commodity or Commodity Index, the date(s) specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms for any date specified in the relevant Issue Terms on which the price 
of such Commodity or the level of such Commodity Index, as the case may be, is required to be 
determined, or, if "Default Fallback Pricing Date" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then the 
Fallback Pricing Date for any date on which the price of such Commodity or the level of such Commodity 
Index, as the case may be, is required to be determined shall be the second Business Day prior to the next 
following date upon which any payment or delivery of assets may have to be made by the Issuer by 
reference to the price of such Commodity or the level of such Commodity Index, as the case may be, on 
such day. 
"Fallback Reference Dealers" means that the Commodity Reference Price will be determined in 
accordance with "Commodity - Reference Dealers". 
"Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent will determine the Commodity Reference 
Price based on the price for such Pricing Date of the first alternate Commodity Reference Price specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms and not subject to a Market Disruption Event. 
"Final Pricing Date" means, in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index, each date specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the relevant Commodity 
Business Day Convention (or Bullion Business Day Convention) (in respect of a Commodity) or the 
relevant Trading Day Convention (in respect of a Commodity Index), as is applicable. 
"First Notice Day of the Notice Period for Delivery" means, in respect of the relevant Futures Contract, 
the "first notice day" for delivery of the relevant Commodity under such Futures Contract pursuant to the

--- Page 447 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
434 
rules and regulations of the relevant Exchange, as at the relevant Pricing Date or any other relevant date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Futures Contract" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the contract specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Futures Trading Day" means, in respect of a Commodity Index and a futures contract comprised 
therein, each day on which the exchange on which such futures contract trades is open for trading.  
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risks of the Issuer issuing and the Issuer performing its 
obligations with respect to or in connection with the relevant Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Initial Pricing Date" means in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index, each date specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the relevant Commodity 
Business Day Convention (or Bullion Business Day Convention) (in respect of a Commodity) or the 
relevant Trading Day Convention (in respect of a Commodity Index), as is applicable. 
"Last Trading Day" means, in respect of the relevant Futures Contract, the final day during which 
trading may take place in such Futures Contract pursuant to the rules and regulations of the relevant 
Exchange, as at the relevant Pricing Date or any other relevant date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(a)
other than in respect of a Commodity Index, the occurrence of any of the following events:  
(i)
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price; 
(ii)
Material Change in Content; 
(iii)
Material Change in Formula; 
(iv)
Price Source Disruption; 
(v)
Trading Disruption;  
(vi)
Tax Disruption;  
(vii)
An Administrator/Benchmark Event; or 
(viii)
Any additional Market Disruption Events as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; and  
(b)
in respect of a Commodity Index, the occurrence of any one or more of the following 
circumstances:  
(i)
a material limitation, suspension, or disruption of trading in one or more of the futures 
contracts included in the Commodity Index which results in a failure by the exchange on 
which such futures contract is traded to report a closing price for such futures contract 
on the day on which such event occurs or any succeeding day on which it continues; 
(ii)
the closing price for any futures contract included in the Commodity Index is a "limit 
price", which means that the closing price for such futures contract for a day has 
increased or decreased from the previous day's closing price by the maximum amount 
permitted under applicable exchange rules;  
(iii)
a failure by the applicable exchange or other price source to announce or publish the 
closing price for any futures contract included in the Commodity Index; or 
(iv)
an Administrator/Benchmark Event.

--- Page 448 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
435 
"Material Change in Content" means the occurrence since the earlier of the Initial Pricing Date or the 
Issue Date (or, if there is no Initial Pricing Date, the Issue Date) of a material change in the content, 
composition or constitution of the Commodity or relevant Futures Contract. 
"Material Change in Formula" means the occurrence since the earlier of the Initial Pricing Date or the 
Issue Date (or, if there is no Initial Pricing Date, the Issue Date) of a material change in the formula for 
or the method of calculating the relevant Commodity Reference Price. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of Commodity Business Days (or Bullion Business 
Days) specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and, if no such number is specified, five Commodity 
Business Days (or Bullion Business Days). 
"Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of: 
(a)
a Commodity, (i) each Commodity Business Day falling in the Observation Period for such 
Commodity on which a Market Disruption Event has not occurred or exists in respect of such 
Commodity, as determined by the Calculation Agent, and (ii) each Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation). Where "Specified Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, in 
respect of a Commodity and if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, notwithstanding that such day may not be a 
Commodity Business Day or is a Commodity Business Day on which a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred or exists in respect of such Commodity. 
(b)
a Commodity Index, (i) each Trading Day falling in the Observation Period for such Commodity 
Index on which a Market Disruption Event has not occurred or exists in respect of such 
Commodity Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent, and (ii) each Specified Observation 
Date (Closing Valuation). Where "Specified Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, 
in respect of a Commodity Index and if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, notwithstanding that such day may not 
be a Trading Day or is a Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists 
in respect of such Commodity Index. 
"Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of: 
(a)
a Commodity, (i) each Commodity Business Day falling in the Observation Period for such 
Commodity on which the relevant Price Source publishes the Commodity Price, regardless of 
whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists on such day and (ii) each Specified 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) for such Commodity. Where "Specified Observation 
Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, in respect of a Commodity and if specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, 
notwithstanding that such day may not be a Commodity Business Day on which the relevant 
Price Source publishes the Commodity Price. 
(b)
a Commodity Index, (i) each day falling in the Observation Period for such Commodity Index 
on which the relevant Commodity Index Sponsor calculates and publishes the Commodity Index 
Level, regardless of whether such day is a Trading Day or whether a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred or exists on such day and (ii) each Specified Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) for such Commodity Index. Where "Specified Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation)" means, in respect of a Commodity Index and if specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, notwithstanding 
that such day may not be a day on which the relevant Commodity Index Sponsor calculates and 
publishes the Commodity Index Level. 
"Observation Period" means a Barrier Observation Period, a Barrier Performance Observation Period, 
a Coupon Observation Period, a Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period, a Daily 
Observation Final Redemption Observation Period, a Knock-In Observation Period, a Knock-In 
Performance Observation Period, Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period or an Observation 
Period (Drop Back) (each as defined in the Payout Conditions), as the case may be.

--- Page 449 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
436 
"Periodic Pricing Date" means in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index, each date specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the relevant Commodity 
Business Day Convention (or Bullion Business Day Convention) (in respect of a Commodity) or the 
relevant Trading Day Convention (in respect of a Commodity Index), as is applicable. 
"Postponement" means that the Pricing Date for the Commodity Reference Price will be deemed to be 
the first succeeding Commodity Business Day (or Bullion Business Day) on which the Market Disruption 
Event ceases to exist, unless such Market Disruption Event continues to exist (measured from and 
including the Adjusted Scheduled Pricing Date corresponding to the Pricing Date) for consecutive 
Commodity Business Days (or consecutive Bullion Business Days) equal in number to the Maximum 
Days of Disruption in respect of such Commodity. 
"Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Price Source" means the publication(s) and/or Screen Page(s) (or such other origin of reference, 
including an Exchange) containing (or reporting) the Specified Price (or prices from which the Specified 
Price is calculated) as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify that "Futures Contract – Delivery Date Roll" or "Futures Contract – Expiry Date Roll" is 
applicable, then "Price Source" shall mean the publication(s) and/or Screen Page(s) (or such other origin 
of reference, including an Exchange) as specified in the relevant Issue Terms in order to reference the 
relevant Futures Contract on the relevant date and at the relevant time as set forth in the applicable proviso 
relating to such Commodity in the definition of "Delivery Date". 
"Price Source Disruption" means, in respect of a Commodity: 
(a)
the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the Specified Price (or the information 
necessary for determining the Specified Price) for the relevant Commodity Reference Price (or, 
if there is no Specified Price for a Commodity Reference Price, such Commodity Reference 
Price); 
(b)
the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source; 
(c)
if the Commodity Reference Price is "Commodity - Reference Dealers", the failure to obtain at 
least three quotations as requested from the relevant Reference Dealers or Bullion Reference 
Dealers (as applicable); or  
(d)
if a Price Materiality Percentage is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Specified Price for the relevant Commodity Reference Price differs from the Specified Price 
determined in accordance with the Commodity Reference Price, "Commodity - Reference 
Dealers", by such Price Materiality Percentage (or, if there is no Specified Price for a 
Commodity Reference Price, the Commodity Reference Prices determined by such means differ 
by such Price Materiality Percentage). 
"Pricing Date" means each Initial Pricing Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Periodic Pricing Date or Final 
Pricing Date, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Commodity Linked Provisions. 
"Reference Dealers" means, if the relevant Commodity Reference Price is "Commodity – Reference 
Dealers", the four dealers specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if dealers are not so specified, four 
leading dealers in the relevant market as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reuters Screen" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, when used in connection with any 
designated page, the display page so designated on Reuters (or such other page as may replace that page 
on that service for the purpose of displaying prices comparable to such Commodity Reference Price, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Scheduled Coupon Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date, the original day 
scheduled as such Coupon Valuation Date, prior to any adjustment or postponement thereof. 
"Scheduled Final Pricing Date" means, in respect of a Final Pricing Date, the original day scheduled 
as such Final Pricing Date, prior to any adjustment or postponement thereof.

--- Page 450 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
437 
"Scheduled Initial Pricing Date" means, in respect of an Initial Pricing Date, the original day scheduled 
as such Initial Pricing Date, prior to any adjustment or postponement thereof. 
"Scheduled Periodic Pricing Date" means, in respect of a Periodic Pricing Date, the original day 
scheduled as such Periodic Pricing Date, prior to any adjustment or postponement thereof. 
"Scheduled Pricing Date" means each Scheduled Initial Pricing Date, each Scheduled Coupon 
Valuation Date, each Scheduled Periodic Pricing Date or Scheduled Final Pricing Date. 
"Screen Page" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the Bloomberg Screen page and/or 
the Reuters Screen page and/or such other screen page of such other information provider, on which 
relevant information for such Commodity Reference Price is reported or published, as is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, provided that if the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Futures Contract – 
Delivery Date Roll" or "Futures Contract – Expiry Date Roll" is applicable, then "Screen Page" shall 
include any additional Bloomberg Screen page and/or the Reuters Screen page and/or such other screen 
page of such other information provider specified as an "Additional Screen Page" in the relevant Issue 
Terms in order to reference the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant date and at the relevant time as 
set forth in the applicable proviso relating to such Commodity in the definition of "Delivery Date". 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, any of the following prices (which 
must be a price reported in or by, or capable of being determined from information reported in or by, the 
relevant Price Source) specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, and, if applicable, as of the time so 
specified: (a) the high price; (b) the low price; (c) the average of the high price and the low price; (d) the 
closing price; (e) the opening price; (f) the bid price; (g) the asked price; (h) the average of the bid price 
and the asked price; (i) the settlement price; (j) the official settlement price; (k) the official price; (l) the 
morning fixing; (m) the afternoon fixing; (n) the spot price; or (o) official closing price. 
"Specified Price Currency" means, in respect of a Specified Price, the currency, as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in which such Specified Price is expressed. 
"Tax Disruption" means, in respect of a Commodity, the imposition of, change in or removal of an 
excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or 
measured by reference to, such Commodity (other than a tax on, or measured by reference to overall 
gross or net income) by any government or taxation authority after the earlier of the Initial Pricing Date 
or the Issue Date (or, if there is no Initial Pricing Date, the Issue Date), if the direct effect of such 
imposition, change, or removal is to raise or lower the Commodity Reference Price on the day that would 
otherwise be a Pricing Date or any other relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, from 
what it would have been without that imposition, change, or removal. 
"Trade Date" means the day specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Trading Day" means a day when:  
(a)
the Commodity Index Sponsor is open for business in Commodity Index Sponsor Business 
Centre; and 
(b)
the exchanges of all futures contracts included in the Commodity Index are open for trading. 
"Trading Day Convention" means, in respect of a Commodity Index, the convention for adjusting any 
Pricing Date or other relevant date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Trading Day. If the 
relevant Issue Terms specify, in respect of such Pricing Date or other date, that: 
(a)
"Following" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing Date 
or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Trading Day, the Pricing Date or 
other date will be the first following day that is a Trading Day; 
(b)
"Modified Following" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled 
Pricing Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Trading Day, the Pricing 
Date or other date will be the first following day that is a Trading Day, unless that day falls in 
the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Trading 
Day;

--- Page 451 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
438 
(c)
"Nearest" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing Date or 
other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Trading Day, the Pricing Date or other 
date will be (i) the first preceding day that is a Trading Day if such date falls on a day other than 
a Sunday or Monday and (ii) the first following day that is a Trading Day if such date falls on a 
Sunday or Monday; 
(d)
"Preceding" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing Date 
or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Trading Day, the Pricing Date or 
other date will be the first preceding day that is a Trading Day; or 
(e)
"No Adjustment" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing 
Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Trading Day, the Pricing Date 
or other date will nonetheless be such Scheduled Pricing Date or other scheduled date. 
If the relevant Issue Terms does not specify an applicable Trading Day Convention, then it shall be 
deemed that "Modified Following" shall apply. 
"Trading Disruption" means the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed on, trading 
in the Futures Contract or the Commodity on the Exchange or in any additional futures contract, options 
contract or commodity on any Exchange as determined by the Calculation Agent. For these purposes: 
(a)
a suspension of the trading in the Futures Contract or the Commodity on any relevant Pricing 
Date or any other relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, shall be deemed to be 
material only if: 
(i)
all trading in the Futures Contract or the Commodity is suspended for the entire Pricing 
Date or other relevant date; or 
(ii)
all trading in the Futures Contract or the Commodity is suspended subsequent to the 
opening of trading on the Pricing Date or other relevant date, trading does not 
recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of trading in such Futures Contract or 
Commodity on such Pricing Date or other relevant date and such suspension is 
announced less than one-hour preceding its commencement; and 
(b)
a limitation of trading in the Futures Contract or the Commodity on any Pricing Date or any 
other relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, shall be deemed to be material only 
if the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of the Futures 
Contract or the Commodity may fluctuate and the closing or settlement price of the Futures 
Contract or the Commodity on such day is at the upper limit of that range or at the lower limit 
of that range. 
"Unit" means the unit of measure of the relevant Commodity, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 452 ---
FX Linked Provisions 
439 
FX LINKED PROVISIONS 
1. 
Consequences of FX Disrupted Days ..................................................................................... 439 
1.1 
Single FX Rate and Reference Dates .......................................................................... 439 
1.2 
FX Rate Basket and Reference Dates ......................................................................... 439 
1.3 
Single FX Rate and Averaging Dates ......................................................................... 439 
1.4 
FX Rate Basket and Averaging Dates ......................................................................... 440 
1.5 
Administrator/Benchmark Event and non-Reference Dates  ...................................... 440 
2. 
Fallback Valuation Date ......................................................................................................... 440 
3. 
Corrections to Published and Displayed Rates ....................................................................... 441 
4. 
Successor Currency ................................................................................................................ 441 
5. 
Rebasing of Securities ............................................................................................................ 442 
6. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events ..................................................................... 442 
7. 
Changes to the FX Rate .......................................................................................................... 442 
8. 
Non-compliant Fallbacks ....................................................................................................... 442 
9. 
Definitions .............................................................................................................................. 442 
These FX Linked Provisions shall apply to Securities for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
these FX Linked Provisions are applicable. 
1.
Consequences of FX Disrupted Days 
1.1
Single FX Rate and Reference Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a Single FX Rate (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall 
apply to one or more particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Reference Dates 
only), if the Calculation Agent determines that any Reference Date in respect of such FX Rate is an FX 
Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine such FX Rate on such Reference Date in 
accordance with the first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms).  
1.2
FX Rate Basket and Reference Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of FX Rates (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision 
shall apply to one or more particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Reference 
Dates only), and if the Calculation Agent determines that any Reference Date in respect of one or more 
of such FX Rates is an FX Disrupted Day, then: 
(a)
for each FX Rate for which the Calculation Agent determines that such Reference Date is not 
an FX Disrupted Day, the FX Rate will be determined in respect of such Reference Date from 
the relevant FX Price Source; and 
(b)
for each FX Rate for which the Calculation Agent determines that such Reference Date is an 
FX Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine such FX Rate on such Reference Date 
in accordance with the first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with its 
terms). 
1.3
Single FX Rate and Averaging Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a single FX Rate and: 
(a)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Averaging Dates – Omission" is applicable, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is an FX Disrupted Day, then such 
Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for the purposes of 
determining any amount payable under the Securities or making any other determination 
thereunder, provided that, if through the operation of this provision there would not be any

--- Page 453 ---
FX Linked Provisions 
440 
Averaging Dates, then the final Averaging Date will be deemed to be the sole Averaging Date, 
and the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Rate on such sole Averaging Date in 
accordance with the first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms); 
or 
(b)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Averaging Dates – Omission" is not applicable, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is an FX Disrupted Day, then such 
Averaging Date will be deemed to be an Averaging Date notwithstanding that it is an FX 
Disrupted Day, and the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Rate on such Averaging Date 
in accordance with the first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with its 
terms). 
1.4
FX Rate Basket and Averaging Dates  
Where the Securities relate to a basket of FX Rates and: 
(a)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Averaging Dates - Omission" is applicable, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is an FX Disrupted Day, then: 
(i)
for each FX Rate for which the Calculation Agent determines that such Averaging Date 
is not an FX Disrupted Day, the FX Rate shall be determined in respect of such 
Averaging Date from the relevant FX Price Source; and 
(ii)
for each FX Rate for which the Calculation Agent determines that such Averaging Date 
is an FX Disrupted Day, such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant 
Averaging Date for the purposes of determining any amount payable under the Securities 
or making any other determination thereunder, provided that, if through the operation of 
this provision there would not be any Averaging Dates for such FX Rate, then the final 
Averaging Date will be deemed to be the sole Averaging Date for the relevant FX Rate 
and the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant FX Rate on such sole Averaging 
Date in accordance with the first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance 
with its terms); or 
(b)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Averaging Dates – Omission" is not applicable, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is an FX Disrupted Day, then such 
Averaging Date will be deemed to be an Averaging Date notwithstanding that it is an FX 
Disrupted Day, and: 
(i)
for each FX Rate for which the Calculation Agent determines that such Averaging Date 
is not an FX Disrupted Day, the FX Rate shall be determined in respect of such 
Averaging Date from the relevant FX Price Source; and 
(ii)
for each FX Rate for which the Calculation Agent determines that such Averaging Date 
is an FX Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Rate on such 
Averaging Date in accordance with the first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied in 
accordance with its terms). 
1.5
Administrator/Benchmark Event and non-Reference Dates  
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred or is in 
existence on any day in respect of the Securities that is not a Reference Date during the term of the 
Securities, the Calculation Agent may at any time determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in 
which event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an 
amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided 
that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event 
which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
2.
Fallback Valuation Date 
Notwithstanding any other terms of these FX Linked Provisions, if a Fallback Valuation Date is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable to any Reference Date or Averaging Date (any such date, 
being a "Relevant Date") for an FX Rate, and if, following adjustment of such Relevant Date on account

--- Page 454 ---
FX Linked Provisions 
441 
of the original date on which such Relevant Date is scheduled to fall not being an FX Business Day (for 
the purposes of this FX Linked Provision 2, an "Affected FX Rate") the Relevant Date would otherwise 
fall after the specified Fallback Valuation Date in respect of such Affected FX Rate, then such Fallback 
Valuation Date shall be deemed to be such Relevant Date for such Affected FX Rate.  
If such Fallback Valuation Date is not an FX Business Day or is an FX Disrupted Day in respect of such 
Affected FX Rate, as the case may be, then the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate 
of the value for such Affected FX Rate on such Fallback Valuation Date. 
3.
Corrections to Published and Displayed Rates 
(a)
In any case where an FX Rate is based on information obtained from the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service, or any other financial information service, the FX Rate will be subject to the 
corrections, if any, to that information subsequently displayed by that source within one hour of 
the time when such rate is first displayed by such source, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines in its discretion that it is not practicable to take into account such correction. 
(b)
Notwithstanding FX Linked Provision 3(a) above, in any case where the FX Rate is based on 
information published or announced by any governmental authority in a relevant country, the 
FX Rate will be subject to the corrections, if any, to that information subsequently published or 
announced by that source within five days of the relevant Reference Date, Averaging Date or 
other relevant date unless the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that it is not 
practicable to take into account such correction. 
4.
Successor Currency 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Successor Currency" is applicable in respect of an FX Rate, 
then: 
(a)
each Reference Currency will be deemed to include any lawful successor currency to the 
Reference Currency (the "Successor Currency");  
(b)
if the Calculation Agent determines that on or after the Issue Date but on or before any relevant 
date under the Securities on which an amount may be payable, a country has lawfully eliminated, 
converted, redenominated or exchanged its currency in effect on the Issue Date or any Successor 
Currency, as the case may be (the "Original Currency") for a Successor Currency, then for the 
purposes of calculating any amounts of the Original Currency or effecting settlement thereof, 
any Original Currency amounts will be converted to the Successor Currency by multiplying the 
amount of Original Currency by a ratio of Successor Currency to Original Currency, which ratio 
will be calculated on the basis of the exchange rate set forth by the relevant country of the 
Original Currency for converting the Original Currency into the Successor Currency on the date 
on which the elimination, conversion, redenomination or exchange took place, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. If there is more than one such date, the date closest to such relevant 
date will be selected (or such other date as may be selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion); 
(c)
notwithstanding paragraph (b) above but subject to paragraph (d) below, the Calculation Agent 
may (to the extent permitted by the applicable law) select such other exchange rate or other basis 
for the conversion of an amount of the Original Currency to the Successor Currency and, will 
make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation 
methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms in respect of the 
Securities to account for such elimination, conversion, redenomination or exchange of the 
Reference Currency; and 
(d)
notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, with respect to any Reference Currency that is 
substituted or replaced by the euro, the consequences of such substitution or replacement will 
be determined in accordance with applicable law. 
Upon making any adjustment in accordance with paragraph (c) above, the Calculation Agent shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Holders stating the adjustment to any variable, calculation 
methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms in respect of the Securities, as

--- Page 455 ---
FX Linked Provisions 
442 
applicable, and/or any of the other relevant terms and giving brief details of the adjustment, provided 
that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the adjustment or any action taken. 
5.
Rebasing of Securities 
(a)
If the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Rebasing" is applicable, then if, on or prior to any 
Reference Date or any other relevant date, the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain a value for 
an FX Rate (because the Reference Currency and/or Base Currency ceases to exist, or for any 
other reason other than a temporary disruption, as determined by the Calculation Agent), the 
Calculation Agent may rebase the Securities against another foreign exchange rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be a comparable foreign exchange rate. 
(b)
If the Calculation Agent determines that there is not such a comparable foreign exchange rate, 
the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer and the Holders that the relevant consequence shall 
be the early redemption of the Securities, in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Securities 
on the date specified in the notice for an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined 
in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early 
Payment Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early 
redemption)" shall be deleted). 
6.
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events 
Following the determination by the Calculation Agent that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, 
the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion: 
(a)
determine to make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of 
the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for such Additional 
Disruption Event; and/or 
(b)
determine and give notice to Holders that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the 
Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal 
to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided 
that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring 
the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
7.
Changes to the FX Rate 
If the methodology or formula for the FX Rate of any Securities or any other means of calculating the 
FX Rate is changed (irrespective of the materiality of any such change or changes), then for the avoidance 
of doubt references to the FX Rate in respect of such Securities shall remain as the FX Rate 
notwithstanding such changes. 
8.
Non-compliant Fallbacks 
Notwithstanding anything else in these FX Linked Provisions, if, in respect of the Securities, it (a) is or 
would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation or (b) would contravene any 
applicable licensing requirements, in each case, for the Calculation Agent to determine the FX Rate or 
make any other determination in respect of the Securities which it would otherwise be obliged to do so 
under these FX Linked Provisions (or it would be unlawful or would contravene those licensing 
requirements were a determination to be made at such time), then (where no other applicable provision 
in these FX Linked Provisions results in such determination being made) the Calculation Agent may 
determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each 
Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined 
in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment 
Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be 
deleted). 
9.
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Securities to which 
the FX Linked Provisions apply:

--- Page 456 ---
FX Linked Provisions 
443 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (a) a Change in Law, and, (b) if Hedging Disruption is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable, a Hedging Disruption. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" has the meaning given in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions). 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable), each date specified as such or otherwise determined 
as provided in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable), subject to any adjustment in accordance 
with the FX Business Day Convention. 
For the avoidance of doubt, references to Averaging Date or Averaging Dates shall be deemed to refer 
to Averaging Date or Averaging Dates in respect of the relevant Coupon Valuation Date, Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable) and shall not include Averaging Dates in 
respect of any other Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date. 
"Base Currency" means, the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (or, where the 
Securities relate to a basket of FX Rates, the currency specified in the column entitled "Base Currency" 
in the Reference Asset Table in the row corresponding to the relevant FX Rate). 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means, in respect of an FX Rate and any relevant day, that the FX 
Rate for such relevant day (or a method for determining the FX Rate) will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent taking into consideration all available information that it deems relevant. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date of the Securities (a) due to the adoption of or 
any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to 
the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Calculation Agent determines that (x) it has, or it will, within the next 15 calendar days 
but on or prior to the Maturity Date, Redemption Date or Settlement Date, as is applicable to the 
Securities, become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant currency or assets, or (y) (if "Change 
in Law – Increased Cost" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) the Hedging Entity 
will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Securities (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position). 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, each date specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms, subject to any adjustment in accordance with the FX Business Day Convention. 
"Currency-Reference Dealers" means, in respect of any relevant day, that the Calculation Agent will 
request each of the Reference Dealers to provide a quotation of its rate at which it will buy one unit of 
the Base Currency in units of the Reference Currency at the applicable FX Valuation Time on such 
relevant day. If, for any such rate, at least two quotations are provided, the relevant rate will be the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided for any such rate, the 
relevant rate will be the arithmetic mean of the relevant rates quoted by major banks in the relevant 
market, selected by the Calculation Agent at or around the applicable FX Valuation Time on such 
relevant day.  
"Disruption Fallback" means, in respect of an FX Rate, Calculation Agent Determination, Currency-
Reference Dealers or Fallback Reference Price. The applicable Disruption Fallback in respect of an FX 
Rate shall be as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and if two or more Disruption Fallbacks are 
specified, such Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order in which they are specified, such that if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the FX Rate cannot be determined by applying one Disruption 
Fallback, then the next Disruption Fallback specified shall apply, provided that if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the FX Rate cannot be determined by applying any of the applicable Disruption 
Fallbacks, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event 
the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal to 
the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early 
Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which 
resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted).

--- Page 457 ---
FX Linked Provisions 
444 
"Fallback Reference Price" means, in respect of any relevant day, that the Calculation Agent will 
determine the FX Rate on such relevant day on the basis of the exchange rate for one unit of the Base 
Currency in terms of the Reference Currency for such FX Rate, published by available recognised 
financial information vendors (as selected by the Calculation Agent) other than the applicable FX Price 
Source, at or around the applicable FX Valuation Time on such relevant day. 
"Fallback Valuation Date" means, in respect of any FX Rate, the date(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms for any date specified in the relevant Issue Terms on which the FX Rate is required to be 
determined, or, if "Default Fallback Valuation Date" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then the 
Fallback Valuation Date for any date on which the FX Rate is required to be determined shall be the 
second Business Day prior to the next following date upon which any payment or delivery of assets may 
have to be made by the Issuer by reference to the FX Rate on such day.  
"FX Business Day" means, in respect of an FX Rate, each day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the 
practice of the foreign exchange market) in (a) the principal financial centre of the Reference Currency 
and (b) the FX Financial Centres (if any) specified in the relevant Issue Terms, unless the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Default FX Business Day" to be not applicable, in which case, paragraph (a) shall not 
apply. 
"FX Business Day Convention" means the convention for adjusting any Reference Date or other 
relevant date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not an FX Business Day. If the relevant Issue 
Terms specify, in respect of such Reference Date, Averaging Date or other date (any such date, being a 
"Relevant Date"), that: 
(a)
"Following" shall apply to such Relevant Date, then if the Scheduled Reference Date, Scheduled 
Averaging Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date (any such scheduled date, 
being a "Scheduled Relevant Date") is not an FX Business Day, the Relevant Date will be the 
first following day that is an FX Business Day; 
(b)
"Modified Following" shall apply to such Relevant Date, then if the Scheduled Relevant Date 
is not an FX Business Day, the Relevant Date will be the first following day that is an FX 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be 
the first preceding day that is an FX Business Day; 
(c)
"Nearest" shall apply to such Relevant Date, then if the Scheduled Relevant Date is not an FX 
Business Day, the Relevant Date will be (i) the first preceding day that is an FX Business Day 
if such date falls on a day other than a Sunday or Monday and (ii) the first following day that is 
an FX Business Day if such date otherwise falls on a Sunday or Monday; 
(d)
"Preceding" shall apply to such Relevant Date, then if the Scheduled Relevant Date is not an 
FX Business Day, the Relevant Date will be the first preceding day that is an FX Business Day; 
or 
(e)
"No Adjustment" shall apply to such Relevant Date or other date, then if the Scheduled 
Relevant Date is not an FX Business Day, the Relevant Date will nonetheless be such Scheduled 
Relevant Date. 
If the relevant Issue Terms does not specify an applicable FX Business Day Convention, then it shall be 
deemed that "Following" shall apply.  
"FX Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an FX Rate, any day on which an FX Disruption Event in 
respect of such FX Rate occurs. 
"FX Disruption Event" means the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of 
any Price Source Disruption and/or any Inconvertibility Event and/or any Administrator/Benchmark 
Event. 
"FX Financial Centres" means, in respect of each FX Rate, the financial centre(s) specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 458 ---
FX Linked Provisions 
445 
"FX Price Source" means, in respect of (a) a Share FX Rate and the Share of each Share Issuer set forth 
in the column entitled "Share Issuer" in the "FX Rate Table", the price source(s) specified in the column 
entitled "FX Price Source" for such FX Rate corresponding to such Share Issuer; or (b) an FX Rate other 
than a Share FX Rate, the price source(s) specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if the Securities relate 
to a basket of FX Rates, the price source(s) specified in the column entitled "FX Price Source" in the 
Reference Asset Table in the row corresponding to such FX Rate), or, in each case, if the relevant rate is 
not published or announced by such FX Price Source at the relevant time, the successor or alternative 
price source or page/publication for the relevant rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion. 
"FX Rate" means, if: 
(a)
"Base Currency/Reference Currency Rate" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect 
of any relevant day, the exchange rate (or, if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, mid exchange 
rate) of one currency for another currency expressed as a number of units of the Reference 
Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per unit of the Base Currency (and, if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify a Number of FX Settlement Days, for settlement in the Number of FX Settlement 
Days or, if the Number of FX Settlement Days is specified to be not applicable, for settlement 
on the same day, reported and/or calculated and/or published by the FX Rate Sponsor), which 
appears on the FX Price Source at approximately the applicable FX Valuation Time on such 
day;  
(b)
"Fixing Rate" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of any relevant day and a 
Share, the official fixing rate of the FX Rate Sponsor, expressed as a number of units of the 
Share Currency of such Share (or fractional amounts thereof) per unit of the Base Currency, 
reported and/or calculated and/or published by the FX Rate Sponsor, which appears on the FX 
Price Source at approximately the applicable FX Valuation Time on such day; or 
(c)
"Inverse Base Currency/Reference Currency Rate" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of any relevant day, the exchange rate (or, if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
mid exchange rate) of one currency for another currency expressed as a number of units of the 
Base Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per unit of the Reference Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent as the quotient of: 
(i)
one, divided by; 
the exchange rate (or, if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, mid exchange rate) of one 
currency for another currency expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency 
(or fractional amounts thereof) per unit of the Base Currency (and, if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify a Number of FX Settlement Days, for settlement in the Number of FX 
Settlement Days or, if the Number of FX Settlement Days is specified to be not 
applicable, for settlement on the same day, reported and/or calculated and/or published 
by the FX Rate Sponsor), which appears on the FX Price Source at approximately the 
applicable FX Valuation Time on such day. 
"FX Rate (Qualifying Actual Transaction)" means, in respect of an FX Rate and any relevant time on 
any relevant day, the spot rate of one currency for another currency expressed as a number of units of the 
Reference Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) of such FX Rate per unit of the Base Currency of 
such FX Rate or, if "Inverse Base Currency/Reference Currency Rate" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, expressed as a number of units of the Base Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) of such FX 
Rate per unit of the Reference Currency of such FX Rate (such Reference Currency and Base Currency 
shall be the "Currency Pair" in respect of such FX Rate (Qualifying Actual Transaction)) at such time 
on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to one or more Qualifying Actual 
Transactions. 
"FX Rate Sponsor" means, in respect of (a) a Share FX Rate and the Share of each Share Issuer set forth 
in the column entitled "Share Issuer" in the "FX Rate Table", the entity specified in the column entitled 
"FX Rate Sponsor" for such FX Rate corresponding to such Share Issuer; or (b) an FX Rate other than a 
Share FX Rate, the entity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (or, where the Securities relate to 
a basket of FX Rates, the entity specified in the column entitled "FX Rate Sponsor" in the Reference 
Asset Table in the row corresponding to such FX Rate).

--- Page 459 ---
FX Linked Provisions 
446 
"FX Valuation Date" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions. 
"FX Valuation Time" means, in respect of (a) a Share FX Rate and the Share of each Share Issuer set 
forth in the column entitled "Share Issuer" in the "FX Rate Table", such time in such place as specified 
in the column entitled "FX Valuation Time" corresponding to such Share Issuer; or (b) an FX Rate other 
than a Share FX Rate, such time in such place as specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or, where the 
Securities relate to a basket of FX Rates, such time in such place as specified in the column entitled "FX 
Valuation Time" in the Reference Asset Table in the row corresponding to such FX Rate). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and the Issuer performing its 
obligations with respect to or in connection with the relevant Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Inconvertibility Event" means, in respect of an FX Rate and any relevant day, the occurrence of an 
event which affects the convertibility of the relevant Reference Currency into the Base Currency. 
"Minimum Qualifying Actual Transaction Size" means, in respect of an FX Rate (Qualifying Actual 
Transaction), the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no such amount is specified, 
U.S.$ 1,000,000. 
"Number of FX Settlement Days" means such number of FX Business Days as is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of an FX Rate and an Observation Period, (i) each FX Business Day which is not an 
FX Disrupted Day for such FX Rate falling in the Observation Period, and (ii) each Specified Observation 
Date (Closing Valuation). Where "Specified Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, in respect 
of an FX Rate and if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each date specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms, notwithstanding that such day may not be an FX Business Day or is an FX 
Disrupted Day for such FX Rate. 
"Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of an FX Rate and an Observation Period, each day falling in the Observation Period.  
"Observation Period" means an Averaging Observation Period, a Barrier Observation Period, a Barrier 
Performance Observation Period, a Coupon Observation Period, a Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Observation Period, a Daily Observation Final Redemption Observation Period, a Knock-In Observation 
Period, a Knock-In Performance Observation Period, Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period 
or an Observation Period (Drop Back) (each as defined in the Payout Conditions), as the case may be, 
provided that, if an Observation Period Cut-off Time is specified in the relevant Issue Terms in respect 
of such Observation Period, then the relevant Observation Period shall end on the Observation Period 
Cut-off Time on the last day of the relevant Observation Period. 
"Observation Period Cut-off Time" means the time (in the place specified in the relevant Issue Terms) 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Periodic Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, 
subject to any adjustment in accordance with the FX Business Day Convention. 
"Price Source Disruption" means it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to obtain the FX 
Rate on any relevant day (or if different, the day on which rates for that day would, in the ordinary course, 
be published or announced by the relevant FX Price Source).  
"Qualifying Actual Transaction" means, in respect of an FX Rate (Qualifying Actual Transaction), a 
transaction in the foreign exchange markets involving the Currency Pair for such FX Rate (Qualifying 
Actual Transaction) (or cross-rates constituting the Currency Pair) and which:  
(a)
the Calculation Agent can objectively verify from an electronic broker service, a voice broker 
service and/or transactions between foreign exchange dealers, in each case provided that (i) the 
Calculation Agent can objectively verify such transactions in a timely manner and (ii) any

--- Page 460 ---
FX Linked Provisions 
447 
quotations, whether firm or indicative, obtained from a foreign exchange broker or dealer or a 
quotation screen or other information source that does not provide evidence of an actual 
transaction shall not constitute a Qualifying Actual Transaction;  
(b)
is not a transaction between parties who are affiliates (even if such transactions are entered into 
at arm's length and in good faith) or who are not otherwise dealing at arm's length and/or who 
are otherwise not providing good faith fair market prices (to the knowledge of the Calculation 
Agent);  
(c)
is a transaction which occurs during the Observation Period and from, and including, the 
Qualifying Actual Transaction Observation Start Time, on the Monday in a week to, and 
including, the Qualifying Actual Transaction Observation End Time, on the Friday in such 
week; and 
(d)
is of a commercial size as determined by the Calculation Agent based on such factors as the 
Currency Pair (or cross-rates constituting the Currency Pair) and the then-current level of 
liquidity for transactions in the Currency Pair (or cross-rates constituting the Currency Pair) and, 
subject to such factors (and the proviso below), transactions of at least the Minimum Qualifying 
Actual Transaction Size (which could comprise two or more substantially contemporaneous 
transactions, and converted into the relevant currency) shall be deemed to be of a "commercial 
size", provided that the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, refer to transactions of less 
than Minimum Qualifying Actual Transaction Size in illiquid markets or other extraordinary 
market circumstances. 
"Qualifying Actual Transaction Observation End Time" means the time specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Qualifying Actual Transaction Observation Start Time" means the time specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Reference Currency" means, in respect of (a) a share FX Rate, the Share Currency or if no Share 
Currency is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; or (b) an FX Rate other than a Share FX Rate, the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms (or, where the Securities relate to a basket of FX Rates, the currency specified in the column 
entitled "Reference Currency" in the row corresponding to such FX Rate). 
"Reference Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, each FX Initial Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation 
Date, Periodic Valuation Date or FX Valuation Date, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the FX Linked Provisions.
"Reference Dealers" means, in respect of each FX Rate, four leading dealers in the relevant foreign 
exchange market, as determined by the Calculation Agent (or any other number of dealers as specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms).
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate and any Averaging Date, any original 
date that, but for such date not being an FX Business Day for such FX Rate, would have been such 
Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Reference Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate and any Reference Date, any original date 
that, but for such day not being an FX Business Day for such FX Rate, would have been such Reference 
Date. 
"Share Currency" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions.

--- Page 461 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
448 
CREDIT LINKED PROVISIONS 
1 
Provisions in respect of a Single Name CLN ........................................................................ 448 
1.1. 
Specified Final Redemption Amount .................................................................................... 449 
1.2. 
Auction Settlement ................................................................................................................ 449 
1.3. 
Cash Settlement..................................................................................................................... 449 
1.4. 
Zero Recovery  ...................................................................................................................... 450 
1.5. 
Potential Postponement of the Maturity Date ....................................................................... 450 
1.5(a) 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension .............................................................. 450 
1.5(b) 
Grace Period Extension ................................................................................. 451 
1.5(c) 
Maturity Date Extension ............................................................................... 451 
2 
Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Untranched CLN ..................................................... 453 
3 
Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Tranched CLN ........................................................ 455 
4 
Provisions in respect of Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index ........................... 458 
5. 
Method for Determining Obligations .................................................................................... 465 
6. 
Method for Determining Valuation Obligations ................................................................... 465 
7. 
Credit Event Notice after M(M)R Restructuring .................................................................. 467 
8. 
Timings and Requirements Regarding Notices ..................................................................... 468 
9. 
Merger between Reference Entity and Issuer or Guarantor (if applicable) ........................... 468 
10. 
Inconsistency with determinations of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees .. 469 
11. 
Effect of DC Resolutions ...................................................................................................... 469 
11.1 
Settlement Suspension .................................................................................. 469 
11.2 
Effect of DC Resolutions .............................................................................. 469 
12. 
Calculation Agent ................................................................................................................. 470 
13. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................. 471 
14 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations .............................. 510 
15 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement ............................................................... 511 
16 
Additional Provisions for Contingent Convertible (CoCo) Obligations ............................... 513 
These Credit Linked Provisions shall apply to Securities for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
these Credit Linked Provisions are applicable. Annex A and B to these Credit Linked Provisions do not 
form part of these Credit Linked Provisions. 
An issuance of Securities in respect of which the CLN Type, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, is 
specified to be: 
(i)
"Single Name CLN", shall be a "Single Name CLN"; 
(ii)
"Credit Index (Untranched)", shall be a "Credit Index Untranched CLN"; and 
(iii)
"Credit Index (Tranched)", shall be a "Credit Index Tranched CLN". 
1.
Provisions in respect of a Single Name CLN  
This Credit Linked Provision 1 (Provisions in respect of a Single Name CLN) shall apply in 
respect of any Single Name CLN. In the event of any inconsistency between the definitions and 
provisions of this Credit Linked Provision 1 (Provisions in respect of a Single Name CLN) and

--- Page 462 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
449 
the remainder of the Credit Linked Provisions, in respect of a Single Name CLN, this Credit 
Linked Provision 1 (Provisions in respect of a Single Name CLN) shall govern. 
1.1
Specified Final Redemption Amount 
Subject as provided below and in Credit Linked Provision 7 (Credit Event Notice after M(M)R 
Restructuring), if an Event Determination Date has not occurred, and unless previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with General Condition 24 (Purchase and 
Cancellation), each Security (of the Specified Denomination) shall be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date and, for the purposes of General Condition 5.2 (Final Redemption), the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of each Security (of the Specified Denomination) shall be an amount in the 
Specified Currency equal to the Specified Final Redemption Amount.  
1.2
Auction Settlement 
Subject as provided below and in Credit Linked Provision 7 (Credit Event Notice after M(M)R 
Restructuring), if an Event Determination Date has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity 
and "Auction Settlement" is specified as the Settlement Method with respect to such Reference 
Entity in the relevant Issue Terms, Auction Settlement shall apply and, for the purposes of 
General Condition 5.2 (Final Redemption), the Final Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Security (of the Specified Denomination) shall be an amount in the Specified Currency, 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the product of (a) the Auction Final Price and (b) 
the Specified Denomination. 
If, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Credit Event: 
(a)
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(b)
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and, in circumstances where such No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraphs (b) or (c) of the definition of No 
Auction Announcement Date), the Calculation Agent has not exercised the Movement 
Option); 
(c)
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or 
(d)
an Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(i) of the 
definition of Event Determination Date or sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Non-
Standard Event Determination Date and, in either case, no Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date has occurred on or prior to the date falling three Business Days after such 
Event Determination Date, 
then the Fallback Settlement Method shall apply. 
If an Event Determination Date occurs and the Securities of a Single Name CLN become 
redeemable in accordance with the Conditions, upon payment of the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Securities, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in 
respect of the Securities and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in 
respect thereof. The Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Securities may be less 
than the original amount invested. 
1.3
Cash Settlement 
Subject as provided in Credit Linked Provision 7 (Credit Event Notice after M(M)R 
Restructuring), if an Event Determination Date has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity 
and "Cash Settlement" is specified as the Settlement Method with respect to such Reference 
Entity or "Cash Settlement" is deemed to be applicable with respect to such Reference Entity in 
accordance with Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction Settlement), Cash Settlement shall apply 
and for the purposes of General Condition 5.2 (Final Redemption), the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of each Security (of the Specified Denomination) shall be an amount in the 
Specified Currency, calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the product of (a) the Final 
Price and (b) the Specified Denomination.

--- Page 463 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
450 
If an Event Determination Date occurs and the Securities of a Single Name CLN become 
redeemable in accordance with the Conditions, upon payment of the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Securities, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in 
respect of the Securities and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in 
respect thereof. The Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Securities may be less 
than the original amount invested. 
1.4
Zero Recovery  
Notwithstanding Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction Settlement) and/or 1.3 (Cash Settlement) 
and subject as provided in Credit Linked Provision 7 (Credit Event Notice after M(M)R 
Restructuring), if an Event Determination Date has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity 
and "Zero Recovery" is specified as the Settlement Method with respect to such Reference 
Entity in the relevant Issue Terms, for the purposes of General Condition 5.2 (Final 
Redemption), the Final Redemption Amount in respect of each Security (of the Specified 
Denomination) shall be zero. 
If an Event Determination Date occurs and the Securities of a Single Name CLN become 
redeemable without payment in accordance with the Conditions, the Issuer shall have 
discharged its obligations in respect of the Securities and shall have no other liability or 
obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The Final Redemption Amount in respect of the 
Securities will be zero. 
1.5
Potential Postponement of the Maturity Date 
(a)
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
If Repudiation/Moratorium is specified as a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity in the 
Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable), the provisions of this Credit Linked 
Provision 1.5(a) (Repudiation/Moratorium Extension) shall apply. 
Where an Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date but the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has been satisfied on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or, if sub-paragraph (b) of Credit Linked Provision 1.5(c) (Maturity 
Date Extension) applies, the Postponed Maturity Date and the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date in respect of the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium will in the sole 
determination of the Calculation Agent fall after the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Postponed 
Maturity Date (as applicable), then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Holders in accordance 
with General Condition 26 (Notices) that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and: 
(i)
where a 
Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, and in the case of Securities that pay an 
Interest Amount, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay (i) the Interest Amount in respect of 
the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall 
on the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) additional interest calculated as provided herein 
on the basis of an additional Interest Period in respect of the Securities from, (and 
including), the Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall on the Scheduled Maturity Date 
to, (but excluding), the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date and determined by 
applying an overnight deposit rate determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion from such source(s) as it may select for such day (and such rate shall 
be deemed to be the Rate of Interest in respect of such additional Interest Period for the 
purposes of calculating the relevant Interest Amount), but shall only be obliged to make 
such 
payment 
of 
interest 
on 
the 
third 
Business 
Day 
following 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (and such date shall be deemed to be an 
Interest Payment Date) and no further or other amount in respect of interest or such delay 
shall be payable; or 
(ii)
where 
a 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
has 
occurred 
on 
or 
prior 
to 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date and an Event Determination Date has 
occurred, the provisions of Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction Settlement) and/or 1.3

--- Page 464 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
451 
(Cash Settlement) or Credit Linked Provision 1.4 (Zero Recovery), as applicable, shall 
apply to the Securities. 
(b)
Grace Period Extension 
If Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in respect of a Reference Entity in the 
Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable), the provisions of this Credit Linked 
Provision 1.5(b) (Grace Period Extension) shall apply. 
Where an Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date but a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to one or more Obligation(s) in 
respect of which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (and 
such Grace Period(s) is/are continuing as at the Scheduled Maturity Date), then: 
(i)
where a Failure to Pay has not occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date, 
and in the case of Securities that pay an Interest Amount, the Issuer shall be obliged to 
pay (i) the Interest Amount in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) 
the Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall on the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) 
additional interest calculated as provided herein on the basis of an additional Interest 
Period in respect of the Securities from, (and including), the Interest Payment Date 
scheduled to fall on the Scheduled Maturity Date to, (but excluding), the Grace Period 
Extension Date and determined by applying an overnight deposit rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion from such source(s) as it may select 
for such day (and such rate shall be deemed to be the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
additional Interest Period for the purposes of calculating the relevant Interest Amount) 
but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the third Business Day 
following the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (and such date shall be deemed to 
be an Interest Payment Date) and no further or other amount in respect of interest or such 
delay shall be payable; or 
(ii)
where a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date and 
an Event Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of Credit Linked Provision 1.2 
(Auction Settlement) and/or 1.3 (Cash Settlement) or Credit Linked Provision 1.4 (Zero 
Recovery), as applicable, shall apply to the Securities. 
(c)
Maturity Date Extension 
If: 
(i)
on (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date or (ii), if applicable, the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date, or (iii) the Grace Period Extension Date, as the case may be, an Event 
Determination Date has not occurred but, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
a Credit Event may have occurred; or 
(ii)
on the Scheduled Maturity Date, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may have occurred,  
the Calculation Agent shall notify the Holders in accordance with General Condition 26 
(Notices) that the Maturity Date has been postponed to a date (such date, the "Postponed 
Maturity Date") specified in such notice falling 90 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or the Grace Period Extension Date, as the 
case may be, or if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day 
and: 
(A)
in respect of (i) above, if an Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to 
the Postponed Maturity Date or, in respect of (ii) above, the Repudiation Moratorium 
Extension Condition is not satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date, and in 
the case of Securities that pay an Interest Amount, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay (I) 
the Interest Amount in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall on the Scheduled Maturity Date and (II) 
additional interest calculated as provided herein on the basis of an additional Interest 
Period in respect of the Securities from, (and including), the Interest Payment Date

--- Page 465 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
452 
scheduled to fall on the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date or the Grace Period Extension Date, as the case may be, to, (but 
excluding) the Postponed Maturity Date and determined by applying an overnight 
deposit rate determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion from 
such source(s) as it may select for such day (and such rate shall be deemed to be the Rate 
of Interest in respect of such additional Interest Period for the purposes of calculating the 
relevant Interest Amount), but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on 
the Postponed Maturity Date (and such date shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment 
Date) and no further or other amount in respect of interest or such delay shall be payable; 
or 
(B)
where: 
(1)
in respect of (i) above, an Event Determination Date has occurred on or 
prior to the Postponed Maturity Date, the provisions of Credit Linked 
Provision 1.2 (Auction Settlement) and/or 1.3 (Cash Settlement) or Credit 
Linked Provision 1.4 (Zero Recovery), as applicable, shall apply to the 
Securities; or 
(2)
in respect of (ii) above, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition 
is satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date, and the provisions 
of Credit Linked Provision 1.5(a) (Repudiation/Moratorium Extension) 
shall apply to the Securities. 
1.6
Interest Provisions in respect of a Single Name CLN 
(a)
General Condition 4 (Interest and other Calculations under the Notes) shall apply, subject as 
provided in this Credit Linked Provision 1.6, and interest will accrue on the Securities for each 
Interest Period, except that: 
(i)
the initial Interest Period will commence on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date; and 
(ii)
the final Interest Period will (subject to Credit Linked Provision 1.5 (Potential 
Postponement of the Maturity Date)) end on, but exclude, the earlier to occur of: 
(A)
the final Interest Period End Date; or 
(B)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Interest accrual up to Event Determination 
Date": 
(1)
to be not applicable, the Interest Period End Date immediately preceding 
the final Event Determination Date; or 
(2)
to be applicable, the final Event Determination Date,  
provided that: 
(i)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Interest accrual up to Event Determination Date" to 
be not applicable and the final Event Determination Date falls prior to the first Interest 
Payment Date, no interest shall be payable in respect of the Securities; and  
(ii)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Interest accrual up to Event Determination Date" to 
be applicable, if an Event Determination Date has occurred the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding such Event Determination Date shall be the final Interest 
Payment Date and the Interest Amount payable in respect of the final Interest Period 
shall be payable on the Maturity Date.  
(b)
If the Securities are Fixed Rate Notes, each Security bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including (or in the case of Swedish Notes, excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 466 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
453 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Interest Period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the Rate of Interest by the Calculation Amount and multiplying the product by the 
Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure in accordance with General Condition 22 
(Rounding). 
(c)
Subject to Credit Linked Provision 1.5 (Potential Postponement of the Maturity Date), if the 
Securities are Floating Rate Notes and where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the "ISDA Rate" 
for the purposes of General Condition 4.2(b)(i) (ISDA Determination for Rate of Interest) in 
respect of any Interest Period that is longer or shorter than the Designated Maturity specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms shall be determined by the Calculation Agent through the use of 
straight-line interpolation by reference to two Floating Rates that, in each case, would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions based on the 
Floating Rate Option and Reset Date specified in the relevant Issue Terms, one of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate (or any of the Floating Rates used to 
determine such ISDA Rate) cannot be determined in accordance with the ISDA Definitions read 
together with the above provisions, the value of the ISDA Rate (or relevant Floating Rate) for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (c), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
2.
Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Untranched CLN 
This Credit Linked Provision 2 (Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Untranched CLN) shall 
apply in respect of any Credit Index Untranched CLN. In the event of any inconsistency between 
the definitions and provisions of this Credit Linked Provision 2 (Provisions in respect of a Credit 
Index Untranched CLN) and the remainder of the Credit Linked Provisions, in respect of a 
Credit Index Untranched CLN, this Credit Linked Provision 2 (Provisions in respect of a Credit 
Index Untranched CLN) shall govern. 
2.1
Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Credit Index Untranched CLN 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with General Condition 
24 (Purchase and Cancellation) and subject as provided below, the Issuer shall pay in respect 
of each Security (of the Specified Denomination) an amount in the Specified Currency on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (such amount, the "Redemption Amount") determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the Interest Bearing Amount in respect of the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, provided that if, in respect of the Scheduled Maturity Date, one or more Affected 
Reference Entities exist and the Notional Reduction Amount in respect of the Scheduled 
Maturity Date is greater than zero, then on each Additional Instalment Date (if any) an 
Additional Instalment shall be payable in addition to the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. No additional amount shall be payable in respect of the postponement 
of payment of an Additional Instalment to an Additional Instalment Date. 
For the purposes of General Condition 5.2 (Final Redemption) only: 
(i)
the final Additional Instalment (if any) payable on the final Additional Instalment Date; 
or, if no Additional Instalments are payable, 
(ii)
the Redemption Amount payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date,

--- Page 467 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
454 
shall be deemed to be the Final Redemption Amount.  
2.2
Interest Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Untranched CLN 
(a)
Notwithstanding General Condition 4 (Interest and other Calculations under the Notes), unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with General Condition 24 
(Purchase and Cancellation) and subject as provided below, in the case of Securities which are 
Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes the Issuer shall pay in respect of each Security (of the 
Specified Denomination) an amount in the Specified Currency on each Interest Payment Date 
(such amount, the "Interest Amount"), in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such Interest Payment Date, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula (and such Interest Amount shall be construed for the purposes of the 
General Conditions as an Interest Amount), and rounding the resultant figure in accordance with 
General Condition 22 (Rounding): 
Rate of Interest  x Interest Bearing Amount x Day Count Fraction 
provided that, if in respect of an Interest Payment Date, (i) one or more Affected Reference 
Entities exist, and (ii) the Notional Reduction Amount in respect of such Interest Payment Date 
is greater than zero, as determined by the Calculation Agent, then on each relevant Additional 
Interest Payment Date an Additional Interest Amount (if any) shall be payable. No additional 
amount shall be payable in respect of the postponement of payment of an Additional Interest 
Amount to an Additional Interest Payment Date. 
If the Securities are redeemed prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and other than on an Interest 
Payment Date then there shall be no accrued amount payable in respect of the Securities (of the 
Specified Denomination) in respect of any Interest Amount. 
(b)
Subject as provided in Credit Linked Provision 2.2(a) above, if the Securities are Floating Rate 
Notes and where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the "ISDA Rate" for the purposes of General 
Condition 4.2(b)(i) (ISDA Determination for Rate of Interest) in respect of any Interest Period 
that is longer or shorter than the Designated Maturity specified in the relevant Issue Terms shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent through the use of straight-line interpolation by 
reference to two Floating Rates that, in each case, would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions based on the Floating Rate Option and Reset Date specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate (or any of the Floating Rates used to 
determine such ISDA Rate) cannot be determined in accordance with the ISDA Definitions read 
together with the above provisions, the value of the ISDA Rate (or relevant Floating Rate) for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (b), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(c)
Definitions in respect of Credit Index Untranched CLNs 
The following words and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of a Credit 
Index Untranched CLN: 
"Additional Interest Amount" means, in respect an Interest Payment Date, if a Determination 
Date occurs in respect of a Reference Entity that was an Affected Reference Entity in respect of

--- Page 468 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
455 
such Interest Payment Date, an amount (which may be zero) in the Specified Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(i)
the Revised Interest Amount determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Adjustment Calculation Date in respect of such Interest Payment Date (the "Relevant 
Adjustment Calculation Date"); minus  
(ii)
the Revised Interest Amount determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Adjustment Calculation Date immediately preceding such Relevant Adjustment 
Calculation Date, or, if no such preceding Adjustment Calculation Date has occurred, 
the Interest Amount relating to such Interest Payment Date.  
"Maturity Date" means, the Scheduled Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Following Business Day Convention, provided that, if: 
(i)
in respect of the Scheduled Maturity Date, one or more Affected Reference Entities exist 
and the Notional Reduction Amount in respect of the Scheduled Maturity Date is greater 
than zero, the Maturity Date shall be: 
(A)
the third Business Day following the last occurring Determination Date in respect 
of any such Affected Reference Entity; or 
(B)
if later, the final Additional Instalment Date; or 
(ii)
in respect of an Interest Payment Date, no Undetermined Reference Entities exist and the 
Notional Reduction Amount in respect of such day is 100 per cent., the Maturity Date 
shall fall on such Interest Payment Date. 
If the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no additional amount shall be 
payable in respect of interest for the period from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date 
to (and including) the Maturity Date as a result thereof. 
"Notional Reduction Amount" means, in respect of any relevant day, a percentage determined 
by the Calculation Agent in respect of such day as being equal to Accumulated Loss in respect 
of such day, subject to a maximum of 100 per cent. and a minimum of zero. 
"Redemption Adjustment Calculation Date" means, in respect of a Reference Entity that was 
an Affected Reference Entity in respect of the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Determination Date 
in respect of such Reference Entity. 
3.
Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Tranched CLN 
This Credit Linked Provision 3 (Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Tranched CLN) shall 
apply in respect of any Credit Index Tranched CLN. In the event of any inconsistency between 
the definitions and provisions of this Credit Linked Provision 3 (Provisions in respect of a Credit 
Index Tranched CLN) and the remainder of the Credit Linked Provisions, in respect of a Credit 
Index Tranched CLN, this Credit Linked Provision 3 (Provisions in respect of a Credit Index 
Tranched CLN) shall govern. 
3.1
Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Credit Index Tranched CLN 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with General Condition 
24 (Purchase and Cancellation), and subject as provided below, the Issuer shall pay in respect 
of each Security (of the Specified Denomination) an amount in the Specified Currency on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (such amount, the "Redemption Amount") determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with sub-paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) below (as applicable): 
(i)
if the Accumulated Loss in respect of the Final Interest Payment Date is less than or 
equal to the Lower Boundary, as determined by the Calculation Agent, an amount equal 
to the Specified Denomination;

--- Page 469 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
456 
(ii)
if the Accumulated Loss in respect of the Final Interest Payment Date is greater than the 
Lower Boundary but less than the Upper Boundary, an amount equal to the Interest 
Bearing Amount in respect of the Final Interest Payment Date; and 
(iii)
if the Accumulated Loss in respect of the Final Interest Payment Date is equal to or 
greater than the Upper Boundary, zero, 
provided that if, in respect of the Final Interest Payment Date, one or more Affected Reference 
Entities exist and (1) the aggregate of the Triggered Reference Entity Losses in respect of each 
Triggered Reference Entity and the Final Interest Payment Date is less than the Upper 
Boundary; and (2) the Accumulated Loss is greater than the Lower Boundary, in each case as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, then on each Additional Instalment Date an Additional 
Instalment (if any) shall be payable in addition to the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. No additional amount shall be payable in respect of the postponement 
of payment of an Additional Instalment to an Additional Instalment Date. 
For the purposes of General Condition 5.2 (Final Redemption) only: 
(i)
the final Additional Instalment (if any) payable on the final Additional Instalment Date; 
or, if no Additional Instalments are payable, 
(ii)
the Redemption Amount payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
shall be deemed to be the Final Redemption Amount.  
3.2
Interest Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Tranched CLN 
(a)
Notwithstanding General Condition 4 (Interest and other Calculations under the Notes), unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with General Condition 24 
(Purchase and Cancellation) and subject as provided below, in the case of Securities which are 
Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes the Issuer shall pay in respect of each Security (of the 
Specified Denomination) an amount in the Specified Currency on each Interest Payment Date 
(such amount, the "Interest Amount"), in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such Interest Payment Date, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula (and such Interest Amount shall be construed for the purposes of the 
General Conditions as an Interest Amount), and rounding the resultant figure in accordance with 
General Condition 22 (Rounding): 
Rate of Interest  x Interest Bearing Amount x Day Count Fraction 
provided that: 
(i)
if in respect of an Interest Payment Date one or more Affected Reference Entities exist 
and (1) the aggregate of the Triggered Reference Entity Losses in respect of each 
Triggered Reference Entity and such Interest Payment Date is less than the Upper 
Boundary; and (2) the Accumulated Loss in respect of such Interest Payment Date is 
greater than the Lower Boundary, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
then on each relevant Additional Interest Payment Date an Additional Interest Amount 
(if any) shall be payable. No additional amount shall be payable in respect of the 
postponement of payment of an Additional Interest Amount to an Additional Interest 
Payment Date; and  
(ii)
if, in respect of the first Interest Payment Date, the aggregate of the Triggered Reference 
Entity Losses in respect of each Triggered Reference Entity and such day is equal to or 
greater than the Upper Boundary, no Interest Amount shall be payable in respect of the 
Securities. 
If the Securities are redeemed prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and other than on an Interest 
Payment Date, then there shall be no accrued amount payable in respect of the Securities (of the 
Specified Denomination) in respect of any Interest Amount.

--- Page 470 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
457 
(b)
Subject as provided in Credit Linked Provision 3.2(a) above, if the Securities are Floating Rate 
Notes and where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the "ISDA Rate" for the purposes of General 
Condition 4.2(b)(i) (ISDA Determination for Rate of Interest) in respect of any Interest Period 
that is longer or shorter than the Designated Maturity specified in the relevant Issue Terms shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent through the use of straight-line interpolation by 
reference to two Floating Rates that, in each case, would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions based on the Floating Rate Option and Reset Date specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate (or any of the Floating Rates used to 
determine such ISDA Rate) cannot be determined in accordance with the ISDA Definitions read 
together with the above provisions, the value of the ISDA Rate (or relevant Floating Rate) for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (b), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
3.3
Definitions in respect of Credit Index Tranched CLNs 
The following words and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of a Credit 
Index Tranched CLN: 
"Additional Interest Amount" means, in respect an Interest Payment Date, if a Determination 
Date occurs in respect of a Reference Entity that was an Affected Reference Entity in respect of 
such Interest Payment Date, and the Accumulated Loss in respect of such Interest Payment Date 
was greater than the Lower Boundary, as determined by the Calculation Agent, an amount 
(which may be zero) in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(i)
the Revised Interest Amount determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Adjustment Calculation Date in respect of such Interest Payment Date (the "Relevant 
Adjustment Calculation Date"); minus 
(ii)
the Revised Interest Amount determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Adjustment Calculation Date immediately preceding such Relevant Adjustment 
Calculation Date, or, if no such preceding Adjustment Calculation Date has occurred, 
the Interest Amount relating to such Interest Payment Date.  
"Lower Boundary" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Maturity Date" means, the Scheduled Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Following Business Day Convention, provided that, if: 
(i)
in respect of the Scheduled Maturity Date, one or more Affected Reference Entities exist 
(each such Affected Reference Entity, a "Relevant Affected Reference Entity") and: 
(A)
the aggregate of the Triggered Reference Entity Losses in respect of Triggered 
Reference Entities is less than the Upper Boundary; and 
(B)
the Accumulated Loss is greater than the Lower Boundary, 
in each case, in respect of the Scheduled Maturity Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, the Maturity Date shall be the final Additional Instalment Date; or

--- Page 471 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
458 
(ii)
on the Cut-off Date relating to an Interest Payment Date other than the Final Interest 
Payment Date, the aggregate of the Triggered Reference Entity Losses in respect of 
Triggered Reference Entities in respect of such day is equal to or greater than the Upper 
Boundary, the Maturity Date shall fall on the Interest Payment Date to which such Cut-
off Date relates. 
If the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no additional amount shall be 
payable in respect of interest for the period from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date 
to (and including) the Maturity Date as a result thereof. 
"Notional Reduction Amount" means, in respect of any relevant day, a percentage determined 
by the Calculation Agent in respect of such day as being equal to the quotient of: 
(i)
(a) the Accumulated Loss in respect of such day minus (b) the Lower Boundary (as 
numerator); and  
(ii)
the Tranche Size (as denominator), 
subject to a maximum of 100 per cent. and a minimum of zero. 
"Tranche Size" means the Upper Boundary minus the Lower Boundary. 
"Upper Boundary" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
4.
Provisions in respect of Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index  
This Credit Linked Provision 4 (Provisions in respect of Credit Linked Securities linked to a 
Credit Index) shall apply in respect of any Credit Index Tranched CLN or Credit Index 
Untranched CLN. In the event of any inconsistency between the definitions and provisions of 
this Credit Linked Provision 4 (Provisions in respect of Credit Linked Securities linked to a 
Credit Index) and Credit Linked Provision 13 (Definitions), in respect of any Credit Index 
Tranched CLN or Credit Index Untranched CLN, this Credit Linked Provision 4 (Provisions in 
respect of a Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index) shall govern. 
4.1
Settlement of Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index 
The Settlement Method in respect of any Credit Index Untranched CLN or a Credit Index 
Tranched CLN, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, shall be "Zero Recovery" or "Auction 
Settlement". 
If "Auction Settlement" is the Settlement Method in respect of a Credit Index Untranched CLN 
or a Credit Index Tranched CLN, as applicable, and, if, with respect to a Reference Entity and 
a Credit Event: 
(a)
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(b)
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and, in circumstances where such No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraphs (b) or (c) of the definition of No 
Auction Announcement Date), the Calculation Agent has not exercised the Movement 
Option); 
(c)
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or 
(d)
an Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(i) of the 
definition of Event Determination Date or sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Non-
Standard Event Determination Date and, in either case, no Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date has occurred on or prior to the date falling three Business Days after such 
Event Determination Date, 
then the Fallback Settlement Method shall apply and the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Final Price in respect of such Reference Entity in accordance with the definition set out in Credit 
Linked Provision 13 (Definitions).

--- Page 472 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
459 
4.2
Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index 
(a)
The Securities relate to a basket of Reference Entities. Accordingly, there may be more than one 
Credit Event and more than one Event Determination Date and the Credit Linked Provisions 
should be construed accordingly. 
(b)
Credit Linked Provision 9 (Merger between Reference Entity and Issuer or Guarantor (if 
applicable)) shall not apply to the Securities. 
(c)
The Index Annex will be deemed amended from time to time to reflect any modifications 
resulting from the application of the definitions of "Reference Obligation", "Standard Reference 
Obligation" and "Substitute Reference Obligation", in each case, as set out in Credit Linked 
Provision 13 (Definitions), the definition of the "Reference Obligation(s)" in this Credit Linked 
Provision 4.2(c), and/or the "Reference Entity" provision in Credit Linked Provision 4.3 below. 
(d)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Credit Linked Provisions, the Calculation Agent 
may not deliver a Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice unless a notice has previously been 
delivered to the DC Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules requesting that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve a DC Credit Event 
Question or one or more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity, as applicable, with respect 
to the facts described in such Credit Event Notice or Successor Event Notice, as applicable, and 
either: 
(i)
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred; 
(ii)
the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination; or 
(iii)
the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the conditions convening the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve such matters have not been 
satisfied in accordance with the DC Rules. 
Any Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice delivered in breach of the requirements within 
this provision shall be deemed not to have been delivered. 
4.3
Definitions in respect of Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index 
The following words and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of any Credit 
Index Tranched CLN or Credit Index Untranched CLN: 
"Accumulated Loss" means, in respect of any relevant day, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of such day as being equal to the sum of (i) the aggregate of the 
Reference Entity Weightings in respect of each Reference Entity which is an Affected Reference 
Entity and (ii) the aggregate of all Triggered Reference Entity Losses in respect of Triggered 
Reference Entities, in each case, in respect of such day. 
"Additional Instalment" means, in respect of a Reference Entity that was an Affected 
Reference Entity in respect of the Final Interest Payment Date, an amount (which may be zero) 
in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(i)
the Revised Interest Bearing Amount calculated in respect of the Redemption 
Adjustment Calculation Date in respect of such Reference Entity (the "Relevant 
Redemption Adjustment Calculation Date"); minus
(ii)
the Revised Interest Bearing Amount calculated in respect of the Redemption 
Adjustment Calculation Date immediately preceding such Relevant Redemption 
Adjustment Calculation Date, or if no such Redemption Adjustment Calculation Date 
has occurred, the Redemption Amount.  
"Additional Instalment Date" means, in respect of a Reference Entity that was an Affected 
Reference Entity in respect of the Final Interest Payment Date, the day falling five Business

--- Page 473 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
460 
Days after the Redemption Adjustment Calculation Date (if any) in respect of such Reference 
Entity. 
"Additional Interest Payment Date" means, in respect of a Reference Entity that was an 
Affected Reference Entity in respect of an Interest Payment Date (the "Relevant Interest 
Payment Date") either: 
(i)
where the Relevant Interest Payment Date is not the Final Interest Payment Date, the 
Interest Payment Date immediately following the Relevant Interest Payment Date; or 
(ii)
where the Relevant Interest Payment Date is the Final Interest Payment Date, the day 
falling five Business Days after the Determination Date (if any) in respect of such 
Reference Entity. 
"Adjustment Calculation Date" means, in respect of a Reference Entity that was an Affected 
Reference Entity in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Determination Date in respect of 
such Reference Entity. 
"Affected Reference Entity" means, with respect to a Specified Payment Date and a Reference 
Entity, a Reference Entity that either: 
(i)
was an Undetermined Reference Entity in respect of the Cut-off Date relating to that 
Specified Payment Date; or  
(ii)
in respect of which a Deferral Notice has been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer at any time during the Deferral Notice Delivery Period in respect of such Specified 
Payment Date, 
and, in each case, no Determination Date has occurred in respect thereof. 
"Annex Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
"Applicable Auction" means an Auction which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to 
a Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity and Obligations thereof. 
"Applicable Auction Final Price" means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, the price 
(expressed as a percentage) determined to be the Auction Final Price in accordance with the 
Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. The Calculation Agent shall notify 
the Issuer, as soon as practicable after the publication of the Auction Final Price in respect of an 
Applicable Auction, of the related Applicable Auction Final Price.  
"Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means, with respect to an 
Applicable Auction, the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (if any) published in 
respect of such Applicable Auction, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Applicable Event Determination Date" means, in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, 
an Event Determination Date that occurs on or before the Latest Potential Event Determination 
Date with respect to such Reference Entity and for which the related Credit Event occurred on 
or after the Credit Event Backstop Date in respect of such Reference Entity. 
"Applicable Request" means a notice to ISDA, delivered in accordance with the Rules, 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to resolve matters 
relating to whether a Credit Event has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity or an 
Obligation thereof. 
"Applicable Resolution" means a DC Resolution in respect of an Applicable Request. 
"Credit Index" means the index specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Credit Position" means, subject to the other provisions hereof, in respect of each Reference 
Entity, its proportion of the nominal amount outstanding of the Securities, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the Reference Entity Weighting in respect of such Reference

--- Page 474 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
461 
Entity, provided that if further Securities are issued which form a single Series with the 
Securities, the Credit Position in respect of each Reference Entity will be increased pro rata to 
the aggregate nominal amount of such further Securities and if Securities are repurchased and 
cancelled, the Credit Position in respect of each Reference Entity will be reduced pro rata. 
"Cut-off Date" means, in respect of any date, the third Business Day preceding such date.  
"Deferral Notice" means, in respect of a Reference Entity and a Specified Payment Date, a 
notice delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer at any time during the Deferral Notice 
Delivery Period in respect of such Specified Payment Date, stating that: 
(i)
the Calculation Agent has determined (in its sole and absolute discretion) that an 
Applicable Request has been made after 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the Cut-off Date 
relating to such Specified Payment Date in respect of such Reference Entity or, where 
the Interest Payment Date is the Final Interest Payment Date, the Cut-Off Date in respect 
of the Credit Observation End Date; or 
(ii)
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, a Credit Event may have 
occurred in respect of such Reference Entity. 
"Deferral Notice Delivery Period" means, in respect of any date, the period from (and 
including) 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the Cut-off Date relating to such date (or, where such 
date is the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Cut-off Date relating to the Credit Observation End 
Date) to (but excluding) such date. 
"Determination Date" means, in respect of a Reference Entity that was an Affected Reference 
Entity in respect of a Specified Payment Date: 
(i)
where no Applicable Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of such 
Reference Entity, the Latest Potential Event Determination Date in respect of such 
Reference Entity, provided that at any time prior to the occurrence of an Applicable 
Event Determination Date in respect of such Reference Entity the Issuer may designate 
a day falling prior to the Latest Potential Event Determination in respect of such 
Reference Entity as the Determination Date in respect of such Reference Entity for 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (i); and 
(ii)
where an Applicable Event Determination Date has occurred, the earlier of: 
(A)
where (1) "Zero Recovery" is specified as the applicable Settlement Method, such 
Applicable Event Determination Date, or (2) "Auction Settlement" is specified as 
the applicable Settlement Method, the date (if any) on which the Final Price or 
Applicable Auction Final Price, as applicable, is determined in respect of such 
Reference Entity, provided that, in each case, such date is not also a date on which 
the DC Secretary makes a public announcement as described in subparagraph (B) 
below; and 
(B)
the date (if any) on which the DC Secretary subsequently makes a public 
announcement that an Applicable Resolution has resolved that the Credit Event 
to which such Event Determination Date relates has not occurred. 
"Effective Date" means the Roll Date in respect of the Credit Index as set out and defined in 
the Index Annex. 
"Final Interest Payment Date" means the Interest Payment Date falling on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date.  
"Index Annex" means the list for the Credit Index with the relevant Annex Date, as published 
by the Index Publisher (which can be accessed at http://www.markit.com or any successor 
website thereto or such other data provider as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms).

--- Page 475 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
462 
"Index Publisher" means the entity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or any 
replacement therefor appointed by the Index Sponsor for the purposes of officially publishing 
the Index. 
"Index Sponsor" means the entity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Interest Bearing Amount" means, in respect of a Specified Payment Date, an amount in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the product of (i) the 
Specified Denomination and (ii) 100 per cent. minus the Notional Reduction Amount in respect 
of such Specified Payment Date. 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) one Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, except that: 
(i)
the initial Interest Period will commence on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date; and 
(ii)
the final Interest Period will end on, and exclude: 
(A)
the Final Interest Payment Date; or,  
(B)
if on an Interest Payment Date, no Undetermined Reference Entities exist and the 
Notional Reduction Amount in respect of such day is 100 per cent., such Interest 
Payment Date, 
provided that, the case of (ii)(B) above, if such Interest Payment Date is the first Interest 
Payment Date, no interest shall be payable in respect of the Securities. 
"Latest Potential Event Determination Date" means, in respect of an Affected Reference 
Entity and:  
(i)
each Interest Payment Date other than the Final Interest Payment Date, the Interest 
Payment Date immediately succeeding such Interest Payment Date; and  
(ii)
the Final Interest Payment Date: 
(A)
the Extension Date in respect of such Reference Entity; or, if later  
(B)
if, in respect of such Final Interest Payment Date, a Deferral Notice has been 
delivered, the date falling 90 calendar days after the Credit Observation End Date. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the period from (and 
including) the Trade Date, to (and including) the day that is 14 calendar days after the Extension 
Date in respect of such Reference Entity. 
"Redemption Adjustment Calculation Date" means, in respect of a Reference Entity that was 
an Affected Reference Entity in respect of the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Determination Date 
in respect of such Reference Entity. 
"Reference Entity" means each of the relevant reference entities contained in the Credit Index 
and listed in the Index Annex, and any Successor to a Reference Entity either: 
(i)
if the "Type of Index" for the Credit Index is specified as "Euro Credit Index" in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
(A)
in respect of which the DC Secretary publicly announces on or following the 
earlier of the Effective Date and the Trade Date that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved, in respect of a Successor 
Resolution Request Date, a Successor in accordance with the DC Rules; or  
(B)
in the event the DC Secretary does not make such an announcement, identified 
by the Index Sponsor on or following the earlier of the Effective Date and the 
Trade Date; or

--- Page 476 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
463 
(ii)
if the "Type of Index" for the Credit Index is specified as "NA Credit Index" in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
(A)
identified by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the definition of "Successor" on 
or following the Trade Date; or 
(B)
unless already reflected in the Index Annex, identified pursuant to a DC 
Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date and publicly 
announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Effective Date of the Index, 
as set forth in the Index Annex, 
in each case, with effect from the relevant Succession Date. 
"Reference Entity Weighting" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the weighting of such 
Reference Entity for the purposes of the Credit Index as specified in the Index Annex, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reference Obligation" means, without prejudice to the definition of "Reference Obligation" 
in Credit Linked Provision 13 (Definitions), the Reference Obligation (if any) set out opposite 
the relevant Reference Entity in the Index Annex, provided that, if the Credit Index is a Euro 
Credit Index, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if there is no Standard Reference 
Obligation in respect of a Reference Entity and the Index Sponsor publishes a replacement 
Reference Obligation in respect of such a Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent will select 
such Reference Obligation as the Reference Obligation hereunder in respect of such Reference 
Entity rather than applying the provisions of the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" 
in Credit Linked Provision 13 (Definitions). 
"Revised Interest Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date and any related 
Adjustment Calculation Date, the Interest Amount that would have been payable in respect of 
such Interest Payment Date if the Notional Reduction Amount were recalculated by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of such Interest Payment Date but with the Calculation Agent 
making such calculation on the basis that in respect of each Reference Entity that was an 
Affected Reference Entity in respect of such Interest Payment Date for which a Determination 
Date has occurred on or prior to such Adjustment Calculation Date, either: 
(i)
where such Determination Date arises as a result of: 
(A)
where "Zero Recovery" is specified as the applicable Settlement Method, an 
Applicable Event Determination Date, such Reference Entity is treated as having 
been a Triggered Reference Entity on such date; or 
(B)
where "Auction Settlement" is specified as the applicable Settlement Method, an 
Applicable Auction Final Price or a Final Price (as applicable) having been 
determined in relation to a Credit Event in respect of such Reference Entity, such 
Reference Entity is treated as having been a Triggered Reference Entity on such 
date and using the Applicable Auction Final Price or the Final Price, as applicable, 
that was determined for the purposes of determining the related Triggered 
Reference Entity Losses; or 
(ii)
otherwise, such Reference Entity is treated as having been neither an Affected Reference 
Entity nor a Triggered Reference Entity. 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Revised Interest Amount based on a determination 
of it of the recalculated Notional Reduction Amount.  
"Revised Interest Bearing Amount" means, in respect of a Redemption Adjustment 
Calculation Date, the Redemption Amount that would have been payable on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date if the Notional Reduction Amount were recalculated by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of the Scheduled Maturity Date but with the Calculation Agent making such calculation 
on the basis that in respect of each Reference Entity that was an Affected Reference Entity in 
respect of the Scheduled Maturity Date for which a Determination Date has occurred on or prior 
to such Redemption Adjustment Calculation Date, either:

--- Page 477 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
464 
(i)
where such Determination Date arises as a result of: 
(A)
where "Zero Recovery" is specified as the applicable Settlement Method, an 
Applicable Event Determination Date, such Reference Entity is treated as having 
been a Triggered Reference Entity on such date; or 
(B)
where "Auction Settlement" is specified as the applicable Settlement Method, an 
Applicable Auction Final Price or a Final Price (as applicable) having been 
determined in relation to a Credit Event in respect of such Reference Entity, such 
Reference Entity is treated as having been a Triggered Reference Entity on such 
date and using the Applicable Auction Final Price or the Final Price, as applicable, 
that was determined for the purposes of determining the related Triggered 
Reference Entity Losses; or 
(ii)
otherwise, such Reference Entity is treated as having been neither an Affected Reference 
Entity nor a Triggered Reference Entity. 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Revised Interest Bearing Amount based on a 
determination by the Calculation Agent of the recalculated Notional Reduction Amount. 
"Specified Payment Date" means each Interest Payment Date (if any) and the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
"Transaction Type" means, in respect of each Reference Entity, as set out opposite the relevant 
Reference Entity in the Index Annex. 
"Triggered Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity in respect of which an Event 
Determination Date has occurred and, if "Auction Recovery" is specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method, the Applicable Auction Final Price or Final Price (as applicable) in respect 
of such Reference Entity has been determined.  
"Triggered Reference Entity Loss" means, in respect of a Triggered Reference Entity and any 
relevant day, where: 
(i)
"Zero Recovery" is specified as the applicable Settlement Method, the Reference Entity 
Weighting in respect of such Triggered Reference Entity; or 
(ii)
"Auction Recovery" is specified as the applicable Settlement Method: 
(A)
if the Applicable Auction Final Price has been determined on or prior to such day, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent as equal to the product of (a) the Reference Entity Weighting 
and (ii) 100 per cent. minus the Applicable Auction Final Price, in each case, in 
respect of such Triggered Reference Entity; or  
(B)
if no Applicable Auction Final Price has been determined on or prior to such day 
in respect of such Triggered Reference Entity but a Final Price has been 
determined on or prior to such day in respect of such Triggered Reference Entity, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent as equal to the product of (i) the Reference Entity Weighting 
and (ii) 100 per cent. minus the Final Price, in each case, in respect of such 
Triggered Reference Entity. 
"Undetermined Reference Entity" means, in respect of a day, a Reference Entity in respect of 
which: 
(i)
an Applicable Request has been made for which there has not been an Applicable 
Resolution and no Determination Date has occurred in respect thereof; or 
(ii)
where "Auction Recovery" is specified as the applicable Settlement Method, an Event 
Determination Date has occurred on or prior to that day (and such Event Determination 
Date has not been reversed or otherwise deemed not to have occurred on or prior to such

--- Page 478 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
465 
day in accordance with the Credit Linked Provisions) and no Final Price or Applicable 
Auction Final Price, as applicable, has been determined in respect of the Credit Event in 
respect of such Event Determination Date. 
5.
Method for Determining Obligations 
(a)
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Obligation, the term "Obligation" may 
be defined as each obligation of a Reference Entity described by the Obligation Category 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Standard, and having each of the Obligation 
Characteristics (if any) specified in the relevant Standard, in each case, immediately prior to the 
Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event 
Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable. 
(b)
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified as 
being applicable in the Standard, the relevant Issue Terms shall be construed as though the 
relevant Obligation Characteristic had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with 
respect to Bonds. 
6.
Method for Determining Valuation Obligations 
(a)
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Valuation Obligation, the term 
"Valuation Obligation" may be defined as each obligation of a Reference Entity described by 
the Valuation Obligation Category as being applicable in the Standard and subject to below, 
having each of the Valuation Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified as being applicable in 
the Standard, in each case, as of the Valuation Date. 
(b)
If (i) any of the Valuation Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance" or "Not 
Bearer" are specified as being applicable in the Standard, the relevant Issue Terms shall be 
construed as though such Valuation Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Valuation 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds, (ii) the Valuation Obligation 
Characteristic "Transferable" is specified as being applicable in the Standard, the relevant Issue 
Terms shall be construed as though such Valuation Obligation Characteristic had been specified 
as a Valuation Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Valuation Obligations that are not 
Loans, or (iii) any of the Valuation Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified as being applicable in the Standard, 
the relevant Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Valuation Obligation Characteristic 
had been specified as a Valuation Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans. 
(c)
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan 
Participation" are specified as Valuation Obligation Characteristics in the Standard, the 
Valuation Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Valuation Obligation 
Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Valuation Obligation Characteristics. 
(d)
If an Obligation or a Valuation Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(i)
For purposes of the application of the "Obligation Category" or the "Valuation 
Obligation Category", the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same 
category or categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(ii)
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Valuation 
Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation 
must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or Valuation Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the Standard 
from the following list: "Not Subordinated", "Specified Currency", "Not Sovereign 
Lender", "Not Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic Law"; 
(iii)
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Valuation 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or Valuation Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the Standard from the following list: "Listed", "Not 
Domestic Issuance", "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan

--- Page 479 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
466 
Participation", "Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", "Accelerated" or "Matured", and 
"Not Bearer"; and 
(iv)
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Valuation 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference 
Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(e)
For purposes of the application of the Valuation Obligation Characteristic "Maximum 
Maturity", remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Valuation 
Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Valuation 
Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(f)
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as being 
applicable in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable), if an obligation would 
otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or Valuation Obligation Characteristic, 
the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the 
determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released 
or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not 
cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or Valuation Obligation 
Characteristic. 
(g)
For purposes of determining the applicability of Valuation Obligation Characteristics and the 
requirements specified in sub-paragraphs (i) and (j) below in respect of a Prior Valuation 
Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such determination shall be made by reference 
to the terms of the relevant obligation in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit 
Event. 
(h)
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as being applicable in the Standard, if 
an obligation would otherwise satisfy the "Maximum Maturity" Valuation Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in such obligation shall not 
cause it to fail to satisfy such Valuation Obligation Characteristic. 
(i)
If, for the purpose of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Restructuring has occurred, "Mod 
R" is specified as being applicable in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable), 
and Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the 
Valuation Obligation is a Prior Valuation Obligation and Asset Package Valuation applies due 
to a Governmental Intervention, the Valuation Obligation may only be an obligation which, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (in its sole discretion) , (A) is a Fully Transferable 
Obligation and (B) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date, in each case, as of the Valuation Date. 
(j)
If, for the purpose of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Restructuring has occurred, "Mod 
Mod R" is specified as being applicable in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as 
applicable), and Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then 
unless the Valuation Obligation is a Prior Valuation Obligation and Asset Package Valuation 
applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Valuation Obligation may only be an obligation 
which, as determined by the Calculation Agent (in its sole discretion), (A) is a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation and (B) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of the Valuation Date. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, for purposes of this sub-paragraph (j), in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan 
with a final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of 
such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final 
maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
(k)
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to sub-paragraphs (i) and (j) above, the 
final maturity date shall, subject to sub-paragraph (j) above, be determined on the basis of the 
terms of the Valuation Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the 
case of a Valuation Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed 
to be the date on which such determination is made.

--- Page 480 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
467 
(l)
In selecting any Valuation Obligations hereunder, the Calculation Agent is under no obligation 
to the Holders or any other person and, provided that the obligation selected meets the criteria 
in the definition of "Valuation Obligation", is entitled, and indeed will endeavour, to select 
obligations with the lowest price of any obligations which meet such criteria, but will not be 
liable to any person if a lower price is obtained as a result of that selection than would have been 
obtained if a different selection had been made, or for any other consequence of the relevant 
selection. In making any selection, the Calculation Agent will not be liable to account to the 
Holders or any other person for any profit or other benefit to it or any of its affiliates which may 
result directly or indirectly from any such selection. 
7.
Credit Event Notice after M(M)R Restructuring 
(a)
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity (other than 
where, following the associated Event Determination Date, the Remaining Credit Position of 
such Reference Entity is greater than zero) and subject as provided in the definition of "Credit 
Event", no further Event Determination Date, Potential Failure to Pay or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium may occur with respect to such Reference Entity. 
(b)
Upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date relating only to an M(M)R Restructuring 
with respect to a Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event 
Notices with respect to a Reference Entity that has been subject to an Event Determination Date 
relating only to an M(M)R Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice that relates only to an 
M(M)R Restructuring specifying the relevant portion (as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole discretion) of the Credit Position of the Reference Entity to which such Credit Event 
Notice applies (the "Exercise Amount"). 
Where the Credit Event Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount, the entire Credit Position 
(or, as the case may be, Remaining Credit Position) will be deemed to have been specified as 
the Exercise Amount. 
(c)
Such Reference Entity shall be treated as a separate Defaulted Credit in respect of each relevant 
Exercise Amount and all provisions related to the calculation of principal and interest payable 
under the Securities shall be construed accordingly. 
(d)
Notwithstanding the provisions of these Credit Linked Provisions: 
(i)
where the Securities provide that following the occurrence of an Event Determination 
Date (and satisfaction of any conditions related thereto) the Final Redemption Amount 
shall become due, the Final Redemption Amount shall not become due following the 
occurrence of an Event Determination Date relating only to an M(M)R Restructuring 
except for in respect of any Exercise Amount(s) specified (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the payment of such Final Redemption Amount shall be deemed to be a payment 
of principal and not interest); and 
(ii)
once a Credit Event Notice relating only to an M(M)R Restructuring has been given in 
respect of a Reference Entity, any determination relating to any change or potential 
change in the amount(s) or timing(s) of interest and/or principal payable in respect of the 
Securities, in relation to any Credit Event for which any Exercise Amount has been 
specified, shall only be in respect of any relevant Exercise Amount(s) specified as of the 
relevant date of determination, and otherwise shall be in respect of the entire Remaining 
Credit Position. For any Defaulted Credit in respect of which an Exercise Amount was 
not specified as of the relevant date of determination of such Defaulted Credit, after any 
relevant Exercise Amount is specified, the Remaining Credit Position shall be reduced 
accordingly and the provisions otherwise applicable in respect of such Defaulted Credit 
shall continue to apply to the extent of any Remaining Credit Position following such 
reduction. 
(e)
As used herein, "Remaining Credit Position" means, in respect of each Reference Entity in 
respect of which M(M)R Restructuring is specified as being applicable, at any time, the initial 
Credit Position of such Reference Entity, less the aggregate of all Exercise Amounts (if any) in 
respect of such Reference Entity. For all the purposes hereof, insofar as the Remaining Credit

--- Page 481 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
468 
Position of any Reference Entity in respect of which M(M)R Restructuring is specified as being 
applicable is, at any time, greater than zero, such Reference Entity shall be treated as a non-
Defaulted Credit. 
8.
Timings and Requirements Regarding Notices 
(a)
Subject as provided in the following paragraph, the Calculation Agent will determine the day 
on which an event occurs for the purposes of these Credit Linked Provisions on the basis of the 
demarcation of days made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type 
of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone in which 
such event occurred. Any event occurring after midnight shall be deemed to have occurred 
immediately prior to midnight. 
(b)
Notwithstanding the foregoing paragraph or the definition of "Credit Event Notice", if a 
payment is not made by a Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the final 
day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have 
occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of 
the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone of its place of 
payment. 
(c)
Certain determinations made by the Calculation Agent hereunder relate to the applicability of 
certain ISDA or ISDA committee determinations, announcements, resolutions or other actions 
(each an "ISDA Determination") to the Securities. Unless otherwise expressly stated herein, 
any dates and timings hereunder that are determined on the basis of the relevant dates and 
timings of any applicable ISDA Determination shall not be affected by any delay in the 
determination by the Calculation Agent that such ISDA Determination is applicable, but shall 
be determined on the basis of the relevant dates and timings of such applicable ISDA 
Determination without regard to any such delay. Unless the context otherwise requires, any 
capitalised term that is used and defined herein that is also defined for purposes of an applicable 
ISDA Determination shall, where used in connection with such ISDA Determination, have the 
meaning given to such term for purposes of such ISDA Determination but shall also relate to 
the corresponding term as defined herein. 
(d)
Any notice or other communication given by one party to any other party must be in writing 
(including by facsimile or email) or by telephone, and will be subject to the requirements set 
forth in (e) or (f) below. 
(e)
A notice delivered on or prior to 4.00 p.m. (Calculation Agent City time) on a Calculation Agent 
City Business Day will be effective on such day. A notice delivered after 4.00 p.m. (Calculation 
Agent City time) on Calculation Agent City Business Day will be deemed effective on the next 
following Calculation Agent City Business Day, regardless of the form in which it is delivered. 
(f)
For purposes of sub-paragraph (d) above, a notice given by telephone will be deemed to have 
been delivered at the time the telephone conversation takes place. If the notice is delivered by 
telephone, a written confirmation of such notice will be executed and delivered confirming the 
substance of such notice within one Calculation Agent City Business Day of such notice. Failure 
to provide that written confirmation shall not affect the effectiveness of a notice given by 
telephone.  
9.
Merger between Reference Entity and Issuer or Guarantor (if applicable) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that at any time during the period from (and including) the 
Trade Date to (but excluding) the Credit Observation End Date: 
(a)
the Issuer or a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or 
transfers all or substantially all of its assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as applicable; or 
(b)
the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) and the Reference Entity become affiliates, 
then, in each case, the Calculation Agent may (in its sole and absolute discretion but shall not 
be obliged to) notify the Holders in accordance with General Condition 26 (Notices) that each

--- Page 482 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
469 
Security (of the Specified Denomination) shall be redeemed by the Issuer at the Early Payment 
Amount on the third Business Day following the date of such notice. 
10.
Inconsistency with determinations of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
If any determination by the Calculation Agent is overruled by a decision of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees (a "Committee Determination") within 90 calendar 
days of such Calculation Agent's determination, provided that such Committee Determination 
is made at least five Business Days before the Maturity Date, the Calculation Agent's 
determination shall be substituted by the Committee Determination on and from the date of such 
determination and the Calculation Agent shall, within a reasonable time period, make all 
necessary amendments to the terms of the Securities or undertake all necessary actions to give 
effect to the adoption of the Committee Determination. 
11.
Effect of DC Resolutions 
11.1
Settlement Suspension 
If, following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date but prior to a Valuation Date, there 
is a DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, the timing requirements contained in the 
definition of Valuation Date or any other provision of these Credit Linked Provisions or the 
General Conditions that pertains to settlement, shall toll and remain suspended until the date of 
the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal. During 
such suspension period, the Calculation Agent is not obliged to, nor is it entitled to, take any 
action in connection with the settlement of any Defaulted Credit. Once the relevant DC Credit 
Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, as applicable, has occurred, the 
relevant timing requirements of the definition of Valuation Date, or any other provision of these 
Credit Linked Provisions or the General Conditions that pertains to settlement that have 
previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on the Business Day following such public 
announcement by the DC Secretary with the Calculation Agent having the benefit of the full 
day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began in accordance with this Credit Linked 
Provision 11.1 (Settlement Suspension). 
11.2
Effect of DC Resolutions 
Any DC Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee that is 
applicable to such Defaulted Credit, including a DC Resolution that reverses a previous DC 
Resolution, shall be binding on the Issuer and the Calculation Agent: 
(a)
provided that if the effect of a DC Resolution would be to reverse (i) a prior DC 
Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, (ii) any 
determination made by the Calculation Agent that is effectively notified to the Issuer 
prior to the fifth Business Day which immediately precedes the Successor Resolution 
Request Date or a Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date, as 
applicable, or (iii) the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, that, in any case, has 
resulted in: 
(i)
the identification of one or more Successors; 
(ii)
the identification of a Substitute Reference Obligation; or 
(iii)
the occurrence of an Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date 
or the Maturity Date then such DC Resolution shall not be effective, or, in the 
case of a Valuation Date only, shall not be effective to the extent that a Valuation 
Date has occurred; and 
(b)
notwithstanding: 
(i)
that the terms of these Credit Linked Provisions, as supplemented, or any 
provisions contained in the Conditions, as applicable, may require such 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 483 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
470 
(ii)
that in order to reach such DC Resolution, the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee may be required to Resolve one or more factual 
matters before being able to reach such DC Resolution; and 
(iii)
any actual or perceived conflict of interest on the part of a DC Party, legal counsel 
or other third-party professional hired by such DC Party in connection with such 
DC Party's performance of its duties under the DC Rules. 
12.
Calculation Agent 
All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent in relation to the Securities 
shall (save in the case of manifest error at the time the relevant determination is made) be final 
and binding on the Issuer, the Agents and the Holders of the Securities. 
The Calculation Agent shall not be required to consult with any other party in relation to any 
determination or calculation made by the Calculation Agent.  
The Calculation Agent shall have no liability to any person as a result of relying on a resolution 
of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.  
The Calculation Agent shall not be liable to any person for any delay in or failure to deliver any 
notices hereunder (including, without limitation, any Credit Event Notice) or for any differences 
in the timing of any notices delivered hereunder from that under any other transactions in respect 
of which the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates perform a similar role or are counterparties 
thereto. It is explicitly acknowledged (and shall be taken into account in any determination of 
whether it has been grossly negligent) that the Calculation Agent will also be performing 
calculations and other functions with respect to transactions other than the Securities and that it 
may make the calculations required hereunder and other calculations and other functions 
required by such other transactions in such order as seems appropriate to it and shall not be 
liable for the order in which it elects to perform calculations or other functions or for any delay 
caused by electing to perform calculations and other functions for such other transactions prior 
to those required hereunder. 
The rights and obligations of the Issuer and the Holders under the Securities are irrespective of 
the existence or amount of the Issuer's or the Holders' credit exposure to a Reference Entity and 
no party need suffer any loss or provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence of a 
Credit Event. 
When determining the existence or occurrence of any Potential Failure to Pay, Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium or any Credit Event, the Calculation Agent shall make such 
determination based on the occurrence of an event whether or not the occurrence of the relevant 
event arises directly or indirectly from or is subject to a defence based upon (a) any lack of 
alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant Reference Entity to enter into any Obligation 
or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation, (b) any actual 
or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any Obligation 
or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described, (c) any applicable law, order, 
regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any change in, the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial 
body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or 
notice, however described, or (d) the imposition of or any change in any exchange controls, 
capital restrictions or any other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority. 
In respect of any Credit Index (Tranched) CLN or Credit Index (Untranched) CLN, subject 
always as provided in Credit Linked Provision 10 (Inconsistency with determinations of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee), the determination by the Calculation Agent that 
an Applicable Request has been made for the purposes of the definition of "Deferral Notice" 
shall not be construed as a determination by the Calculation Agent that such Applicable Request 
has definitively occurred and/or the a Credit Resolution Request Date will occur, that any 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened in respect of such 
Applicable Request or, that if any relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has

--- Page 484 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
471 
been convened, that such Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will so determine that 
a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred. 
13.
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Securities 
to which the Credit Linked Provisions apply: 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, under common control with the person. 
For this purpose, "control" of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of the entity or person.  
"Asset" means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" 
or other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, 
incurred, paid or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was 
realised or capable of being realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no 
longer exists). 
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the 
methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event (which may include the Prior Valuation Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a 
choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the 
Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to 
be zero. 
"Asset Package Credit Event" means: 
(a)
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable): 
(i)
a Governmental Intervention; or 
(ii)
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is 
specified as applicable in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable) 
and such Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b)
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in 
the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable), a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
"Asset Package Valuation" will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (a) such 
Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Observation Start Date determined in 
respect of the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event 
Announcement applicable to the Event Determination Date, or (b) if the Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit 
Event. 
Notwithstanding the above, it shall be deemed that no Package Observable Bond exists with 
respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign and where the "2014 Sovereign No Asset 
Package Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions" is specified as 
applicable in respect of such Reference Entity in the Standard (even if such a Package 
Observable Bond has been published by ISDA) and accordingly, Asset Package Valuation shall 
not apply thereto.

--- Page 485 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
472 
"Auction" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Cancellation Date" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Auction Covered Transaction" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Final Price" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity, the 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, as soon as practicable after the publication of the 
Auction Final Price in respect of an Auction with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring, of the 
related Auction Final Price after determining the same. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction 
Auction Settlement. 
"Bankruptcy" means a Reference Entity: (a) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger), (b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or 
fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its 
inability generally to pay its debts as they become due, (c) makes a general assignment, 
arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, or such a 
general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective, (d) institutes or 
has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such 
proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results 
in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an 
order for its winding-up or liquidation, or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
in each case within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof, (e) has a 
resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger), (f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or 
for all or substantially all its assets, (g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially 
all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, 
enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within thirty calendar days thereafter, or (h) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it 
which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events 
specified in (a) to (g) (inclusive). 
"Calculation Agent City" means the city specified as such in the Standard or, if a city is not so 
specified, the city in which the office through which the Calculation Agent is acting for the 
purposes of the Securities is located. 
"Calculation Agent City Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the Calculation Agent City. 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Valuation Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any 
Valuation Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of the Valuation Date, provided, 
however, that a Valuation Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a 
Valuation Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the Reference 
Entity is guaranteeing such Valuation Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, 
assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Valuation Obligation provide that such 
consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of 
novation, assignment or transfer of a Valuation Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Valuation Obligation shall not be

--- Page 486 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
473 
considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation. 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a Valuation 
Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Valuation 
Obligation. 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means any Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms published by ISDA, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from 
time to time. 
"Credit Derivatives Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as 
published by ISDA.  
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" means, with respect to a Reference Entity 
or an Obligation thereof, each committee established pursuant to the DC Rules for purposes of 
reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit derivative transactions referencing 
such Reference Entity. For more information about the operation of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees, see "Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees" in Annex A 
hereto. 
"Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix" means the "Credit Derivatives Physical 
Settlement Matrix", as most recently amended and supplemented as at the Trade Date and as 
published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto), provided 
that the following amendments shall be deemed to have been made for the purposes of the 
Standard with respect to a Reference Entity: 
(a)
all rows shall be deemed deleted save for those named: Transaction Type; Business Day; 
Calculation Agent City; All Guarantees; Credit Events; Obligation Category; Obligation 
Characteristics; 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category; 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics; Financial Reference Entity Terms; Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms; 2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014), Additional Provisions for the Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004); Hungary Additional Provisions; Additional Provisions for 
the Argentine Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations 
(December 21, 2005); LPN Additional Provisions; Additional Provisions for 
STMicroelectronics NV (December 6, 2007); and Additional Provisions for the Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012); 
(b)
following such deemed deletion, all references to Deliverable Obligation Category shall 
instead be deemed to be to Valuation Obligation Category and all references to 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall instead be deemed to be to Valuation 
Obligation Characteristics; 
(c)
the Calculation Agent can deem such amendments to be made to the Credit Derivatives 
Physical Settlement Matrix and/or to any additional provisions or supplements referred 
to in paragraph (a) above as it determines necessary in order that the terminology and 
defined terms used therein correspond with those used in these Credit Linked Provisions; 
(d)
all references to Business Day shall be deemed to be to Valuation Business Day, as the 
context so requires, provided that, where the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement 
Matrix specifies a definition of Business Day, any locations therein not included in the 
definition of Valuation Business Day shall be added to the definition of Valuation 
Business Day as additional locations and the definition of Business Day shall not be 
affected; and 
(e)
references to the relevant Confirmation shall be construed as references to the relevant 
Issue Terms in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 487 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
474 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the relevant Issue Terms and the Credit Derivatives 
Physical Settlement Matrix, the "Fallback Settlement Method" will be Cash Settlement, as 
described in these Credit Linked Provisions. 
Material terms and conditions of the Securities can only be ascertained by reviewing the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix, together with the terms set for 
these Credit Linked Provisions. Prospective investors and Holders are strongly advised to 
obtain a copy of the relevant Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix and to review 
the applicable provisions thereof specified in such Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement 
Matrix as such provisions relate to the Reference Entity of a particular Transaction Type. 
A copy of the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix with respect to the Securities 
is available at http://www.isda.org.  
For the purposes of determining whether a Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction would 
be an Auction Covered Transaction, the Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction shall not be 
considered: (a) to be a transaction linked to any index or to a portfolio of entities, (b) to provide 
for a fixed recovery or final settlement amount, and (c) to provide that the Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms would not apply. 
In determining whether a Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction would be an Auction 
Covered Transaction, the Calculation Agent may (in its sole discretion) interpret the above 
provisions and resolve any ambiguity, having regard to market practice and interpretation. 
"Credit Event" means the occurrence in respect of any Reference Entity or any Obligation of 
any Reference Entity of any of the events specified as being Credit Events applicable to such 
Reference Entity in, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Non-Standard Credit Events" (a) to be 
not applicable, the Standard, or (b) to be applicable, the relevant Issue Terms. If an occurrence 
would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit Event 
whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based 
upon: 
(a)
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying 
Obligation; 
(b)
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect 
to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described;  
(c)
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; 
or  
(d)
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however 
described. 
Once an Event Determination Date has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity, no further 
Event Determination Date, Potential Failure to Pay or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may 
occur with respect to such Reference Entity except: 
(i)
to the extent that such Reference Entity is the Successor to one or more other 
Reference Entities (or Successor thereof) in respect of which no Event 
Determination Date has previously occurred; 
(ii)
in the case of a Reference Entity in respect of which an M(M)R Restructuring is 
specified in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable) and in respect 
of which an Event Determination Date relating only to an M(M)R Restructuring 
has occurred, to the extent of its Remaining Credit Position; and

--- Page 488 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
475 
(iii)
to the extent, if any, that additional credit protection on such Reference Entity is 
subsequently obtained as may be permitted in accordance with the terms of the 
Securities. 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means, with respect to a Reference Entity or an Obligation 
thereof: 
(a)
for purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or with respect to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of Repudiation/Moratorium), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 
sixty calendar days prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, or 
(b)
otherwise, the date that is sixty calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i)
the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice 
Delivery Period; and  
(ii)
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs 
during the Post Dismissal Additional Period.  
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Credit Event Notice" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, an irrevocable notice from 
the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that describes a Credit Event that occurred on or after the 
Credit Observation Start Date and on or prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Credit Observation 
End Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period 
Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring must 
be in respect of the full Credit Position. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity has occurred. The 
Calculation Agent shall only deliver a Credit Event Notice where it determines that Publicly 
Available Information exists confirming the existence or occurrence of the relevant Credit Event 
and such Credit Event Notice shall contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the 
relevant Publicly Available Information. The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, 
the date as publicly announced by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was 
effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in 
possession of Publicly Available Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
"Credit Observation End Date" means the Scheduled Maturity Date or such other date as may 
be specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Credit Observation Period" means the period from and including the Credit Observation Start 
Date to and including the Extension Date. 
"Credit Observation Start Date" means the Credit Event Backstop Date, the Trade Date or 
any other date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Credit Position" means, subject to the other provisions hereof, in respect of each Reference 
Entity, the nominal amount outstanding of the Securities, provided that if further Securities are 
issued which form a single Series with the Securities, the Credit Position in respect of each 
Reference Entity will be increased pro rata to the aggregate nominal amount of such further

--- Page 489 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
476 
Securities and if Securities are repurchased and cancelled, the Credit Position in respect of each 
Reference Entity will be reduced pro rata. 
"DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or 
the date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable. 
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event, which would constitute a Credit Event, has occurred on 
or after the Credit Observation Start Date and on or prior to the Extension Date, provided that 
if the Credit Event occurred after the Credit Observation End Date, the DC Credit Event 
Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period 
Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
will be convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question" means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event, which would 
constitute a Credit Event for the purposes of the Hypothetical Untriggered Credit Derivative 
Transaction has occurred. 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does 
not constitute a Credit Event in respect of such Reference Entity (or Obligation thereof). 
"DC Party" as used (a) herein shall mean, and (b) in the DC Rules shall be deemed to mean, 
the Issuer or any Affiliate thereof. 
"DC Resolution" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"DC Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by 
the DC Secretary on behalf of ISDA on its website at www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org
(or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in 
accordance with the terms thereof. 
"DC Secretary" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"Dealer" means, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, dealers which are 
either (a) dealers in obligations of the type of obligations for which quotations are to be obtained 
(which may include any such dealer which is an Affiliate of the Calculation Agent) or (b) named 
in the relevant Issue Terms, including the respective successors of such named dealers. 
"Default Requirement" means the amount specified as being applicable to the Reference Entity 
in the Standard, or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is 
specified, U.S.$ 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, 
as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
"Defaulted Credit" means, on any day, each Reference Entity in respect of which an Event 
Determination Date has occurred (save for where a Reference Entity is a Reference Entity in 
respect of which an Event Determination Date relating only to an M(M)R Restructuring has 
occurred, in which case that Reference Entity shall, in relation to the Remaining Credit Position, 
be treated as a non-Defaulted Credit).

--- Page 490 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
477 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Standard and any successor 
currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor 
currency of (a) the Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction 
in which the Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). 
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) a Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is 
a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference 
Entity is not a Sovereign. 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than fifty per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by 
a Reference Entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity 
under the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise 
(excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar 
amounts) less all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation 
(a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the 
effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than 
by way of (a) payment or (b) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance 
with the terms of the obligation in effect on the Valuation Date. 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made 
public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
"Eligible Transferee" means: 
(a)
any: 
(i)
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii)
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii)
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an 
entity described in sub-paragraph (c)(i) below); and 
(iv)
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least U.S.$ 
500,000,000; 
(b)
an Affiliate of an entity specified in sub-paragraph (a) above; 
(c)
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i)
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer 
of collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special 
purpose vehicle) that (I) has total assets of at least U.S.$ 100,000,000 or (II) is 
one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or management 
having, in aggregate, total assets of at least U.S.$ 100,000,000; 
(ii)
that has total assets of at least U.S.$ 500,000,000; or

--- Page 491 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
478 
(iii)
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support or 
other agreement by an entity described in sub-paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d); or 
(d)
(i) 
any Sovereign; or 
(ii)
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two 
or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International 
Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction 
and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition to USD include equivalent amounts in other currencies, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Event Determination Date" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Credit Event with 
respect to which: 
(a)
"Auction Settlement" or "Zero Recovery" is the applicable Settlement Method: 
(i)
subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice 
Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post 
Dismissal Additional Period, provided that neither (A) a DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred nor (B) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit 
Event Notice;  
(ii)
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (i) above, the Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) and either: 
(A)
(I) 
the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage 
Cut-off Date; or 
(B)
(I) 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer and is effective during (1) the Notice Delivery Period and (2) 
on or prior to the Exercise Cut-off Date, 
provided that, in respect of sub-paragraph (ii) above: 
(x) 
no Maturity Date has occurred on or prior to the date on which the 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(y) 
if any Valuation Date has occurred on or prior to the date on which 
the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, an Event 
Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only with 
respect to any Credit Position (or the portion thereof) with respect 
to which no Valuation Date has occurred; and 
(z) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the 
only Credit Event has previously been delivered by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer, (aa) unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified 
in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the DC Credit 
Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, (bb) unless, and to the extent that, the 
Exercise Amount specified in such Credit Event Notice was less 
than the then outstanding Remaining Credit Position or (cc) unless 
the Hypothetical Credit Transaction would be an Auction Covered

--- Page 492 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
479 
Transaction and the Deliverable Obligations set out in the Final List 
would be identical to the Permissible Deliverable Obligations for 
such Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction; or 
(b)
sub-paragraph (a) above does not apply, the Non-Standard Event Determination Date.  
Subject to Credit Linked Provision 11.2 (Effect of DC Resolutions), no Event Determination 
Date will occur with respect to an event, and any Event Determination Date previously 
determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have occurred, if, or to the extent 
that, prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date a Valuation Date or the Maturity Date, 
as applicable, a DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs with respect to such event. 
If, in accordance with the provisions above, (a) following the determination of an Event 
Determination Date, such Event Determination Date is deemed (i) to have occurred on a date 
that is different from the date that was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date 
or (ii) not to have occurred or (b) an Event Determination Date is deemed to have occurred prior 
to a preceding Interest Payment Date, if any, the Calculation Agent will determine (A) such 
adjustment(s) to these Credit Linked Provisions (including any adjustment to payment amounts) 
as may be required to achieve as far as practicable the same economic position of Holders of 
the Securities as would have prevailed had an Event Determination Date not occurred on such 
deemed date of occurrence and (B) the effective date of such adjustment(s), including any 
reductions to the Final Redemption Amount necessary to reflect the fact that an Event 
Determination Date may have occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, if any. 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" means that the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation 
Obligation shall not include accrued but unpaid interest. 
"Excluded Obligation" means, with respect to a Reference Entity: 
(a)
any obligation of such Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
(b)
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable with respect to the 
relevant Reference Entity in the Standard and the associated Credit Position is a Senior 
Credit Position, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention 
or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c)
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable with respect to the 
relevant Reference Entity in the applicable Standard and the associated Credit Position 
is a Subordinated Credit Position, then for purposes of determining whether a 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated 
Obligation. 
"Excluded Valuation Obligation" means, with respect to a Reference Entity: 
(a)
any obligation of such Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
(b)
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest 
components have been stripped; and 
(c)
if Asset Package Valuation is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after 
the date of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Exercise Cut-off Date" means either: 
(a)
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and a Reference Entity to which the definition 
of Event Determination Date applies: 
(i)
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five

--- Page 493 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
480 
Relevant City Business Days, in each case, following the date on which such Final 
List is published; or 
(ii)
otherwise, the date that is fourteen calendar days following the relevant No 
Auction Announcement Date; or 
(b)
with respect to a Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity to which the definition 
of Event Determination Date does not apply, the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date; 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves. 
"Extension Date" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, the latest of: 
(a)
the Credit Observation End Date; 
(b)
the Grace Period Extension Date if: 
(i)
"Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are specified as applicable to that 
Reference Entity in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable); 
(ii)
the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs on 
or prior to the Credit Observation End Date; and  
(c)
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is 
specified as applicable to that Reference Entity in the Standard or the relevant Issue 
Terms (as applicable). 
"Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure 
by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with 
the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. If an occurrence that would constitute 
a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time 
of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay 
unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, 
principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely available market rate 
of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
"Fallback Settlement Method" means, if Auction Settlement is specified as the Settlement 
Method in the relevant Issue Terms, Cash Settlement. 
"Final List" has the meaning given to such term in the DC Rules. 
"Final Price" means the price of the Valuation Obligation in respect of the Valuation Date, 
expressed as a percentage of its (a) Outstanding Principal Balance (in the case of a Valuation 
Obligation that is Borrowed Money) or (b) Due and Payable Amount (in the case of a Valuation 
Obligation that is not Borrowed Money), determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the Valuation Method. 
For such purpose, the relevant Valuation Obligation shall be a Valuation Obligation selected by 
the Calculation Agent (in its sole discretion) on or before the relevant Valuation Date. 
If Asset Package Valuation applies: 
(a)
selection of a Prior Valuation Obligation or a Package Observable Bond may be 
substituted with the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as 
having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, as the Prior Valuation Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it 
corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event;

--- Page 494 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
481 
(b)
the Calculation Agent may substitute the Prior Valuation Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in part for each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion; 
and  
(c)
if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the 
Asset shall be deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Asset Package is deemed to be zero, the Final Price shall be 
zero. 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the 
liability of a Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying 
Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a 
formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or 
other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be 
variable inputs). 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each firm quotation 
obtained from a Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an 
amount of the Valuation Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount equal to the Quotation Amount. 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Valuation Obligation that is either Transferable, in 
the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without 
the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Valuation Obligation other than 
Bonds, in each case, as of the Valuation Date. Any requirement that notification of novation, 
assignment or transfer of a Valuation Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Valuation Obligation shall not be 
considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of Fully Transferable 
Obligation. 
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated 
thereto. 
"Governmental Authority" means: 
(a)
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof); 
(b)
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or 
supranational body; 
(c)
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets 
(including a central bank) of the Reference Entity or some or of all of its obligations; or 
(d)
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in sub-paragraphs 
(a) to (c) above. 
"Governmental Intervention" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in 
relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of 
the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a 
Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or 
regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Reference 
Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for 
under the terms of such Obligation: 
(a)
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i)
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination);

--- Page 495 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
482 
(ii)
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(iii)
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv)
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b)
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder 
of the Obligation; 
(c)
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d)
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs 
(a) to (c) above. 
For purposes of this definition of Governmental Intervention, the term Obligation shall be 
deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider 
of a Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a)
subject to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to 
payments under and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the 
date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b)
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable with respect to a Reference Entity 
in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable), then with respect to such a 
Reference Entity in respect of which a Potential Failure to Pay applies, a Potential Failure 
to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date and the applicable 
grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date, 
the Grace Period will be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and, the period 
specified in the Standard or, if no such period is specified, thirty calendar days;  
(c)
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with 
respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace 
Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period 
of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; 
provided that, unless the Reference Entity is one in respect of which "Grace Period 
Extension" is specified as applicable in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as 
applicable) and Potential Failure to pay applies, such deemed Grace Period shall expire 
no later than the Credit Observation End Date; and 
(d)
if the terms of the relevant Obligation are not publicly available such that the length of 
any grace period, conditions precedent to the commencement of any such grace period 
or whether any such conditions are satisfied cannot be established, it shall be deemed 
that the Grace Period is a period of thirty calendar days from the due date for payment 
and all conditions precedent to the commencement thereof were satisfied on such due 
date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified 
for that purpose in the relevant Obligation or, if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the 
Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET2 Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the 
principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, if (a) "Grace Period 
Extension" is specified as applicable to that Reference Entity in the Standard or the relevant 
Issue Terms (as applicable) and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Credit 
Observation End Date, the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of

--- Page 496 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
483 
such Potential Failure to Pay. If "Grace Period Extension" is not specified as applicable to that 
Reference Entity in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable), Grace Period 
Extension shall not apply to the Securities.  
If (i) Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable with respect to a Reference Entity, (ii) a 
Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date and (iii) a 
Potential Failure to Pay results in a Credit Event after the Credit Observation End Date, but on 
or prior to the Extension Date, the Maturity Date will be the third Business Day following the 
Valuation Date with respect to a Reference Entity. 
"Guarantee" means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
"Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction" means, in relation to a Credit Event, a 
transaction that incorporates the Credit Derivatives Definitions and in respect of which: 
(a)
the "Reference Entity" (as such term is used in the Credit Derivatives Definitions) is 
deemed to be the entity that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event; 
(b)
the "Scheduled Termination Date" (as such term is used in the Credit Derivatives 
Definitions) is deemed to be the same as the Credit Observation End Date in respect of 
the Securities; 
(c)
an "Event Determination Date" (as such term is used in the Credit Derivatives 
Definitions) in relation to the relevant Credit Event is deemed to have occurred on the 
same date as the Event Determination Date applicable in respect of the Securities; 
(d)
the "Deliverable Obligation Category" (as such term is used in the Credit Derivatives 
Definitions) is the same as the Valuation Obligation Category relating to such Reference 
Entity with respect to the Securities; 
(e)
the "Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" (as such term is used in the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions) are the same as the Valuation Obligation Characteristics relating 
to such Reference Entity with respect to the Securities; and 
(f)
the provisions contained in the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix applicable 
to the "Transaction Type" specified in the Issue Terms in relation to the relevant 
Reference Entity are deemed applicable, 
and the term "Credit Derivatives Transaction" as used in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms shall be deemed to refer to the relevant Hypothetical Credit 
Derivative Transaction. 
For purposes of ascertaining whether the Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction would be 
an Auction Covered Transaction, the Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction shall not be 
considered: (a) to be a transaction linked to any index or to a portfolio of entities, (b) to provide 
for a fixed recovery of final settlement amount, and (c) to provide that the Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms would not apply.  
In determining whether a Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction would be an Auction 
Covered Transaction, the Calculation Agent may (in its sole discretion) interpret the above 
provisions and resolve any ambiguity, having regard to market practice and interpretation.  
"Hypothetical Untriggered Credit Derivative Transaction" means, in respect of a Reference 
Entity, a transaction that incorporates the Credit Derivatives Definitions and in respect of which: 
(a)
the "Reference Entity" (as such term is used in the Credit Derivatives Definitions) is 
deemed to be such Reference Entity; 
(b)
the "Scheduled Termination Date" (as such term is used in the Credit Derivatives 
Definitions) is deemed to be the same as the Credit Observation End Date in respect of 
the Securities;

--- Page 497 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
484 
(c)
the "Trade Date" (as such term is used in the Credit Derivatives Definitions) is deemed 
to be the same as the Trade Date for such Reference Entity; 
(d)
the "Deliverable Obligation Category" (as such term is used in the Credit Derivatives 
Definitions) is the same as the Valuation Obligation Category relating to such Reference 
Entity with respect to the Securities; 
(e)
the "Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" (as such term is used in the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions) are the same as the Valuation Obligation Characteristics relating 
to such Reference Entity with respect to the Securities; and 
(f)
the provisions contained in the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix applicable 
to the "Transaction Type" specified in the Issue Terms in relation to the relevant 
Reference Entity are deemed applicable. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
"Largest Asset Package" means, in respect of a Prior Valuation Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of 
principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be 
determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets with the highest 
immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Limitation Date" means the first of March 20, June 20, September 20 or December 20 in any 
year to occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years 
after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the "2.5-year Limitation Date"), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 
years (the "10-year Limitation Date"), 12.5 years, 15 years, or 20 years, as applicable. 
Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod 
R" or "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as 
applicable). 
"Market Value" means, with respect to the Valuation Obligation and a Valuation Date: 
(a)
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, 
if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then 
one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(b)
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained on the same Valuation Business Day in 
accordance with the definition of Quotation, the Full Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(c)
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained on the same Valuation Business Day in 
accordance with the definition of Quotation, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; 
(d)
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and a Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained on the same Valuation Business Day in accordance with the definition of 
Quotation, such Weighted Average Quotation; 
(e)
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained on the same Valuation Business Day in accordance with the definition of 
Quotation, the Market Value shall be determined as provided in sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of Quotation. 
"Maturity Date" " means, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Loss at Maturity" to be:

--- Page 498 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
485 
(a)
not applicable, subject to Credit Linked Provision 1.5(c) (Maturity Date Extension), the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention, provided that: 
(i)
if an Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date and: 
(A)
Failure to Pay and Grace Period Extension are specified as applicable to 
the relevant Reference Entity in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms 
(as applicable), and a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to 
one or more Obligation(s) in respect of which a Grace Period is applicable 
on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (and such Grace Period(s) is/are 
continuing as at the Scheduled Maturity Date), the Maturity Date will, 
subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below, be the third Business Day following 
the Grace Period Extension Date; or 
(B)
Repudiation/Moratorium is specified as applicable to the relevant 
Reference Entity in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as 
applicable), and the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has 
been satisfied on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, or if sub-
paragraph (ii) of Credit Linked Provision 1.5(c) (Maturity Date Extension) 
applies, the Postponed Maturity Date and the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date in respect of the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium will, 
in the sole determination of the Calculation Agent, fall after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or the Postponed Maturity Date (as applicable), then the 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Holders in accordance with General 
Condition 26 (Notices) that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has 
occurred and the Maturity Date will, subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below, 
be the third Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date; and 
(ii)
if an Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the latest to occur of: 
(A)
the Scheduled Maturity Date;  
(B)
the Grace Period Extension Date, if (1) Failure to Pay and Grace Period 
Extension are specified as applicable to the relevant Reference Entity in 
the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable) and (2) a Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to one or more Obligation(s) in 
respect of which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (and such Grace Period(s) is/are continuing as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date);  
(C)
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any), if (1) 
Repudiation/Moratorium is specified as applicable to the relevant 
Reference Entity in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as 
applicable) and (2) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has 
been satisfied on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, or if sub-
paragraph (ii) of Credit Linked Provision 1.5(c) (Maturity Date Extension) 
applies, the Postponed Maturity Date; or  
(D)
if Credit Linked Provision 1.5(c) (Maturity Date Extension) applies, the 
Postponed Maturity Date,  
the Maturity Date will be: 
(A)
if applicable in accordance with Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction 
Settlement), the Specified Number of Business Days following the 
Auction Final Price Determination Date;

--- Page 499 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
486 
(B)
if applicable in accordance with Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction 
Settlement) or 1.3 (Cash Settlement), the Specified Number of Business 
Days following determination of the Final Price; or 
(C)
if Credit Linked Provision 1.4 (Zero Recovery) applies, such Event 
Determination Date, 
in each case, subject where applicable to Credit Linked Provision 7 (Credit Event 
Notice after M(M)R Restructuring) and the definition of "Successor" in Credit 
Linked Provision 13 (Definitions); or 
(b)
applicable, the later of: 
(i)
subject to Credit Linked Provision 1.5 (Potential Postponement of the Maturity 
Date), the Scheduled Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention; and 
(ii)
if an Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the latest to occur of: 
(A)
the Scheduled Maturity Date;  
(B)
the Grace Period Extension Date, if (1) Failure to Pay and Grace Period 
Extension are specified as applicable to the relevant Reference Entity in 
the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable) and (2) a Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to one or more Obligation(s) in 
respect of which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (and such Grace Period(s) is/are continuing as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date);  
(C)
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any), if (1) 
Repudiation/Moratorium is specified as applicable to the relevant 
Reference Entity in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as 
applicable) and (2) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has 
been satisfied on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, or if sub-
paragraph (ii) of Credit Linked Provision 1.5(c) (Maturity Date Extension) 
applies, the Postponed Maturity Date; or  
(D)
if Credit Linked Provision 1.5(c) (Maturity Date Extension) applies, the 
Postponed Maturity Date,  
and either: 
(A)
if applicable in accordance with Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction 
Settlement), the Specified Number of Business Days following the 
Auction Final Price Determination Date; 
(B)
if applicable in accordance with Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction 
Settlement) or 1.3 (Cash Settlement), the Specified Number of Business 
Days following determination of the Final Price; or 
(C)
if Credit Linked Provision 1.4 (Zero Recovery) applies, such Event 
Determination Date, 
in each case, subject where applicable to Credit Linked Provision 7 (Credit Event 
Notice after M(M)R Restructuring) and the definition of "Successor" in Credit 
Linked Provision 13 (Definitions) (such date, the "Later Maturity Date"), will 
fall after the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Postponed Maturity Date (if 
applicable),  such Later Maturity Date. 
"Maximum Quotation Amount" means (a) where the Credit Position is not specified to be a 
percentage, the Credit Position of the relevant Reference Entity, save that in the case of a 
Reference Entity in respect of which an Event Determination Date relating only to an M(M)R

--- Page 500 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
487 
Restructuring has occurred, the Maximum Quotation Amount shall be equal to the relevant 
Exercise Amount and (b) where the Credit Position is specified to be a percentage, the amount 
specified in the Issue Terms or, if no such amount is specified in the Issue Terms, U.S.$ 
100,000,000, save that in the case of a Reference Entity in respect of which an Event 
Determination Date relating only to an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred, the Maximum 
Quotation Amount shall be equal to the amount determined in accordance with the foregoing 
multiplied by the quotient of the relevant Exercise Amount (as numerator) and the Credit 
Position (as denominator). 
"Minimum Quotation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, 
U.S.$ 1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency)). 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, 
securities and other financial assets. 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Valuation 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Observation 
End Date. Subject to the foregoing, if the Credit Observation End Date is later than the 10-year 
Limitation Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Credit 
Observation End Date. 
"Movement Option" means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring to which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraphs (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of 
No Auction Announcement Date, the option of the Calculation Agent, exercisable by delivery 
of an effective Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the Issuer, to apply the Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms, if any, for purposes of which the Permissible Deliverable Obligations are 
more limited than the "Deliverable Obligations" that the "Buyer" in respect of a Hypothetical 
Credit Derivative Transaction could specify in any "Notice of Physical Settlement" under such 
Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction (where the foregoing terms, which appear in quotes, 
have the meanings given to them in such Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction) (provided 
that if more than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such Permissible Deliverable 
Obligations shall apply). 
If the Calculation Agent does not deliver an effective Notice to Exercise Movement Option on 
or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, such Credit Event will be subject to the Fallback 
Settlement Method. 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day 
following the Exercise Cut-off Date, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved. 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that (a) at the time of the event which 
constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates 
of each other and (b) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the 
terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and-
two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event 
provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in (b). 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Credit 
Event, the date on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that (a) no Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be 
published, (b) following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference 
Entity, no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published, or (c) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that no Auction will be held following a prior public announcement 
by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances where either (i) no Parallel Auction will 
be held, or (ii) one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. For the avoidance of doubt, the No 
Auction Announcement Date shall be the date of the relevant announcement by the DC

--- Page 501 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
488 
Secretary and not the date of any related determination by the Calculation Agent that such 
announcement relates to Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms or an Auction. 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a 
Conforming Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an obligation which would be a 
Valuation Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Valuation Obligation on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which 
resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on 
the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as 
applicable). 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or 
suitable for being traded in, financial markets. 
"Non-Standard Event Determination Date" means with respect to a Reference Entity and a 
Credit Event: 
(a)
subject to sub-paragraph (b) below, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date 
occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, 
provided that neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (ii) a DC 
No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit 
Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b)
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (a) above, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the 
last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) either: 
(i)
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A)
(I) 
"Auction Settlement" or "Zero Recovery" is not the applicable 
Settlement Method; 
(II) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(III) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC Credit Event 
Announcement; or 
(B)
(I) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer and is effective on or prior to the Non-Standard Exercise 
Cut-off Date, or 
(ii)
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer and is effective during either the Notice Delivery Period or the period 
from and including the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement to and 
including the date that is fourteen calendar days thereafter (provided, in each case, 
that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the 
end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade 
Date)), if: 
(A)
"Auction Settlement" or "Zero Recovery" is not the applicable Settlement 
Method; 
(B)
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(C)
the Trade Date occurs following the date of the related DC Credit Event 
Announcement and on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off 
Date,

--- Page 502 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
489 
provided that in respect of sub-paragraph (ii) above: 
(I)
no Maturity Date has occurred on or prior to the date on which the 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(II)
if any Valuation Date has occurred on or prior to the date on which 
the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcements occurs, a Non-
Standard Event Determination Date shall be deemed to have 
occurred only with respect to any Credit Position (or portion 
thereof) with respect to which no Valuation Date has occurred; and 
(III)
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the 
only Credit Event has previously been delivered by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer, (1) unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified 
in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the DC Credit 
Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, (2) unless, and to the extent that, the 
Exercise Amount specified in any such Credit Event Notice was 
less than the then outstanding Remaining Credit Position; or (3) 
unless the Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction would be an 
Auction Covered Transaction and the Deliverable Obligations set 
out on the Final List would be identical to the Permissible 
Deliverable Obligations actions for such Hypothetical Credit 
Derivative Transaction. 
"Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event and a Reference 
Entity to which the definition of "Event Determination Date" does not apply: 
(a)
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i)
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date, if any; 
(ii)
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(iii)
the date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement 
Date, if any, as applicable; or 
(b)
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
(i)
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five 
Relevant City Business Days, in each case, following the date on which such Final 
List is published; or 
(ii)
otherwise, the date that is fourteen calendar days following the relevant No 
Auction Announcement Date. 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute 
Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
"Notice Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, the first date on which an 
effective Credit Event Notice has been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, the period from and 
including the Trade Date to and including (i) the Extension Date or (ii) the Postponed Maturity 
Date (if applicable).

--- Page 503 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
490 
"Notice to Exercise Movement Option" means, with respect to a Reference Entity for which 
(a) an M(M)R Restructuring is applicable and (b) the Fallback Settlement Method would 
otherwise be applicable pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction 
Settlement), an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that (i) specifies the 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms applicable with respect to such Reference Entity in 
accordance with the definition of Movement Option and (ii) is effective on or prior to the 
Movement Option Cut-off Date. A Notice to Exercise Movement Option shall be subject to the 
requirement regarding notices set forth in Credit Linked Provision 8 (Timings and Requirements 
Regarding Notices). 
"Obligation" means: 
(a)
each obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the method described in Credit Linked Provision 5 
(Method for Determining Obligations); and 
(b)
each Reference Obligation, 
in each case, unless specified in the relevant Issue Terms as an Excluded Obligation. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of a Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Obligation Category" means, in respect of a Reference Entity and an Obligation thereof, 
Payment, Borrowed Money, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified 
in the Standard, and: 
(a)
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) 
for the payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money; 
(b)
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving 
credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of 
principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, 
without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings 
pursuant to letters of credit); 
(c)
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered 
pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include 
any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(d)
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or 
other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
and 
(e)
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
"Obligation Characteristics" means, in respect of a Reference Entity and an Obligation 
thereof, any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not 
Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance, and: 
(a)
(i) 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (A) the 
Reference Obligation or (B) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable; 
(ii)
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the "Second Obligation") 
and another obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being 
compared (the "First Obligation"), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement 
providing that (A) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding-up

--- Page 504 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
491 
of such Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required 
to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation, or (B) 
the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain 
principal payments in respect of their claims against such Reference Entity at any 
time that such Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default 
under the First Obligation. "Subordinated" will be construed accordingly. For 
purposes of determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is 
Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it is being compared, (I) 
the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, 
credit support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be 
taken into account, except that notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising 
by operation of law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign and (II) in the case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined 
as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the 
Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference 
Obligation and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then the priority 
of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall 
not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date; and 
(iii)
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in circumstances where there is no 
Reference Obligation is applicable to a Reference Entity, (A) the Reference 
Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, (B) the 
obligation specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Reference Obligation, if 
any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and 
otherwise, (C) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference 
Entity; 
(b)
"Specified Currency" means, for the purposes of these Credit Linked Provisions only, 
an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms (or, if "Specified Currency" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and no 
currency is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the euro is a 
Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that was 
previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such 
redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a 
Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction 
of such Governmental Authority; 
(c)
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (i) a 
Sovereign or (ii) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement 
between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally referred to 
as "Paris Club debt"; 
(d)
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any currency other 
than the applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency 
shall not constitute a Domestic Currency; 
(e)
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable 
Domestic Law, provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York 
shall not constitute a Domestic Law; 
(f)
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on 
an exchange; and 
(g)
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued 
(or reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the 
domestic market of the Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result

--- Page 505 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
492 
of some other action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the 
domestic market of the Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also 
registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of the Reference Entity) shall 
be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered 
for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference Entity. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is 
denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they 
would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of 
a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a 
failure to make any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more 
Obligations. 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of a Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation in the relevant Issue Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is 
not an obligation of such Non-Standard Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a 
valid Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation (other than for the purposes of determining 
the Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not 
Subordinated" Valuation Obligation Characteristic). 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(a)
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, subject as provided below, the Reference Entity's 
accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will 
be the lower of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid 
interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to 
the Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of 
the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(b)
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of 
the obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be reduced 
as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or 
circumstance (other than by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the 
amount determined in sub-paragraph (a) less any amounts subtracted in accordance with 
this sub-paragraph (b), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and 
(c)
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, in each case, determined: 
(i)
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect 
on the Valuation Date; and 
(ii)
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable 
laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the 
original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
Where Cash Settlement is specified to be the Settlement Method (or if Cash Settlement is 
applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with Credit Linked Provision 1.2 
(Auction Settlement)), Exclude Accrued Interest shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, be applicable. 
"Package Observable Bond" means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org 
from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on 
its website from time to time and (b) which fell within sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition 
of Valuation Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant 
Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective.

--- Page 506 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
493 
"Parallel Auction" means "Auction" as defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R 
Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity, any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms published by ISDA with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring, and for which the 
Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable 
to the Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction and for which such Hypothetical Credit 
Derivative Transaction would not be an Auction Covered Transaction. 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as being applicable to the Reference 
Entity in the Standard or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such 
amount is specified, U.S.$ 1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in 
either case as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as 
applicable. 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable 
Obligations included on the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are 
applicable to that Auction. 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to a Reference 
Entity's payment obligations: 
(a)
as a result of the application of: 
(i)
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume 
all of the payment obligations of such Reference Entity; 
(ii)
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii)
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee 
(or provisions allowing for the release of the relevant Reference Entity from its 
payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv)
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is 
specified as applicable in the Standard; or 
(v)
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as 
applicable in the Standard; or 
(b)
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their 
behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such 
obligation. 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of 
cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in 
circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of a 
Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" means the period from and including the date of the DC 
Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is fourteen calendar days 
thereafter (provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior 
to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, the failure by such 
Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not 
less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms

--- Page 507 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
494 
of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without regard to any grace period or any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations. 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
"Prior Valuation Obligation" means: 
(a)
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as 
the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event 
Announcement), any obligation of a Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately 
prior to such Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental 
Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of Valuation Obligation set out in sub-
paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of Valuation Obligation, in each case, immediately 
preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally effective; or 
(b)
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred 
in respect of a Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event 
Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms 
is not publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence 
based on the factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of Credit Event) or 
right of set-off by or of a Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
"Public Source" means, with respect to any Reference Entity, each Additional Public Source 
of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the Issue Terms and each of Bloomberg, 
LSEG, Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai 
Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The 
Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of 
business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is organised and any other 
internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources. 
"Publicly Available Information":  
(a)
means information that, in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent, reasonably 
confirms any of the facts relevant to the determination that the Credit Event or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in a Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have occurred and which: 
(i)
has been published in or on not less than two Public Sources (regardless of 
whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information) provided 
that, other than with respect to the definition of "Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date" if the Calculation Agent or any of its Affiliates is cited as the sole source 
of such information, then such information shall not be deemed to be Publicly 
Available Information unless such party or its Affiliate is acting in its capacity as 
trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility 
agent or agent bank for an Obligation;  
(ii)
is information received from or published by (A) the Reference Entity (or, if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity 
(including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign), 
or (B) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, 
facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or

--- Page 508 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
495 
(iii)
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however 
described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or 
similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body, 
provided that where any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (a)(ii) or (iii) above 
is not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made 
public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
(b)
In the event that the Calculation Agent is (i) the sole source of information in its capacity 
as trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent 
or agent bank for the Obligation with respect to which a Credit Event has occurred and 
(ii) a holder of such Obligation, the Calculation Agent shall also provide the Issuer a 
certificate signed by a Managing Director (or other substantively equivalent title) of the 
Calculation Agent, which shall certify the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to 
such Obligation. 
(c)
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (a)(ii) and (a)(iii) 
above, the party receiving such information may assume that such information has been 
disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such 
information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with 
the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, 
or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such 
information. 
(d)
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (i) in relation to the 
definition of Downstream Affiliate, the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the 
Reference Entity and (ii) that the relevant occurrence (A) has met the Payment 
Requirement or Default Requirement, (B) is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace 
Period, or (C) has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
(e)
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information 
must relate to the events described in both sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by a Reference 
Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may 
include a statute or regulation), pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, 
undertakes, or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for 
amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying 
Obligation for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not 
by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto 
in form under the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a)
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of 
credit (or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b)
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the 
Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as 
a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, 
other than: 
(i)
by payment; 
(ii)
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii)
by operation of law;

--- Page 509 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
496 
(iv)
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v)
due to: 
(A)
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
Standard; or 
(B)
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the Standard. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant 
determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to 
or following the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying 
Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of Bankruptcy in respect of 
the Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that 
such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or 
Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(1)
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being delivered together 
with the delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and 
(2)
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are 
subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable of being delivered together with 
the delivery of such guarantee. 
"Qualifying Participation Seller" means any participation seller that meets the requirements 
specified in the Standard. If no such requirements are specified, there shall be no Qualifying 
Participation Seller. 
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted 
against a Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had 
become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at 
the time of the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed 
the Non-Contingent Amount. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and 
expressed as a percentage of the Valuation Obligation's Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount, as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a)
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain 
two or more such Full Quotations on the same Valuation Business Day within three 
Valuation Business Days of the relevant Valuation Date, then on the next following 
Valuation Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Valuation Business Day thereafter 
until the fifteenth Valuation Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more Dealers and, 
if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. 
(b)
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation on the same Valuation Business Day on or prior to the fifteenth 
Valuation Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date, then the Quotations 
shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a Dealer at the Valuation Time 
on such fifteenth Valuation Business Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, then the 
weighted average of any firm quotations for the Reference Obligation obtained from 
Dealers at the Valuation Time on such fifteenth Valuation Business Day with respect to 
the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained

--- Page 510 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
497 
and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which 
firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
"Quotation Amount" means an amount selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, 
subject to a minimum of the Minimum Quotation Amount and a maximum of the Maximum 
Quotation Amount. 
"Quotation Method" means Bid, where "Bid" means that only bid quotations shall be requested 
from Dealers. 
"Reference Entity" means each entity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and any 
Successors. 
"Reference Obligation" means, in respect of a Reference Entity:  
(a)
the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(i)
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation, if any; or 
(ii)
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms (or no election is specified), (ii) there is no Standard Reference 
Obligation, and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the Issue 
Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard 
Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation from such date 
onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that is published would 
have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
(b)
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall 
cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" 
Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Valuation Obligation Characteristic) 
and there shall be no Reference Obligation unless and until such obligation is 
subsequently replaced on the SRO List, in which case, the new Standard Reference 
Obligation in respect of such Reference Entity shall constitute the Reference Obligation. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"Relevant Guarantee" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a Qualifying Affiliate 
Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as being applicable in the Standard, a Qualifying 
Guarantee. 
"Relevant Holder" means a holder of the Prior Valuation Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the 
Quotation Amount determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of a Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of 
the first succession), provided that: 
(a)
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between such Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, 
or held by such Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b)
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination 
required to be made under the sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor, make the 
appropriate adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference 
Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, 
incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective 
date of the first succession to and including the Succession Date;

--- Page 511 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
498 
(c)
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable with respect to such 
Reference Entity in the Standard, and the associated Credit Position is a Senior Credit 
Position, then the Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the 
Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d)
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable with respect to such 
Reference Entity in the Standard, and the associated Credit Position is a Subordinated 
Credit Position, then the Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any 
Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations 
exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it would if the Credit 
Position were a Senior Credit Position. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a)
an authorised officer of a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(i)
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement; or 
(ii)
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de 
facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Default Requirement; and 
(b)
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to 
any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date (a) if the Obligations to which such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (i) the date 
that is sixty days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first 
payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, 
if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and 
(b) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include 
Bonds, the date that is sixty days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; 
provided that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later 
than the Credit Observation End Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition 
is satisfied. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" means, with respect to a Reference Entity: 
(a)
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered 
and effectively received on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the 
Credit Observation End Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee 
has 
Resolved 
that 
an 
event 
that 
constitutes 
a 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the Reference 
Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date; or 
(b)
otherwise, by the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice that is effective on or prior to the date that is 
fourteen calendar days after the Credit Observation End Date. 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been 
satisfied, or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
either (i) an event does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an 
Obligation of the Reference Entity, or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity but 
that such event occurred after the Credit Observation End Date.

--- Page 512 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
499 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred 
on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date. The Calculation Agent shall only deliver a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice where it determines that Publicly Available 
Information exists confirming the existence or occurrence of the relevant Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
"Resolve" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" 
shall be construed accordingly. 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation that is a Bond or Loan and in respect of 
which the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
"Restructuring" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between a Reference 
Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to 
bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by such Reference 
Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation 
(including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange), and such event is 
not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the 
Credit Observation Start Date and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a)
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(b)
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by 
way of redenomination); 
(c)
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual 
of interest, or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d)
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e)
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to 
any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring: 
(i)
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts 
or has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii)
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State 
of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion 
between euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination 
and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of 
conversion; 
(iii)
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described 
the definition of Restructuring due to an administrative adjustment, accounting

--- Page 513 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
500 
adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the 
ordinary course of business; and 
(iv)
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described 
in sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) above in circumstances where such event does not 
directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided that, in respect of (e) above 
only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the 
Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros into another 
currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a 
Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
For purposes of this definition of Restructuring, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include 
Underlying Obligations for which a Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In 
the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to such Reference Entity in 
sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) of the definition of Restructuring shall be deemed to refer to the 
Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in the second paragraph of this 
definition shall continue to refer to such Reference Entity. 
Unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as not applicable to any Reference Entity in the 
Standard then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this definition of Restructuring, the 
occurrence of, or agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of the definition of Restructuring shall not be a Restructuring unless the 
Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
the definition of Restructuring sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) has occurred will be based on a 
comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the 
resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
"Restructuring Date" means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in 
accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Valuation Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Observation End Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with 
the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year 
Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or 
Loan") and the Credit Observation End Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date 
will be the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Senior Credit Position" means a Credit Position attributable to a Reference Entity in respect 
of which (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior 
Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation. 
"Senior Obligation" means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity, (a) "Senior 
Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or (b) if no such 
seniority level is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "Senior Level" if the Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) "Senior 
Level". 
"Settlement Method" means the Settlement Method specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if 
no Settlement Method is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, Auction Settlement.

--- Page 514 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
501 
"Specified Final Redemption Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Specified Number of Business Days" means the number of Business Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its 
website at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time. 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit a Reference 
Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, 
reduced or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute 
capital resources of a particular tier. 
"Sovereign Restructured Valuation Obligation" means an Obligation of a Reference Entity 
which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (i) in respect of 
which a Restructuring that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred and (ii) which fell within the definition of a Valuation Obligation 
set out in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Valuation Obligation immediately preceding the 
date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the 
documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity 
(including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, 
an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or 
other similar event. 
"Standard" means, in respect of a Reference Entity and the "Transaction Type" identified as 
being applicable in that Reference Entity, the terms set out in the Credit Derivatives Physical 
Settlement Matrix with respect to such Transaction Type, subject to amendment in accordance 
with the definition of "Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix". 
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the 
relevant Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
"Standard Specified Currency" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the 
euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of 
the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be 
a series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by 
one or more entities. 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity existed. 
"Subordinated Credit Position" means a Credit Position attributable to a Reference Entity in 
respect of which the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a 
Subordinated Obligation. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a)
The Calculation Agent shall (in its sole discretion) identify the Substitute Reference 
Obligation in accordance with sub-paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-

--- Page 515 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
502 
Standard Reference Obligation; provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an 
obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time of the determination, 
such obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such obligation has not 
changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. 
(b)
If any of the events set forth under sub-paragraphs (a) or (c) of the definition of 
Substitution Event have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference 
Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic 
or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and sub-paragraph (c)(ii) 
below). If the event set forth in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Substitution Event 
has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute 
Reference Obligation is available, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue 
to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, 
if earlier, until any of the events set forth under sub-paragraphs (a) or (c) of the definition 
of Substitution Event occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(c)
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(i)
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee); 
(ii)
satisfies the "Not Subordinated" Valuation Obligation Characteristic as of the date 
it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment 
after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(iii)
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
(1)
is a Valuation Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Valuation 
Obligation; or if no such obligation is available, 
(2)
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Valuation Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Valuation Obligation; 
(B)
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(1)
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than 
a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(2)
is a Valuation Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Valuation 
Obligation; or if no such obligation is available, 
(3)
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(4)
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Valuation Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Valuation Obligation; or 
(C)
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately 
prior to the Substitution Event Date:

--- Page 516 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
503 
(1)
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(2)
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than 
a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(3)
is a Valuation Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Valuation 
Obligation; or if no such obligation is available, 
(4)
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Valuation Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Valuation Obligation. 
(d)
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the 
process described in sub-paragraph (c) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will 
be the potential Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the 
economic equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations under the Securities, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (in its sole discretion). The Calculation Agent will 
notify the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable 
after it has been identified in accordance with sub-paragraph (c) above and the Substitute 
Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation immediately 
upon such notification. 
(e)
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines (in its sole discretion) that no Substitute 
Reference Obligation is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, then, 
subject to sub-paragraph (a) above and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify 
the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on 
which the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it 
has identified in accordance with the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a)
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(b)
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below U.S.$ 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(c)
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non- 
Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, 
in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) above has occurred on or prior to the Trade 
Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to sub-paragraphs 
(a) or (b) above, as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice 
to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be

--- Page 517 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
504 
convened to Resolve a Substitute Reference Obligation to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is 
effective. 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities 
succeed to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of a Reference Entity; provided that if at such 
time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final 
succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination 
pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor would not be affected by any further 
related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date in respect of a Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a 
Successor. 
"Successor" means, in relation to a Reference Entity (the "Original Reference Entity") and 
subject to sub-paragraph (c) below, the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
(a)
(i) 
subject to sub-paragraph (vii), if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent. or more of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole 
Successor; 
(ii)
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. (but less than seventy-five per cent.) 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-
five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the 
Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of 
the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor; 
(iii)
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entities 
that succeed to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will 
each be a Successor and the Credit Position will be divided and the terms of the 
Securities will be amended in accordance with sub-paragraph (g) below; 
(iv)
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity and 
the Reference Entity will each be a Successor and the Credit Position will be 
divided and the terms of the Securities will be amended in accordance with sub-
paragraph (g) below; 
(v)
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but 
no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be 
no Successor and the Reference Entity and the Credit Position will not be changed 
in any way as a result of such succession; 
(vi)
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but 
no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which 
succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor 
(provided that if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant 
Obligations, each such entity will be a Successor and the Credit Position will be 
divided and the terms of the Securities will be amended in accordance with sub-
paragraph (g) below); and

--- Page 518 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
505 
(vii)
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes 
all of the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference 
Entity, and at the time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has 
ceased to exist, or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved 
(howsoever described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any 
Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the 
assumption, such entity (the "Universal Successor") will be the sole Successor. 
(b)
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably 
practicable after delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the Succession Date, 
any Successor or Successors under sub-paragraph (a) above; provided that the 
Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at the time of determination, the 
DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to Relevant Obligations. 
If the DC Secretary publicly announces on or following the Trade Date, that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that one or more successors 
exist with respect to a Reference Entity, each such successor entity will be treated as a 
Successor for the purposes of sub-paragraph (g) below. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made 
under this definition of Successor on the basis of Eligible Information and as soon as 
practicable after such calculation or determination will notify the Issuer of such 
calculation or determination. 
In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a 
Successor, if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related 
successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single 
succession. 
(c)
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i)
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop 
Date, or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the 
Succession Date occurred on or after 1 January 2014;  
(ii)
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding 
immediately prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part 
of at least one Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(iii)
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
(d)
For purposes of this definition of Successor, "succeed" means, with respect to a 
Reference Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than such Reference 
Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation 
of law or pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a Reference Entity that 
is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other 
agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the "Exchange Bonds or Loans") that 
are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case such Reference Entity is not 
thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect to such 
Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For purposes of 
this definition of Successor, "succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(e)
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to sub-paragraph 
(a) above shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant 
Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the 
Exchange Bonds or Loans.

--- Page 519 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
506 
(f)
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a 
Relevant Obligation (the "Joint Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation 
of such Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint 
Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to 
such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant 
Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by 
the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which 
succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or 
otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts.  
(g)
Where, pursuant to sub-paragraphs (a)(iii), (iv) or (vi) above, more than one Successor 
has been identified, the following terms will apply in respect of the Securities: 
(i)
except in the case of (iii) below, each Successor will be the Reference Entity for 
the purposes of the Conditions;  
(ii)
except in the case of (iii) below, the Credit Position of each such Successor shall 
be equal to the Credit Position of the Reference Entity to which that Successor 
relates, divided by the number of Successors (including that Original Reference 
Entity if applicable) to that Reference Entity, provided that if any Successor was 
a Reference Entity immediately prior to the relevant succession, the Credit 
Position determined in accordance with the previous sentence shall be added to 
the existing Credit Position of that Reference Entity; and 
(iii)
if the Securities are linked to a single Reference Entity and there is more than one 
Successor to that Reference Entity: 
(A)
The Securities will not redeem in whole following the occurrence of an 
Event Determination Date in respect of a Successor but an Instalment 
Amount shall be payable following each occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date in respect of any such Successor which shall be 
calculated in the same way as the Final Redemption Amount payable 
following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of the 
Original Reference Entity except that the Credit Position shall be the 
Credit Position of the relevant Successor. The Instalment Date for any such 
Instalment Amount shall be determined in accordance with the provisions 
for determining the Maturity Date following an Event Determination Date. 
In addition, if no Event Determination Date occurs with respect to one or 
more Successors, an Instalment Amount will be due in respect of each such 
Successor on the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if the Maturity Date is 
postponed beyond the Scheduled Maturity Date (assuming for this purpose 
that the provisions in the definition of "Maturity Date" referring to the 
Reference Entity instead refer to the Successor), the Maturity Date, 
equivalent to the Credit Position of the relevant Successor. More than one 
Instalment Amount may be payable on the same day in respect of different 
Successors. 
(B)
The amount of interest accruing and payable in respect of the Securities 
will be reduced with effect from the date on which it would have been 
reduced upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of 
the Original Reference Entity but the balance on which interest is 
calculated shall only be reduced by the Credit Position of the Successor in 
respect of which the relevant Event Determination Date occurred. 
(C)
Subject as provided in the definition of "Credit Event", more than one 
Event Determination Date may occur but not more than one Event 
Determination Date may occur with respect to a single Successor.  
(iv)
Upon the identification of more than one Successor, the Calculation Agent shall 
revise the Conditions to reflect the above provisions and preserve as far as

--- Page 520 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
507 
possible the economic effects of the original Securities and the Issuer will cause 
such revised Conditions to be substituted for the original Conditions and such 
revised Conditions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the 
Issuer, the Holders and the Agents. 
"Successor Backstop Date" means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by 
DC Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request 
Date otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (a) the date on which 
the Successor Notice is effective and (b) in circumstances where (i) a Successor Resolution 
Request Date has occurred, (ii) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to make a Successor determination and (iii) the Successor Notice is delivered by 
the Calculation Agent to the Issuer not more than fourteen calendar days after the day on which 
the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, the Successor Resolution 
Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention. 
"Successor Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that 
describes a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign 
Succession Event) in respect of which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which 
one or more Successors to a Reference Entity can be determined. 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or 
more Successors to a Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which 
such notice is effective. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means, with respect to a Credit Event in respect of 
a Reference Entity, the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for which the Hypothetical 
Credit Derivative Transaction would be an Auction Covered Transaction, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (in its sole discretion). 
"Transaction Type" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the transaction type specified in 
respect of such Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject 
of the guarantee.  
"Underlying Obligor" means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case 
of a Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation.  
"USD" or "U.S.$" means United States dollars. 
"Valuation Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in London and New York and any additional 
location that is specified in the applicable Standard and a TARGET2 Settlement Day. 
"Valuation Date" means, subject as provided in Credit Linked Provision 11.1 (Settlement 
Suspension) in respect of a Defaulted Credit, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion, any Valuation Business Day falling in the period from and including the Valuation 
Event Date to and including the 125th Valuation Business Day following the Valuation Event 
Date. The Calculation Agent will select as the Valuation Date a day falling on or before the 
72nd Valuation Business Day following the Valuation Event Date unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that material problems exist in the marketplace in delivering obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity under credit default swap contracts, in which case it may select a 
Valuation Date falling after the 72nd Valuation Business Day, but not later than the 125th 
Valuation Business Day, following the Valuation Event Date.

--- Page 521 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
508 
"Valuation Event Date" means the Event Determination Date (or, if "Cash Settlement" is 
applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with sub-paragraphs (a) 
or (b) of Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction Settlement), the relevant Auction Cancellation 
Date, if any, or the relevant No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable). 
For the avoidance of doubt: 
(a)
more than one Credit Event Notice may be delivered from time to time following the 
occurrence of an Event Determination Date relating only to an M(M)R Restructuring in 
respect of a Reference Entity, provided that the sum of the Exercise Amounts in respect 
of any such Reference Entity does not exceed the Credit Position;  
(b)
the Calculation Agent may select a different Valuation Obligation in respect of each 
Valuation Date; and 
(c)
subject to the other provisions hereof, at any time following the occurrence of an M(M)R 
Restructuring in respect of any Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent may, by delivery 
to the Issuer of a Credit Event Notice relating only to an M(M)R Restructuring, designate 
such Exercise Amount as it determines in its sole discretion to be subject to such Credit 
Event Notice, provided that the Exercise Amount shall be in an amount of at least the 
Minimum Exercise Amount; where, "Minimum Exercise Amount" means the amount 
(if any) specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Valuation Method" means Market, where "Market" means the Market Value determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
"Valuation Obligation" means: 
(a)
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the method described in Credit Linked Provision 6 
(Method for Determining Valuation Obligations); 
(b)
the Reference Obligation; 
(c)
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which 
is a Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Valuation is applicable, any Sovereign 
Restructured Valuation Obligation; and 
(d)
if Asset Package Valuation is applicable, any Prior Valuation Obligation (if "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity in the Standard) or any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Valuation Obligation and (ii) provided that the 
obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than 
zero (determined for purposes of sub-paragraph (d), immediately prior to the relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event). 
Where Auction Settlement applies for the purposes of determining the Final Price, "Valuation 
Obligation" means any obligation that is capable of constituting a deliverable obligation in 
accordance with the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or, as the case may be, the Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Valuation Obligation Category" means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Bond, Loan, or 
Bond or Loan (each as defined in the definition of Obligation Category). 
"Valuation Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, 
Not Domestic Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, 
Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer, and:

--- Page 522 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
509 
(a)
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a 
minimum, commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of 
organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, 
without the consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the 
consent of the applicable borrower if such Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) 
or any agent;  
(b)
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated 
with the consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the 
consent of the relevant borrower if such Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or 
any agent; 
(c)
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a 
participation agreement, the Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a 
contractual right in favour of a notional protection seller that provides such notional 
protection seller with recourse to the participation seller for a specified share in any 
payments due under the relevant Loan which are received by such participation seller, 
any such agreement to be entered into between (i) such notional protection seller and (ii) 
either (A) the Issuer (to the extent the Issuer was then a lender or a member of the relevant 
lending syndicate), or (B) a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such 
Qualifying Participation Seller is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending 
syndicate); 
(d)
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without 
any contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following 
shall be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(i)
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for 
resale pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a 
similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(ii)
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment 
restrictions on insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(iii)
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting 
periods; 
(e)
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater 
than the period specified in the Standard (or if no such period is specified, thirty years); 
(f)
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, 
whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable 
in full in accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and 
without regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable insolvency laws; and 
(g)
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with 
respect to such bearer instrument are cleared via the Euroclear system, Clearstream 
International or any other internationally recognised clearing system.  
"Valuation Time" means, the time specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or if no such time is 
specified, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, any time at or after 11.00 
a.m. London time in the principal trading market for the Reference Obligation. 
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of 
directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the 
weighted average of firm quotations obtained from Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Valuation Obligation with an Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of as large a size as available but

--- Page 523 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
510 
less than the Quotation Amount (but of a size at least equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount) 
that in aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
14.
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations 
In respect of any Reference Entity in respect of which the Transaction Type is "European Senior 
Non Preferred Financial Corporate" or "Standard European Senior Non Preferred Financial 
Corporate" the following provisions shall be applicable only in respect of such Reference Entity 
(and where there is any conflict between this Credit Linked Provision 14 (Additional Provisions 
for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations) and any other provisions of these Credit 
Linked Provisions, this Credit Linked Provision 14 shall apply). 
(i)
"Senior Non-Preferred Credit Position" means a Credit Position attributable to a 
Reference Entity in respect of which this Credit Linked Provision 14 (Additional 
Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations) is specified as applicable. 
A Senior Non Preferred Transaction shall constitute a Subordinated Credit Position for 
the purposes of such definition. 
(ii)
"Senior Non-Preferred Obligation" means any obligation of the Reference Entity 
which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the 
Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity existed, and which 
ranks above Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity or which 
would so rank if any Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity 
existed. A Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall constitute a Subordinated Obligation 
for the purposes of such definition. 
(iii)
"Traditional Subordinated Obligation" means (a) Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of 
the Reference Entity; (b) any obligations of the Reference Entity which rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with any Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the Reference 
Entity; and (c) any obligations of the Reference Entity which are Subordinated to the 
obligations thereto described in (a) and (b) above shall each (without limitation) 
constitute a "Traditional Subordinated Obligation" in respect of a Senior Non Preferred 
Obligation. A Traditional Subordinated Obligation shall constitute a Further 
Subordinated Obligation for the purposes of such definition. 
(iv)
"Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation of the Reference Entity which 
meets the conditions set out in Article 63 of Regulation 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as such Article may be amended or 
replaced from time to time (the "CRR") or which are (or were at any time) otherwise 
eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with the CRR. 
(v)
"Subordination" shall have the meaning ascribed to that term in Credit Linked Provision 
13 (Definitions) above and such term shall be applied in the assessment of any Obligation 
without regard to how the Obligation is described by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, 
including any characterisation of the Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the laws 
of any relevant jurisdiction. 
(vi)
The definition of "Reference Obligation" in Credit Linked Provision 13 (Definitions) 
above is hereby amended by adding the following proviso to the end of paragraph (a)(i) 
of such definition immediately following the words "if any": 
"provided that, irrespective of any Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
specified in the Issue Terms, if (1) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference 
Obligation of the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such Standard Reference 
Obligation shall be deemed to constitute the Reference Obligation, or (2) no such Senior 
Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity is specified 
on the SRO List but such Standard Reference Obligation has previously been specified 
on the SRO List, there shall be deemed to be no Reference Obligation applicable and 
such previously specified Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of 
the Reference Entity shall be deemed to constitute the Prior Reference Obligation".

--- Page 524 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
511 
(vii)
"Seniority Level" means Senior Non-Preferred Level. 
15.
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement 
In respect of each Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, unless "NTCE Supplement" is stated 
to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, from (and including) (A) the Implementation 
Date (as defined in the ISDA 2019 NTCE Protocol published by ISDA on 27 August 2019 on 
its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto)); or (B) in the case of Securities 
referencing Reference Entities comprising a CDX index or iTraxx index (whether tranched or 
untranched) which has an index annex date (or analogous date) that is prior to such 
Implementation Date, the Trade Date: 
(i)
in respect of each such Reference Entity, each of 'Fallback Discounting" and "Credit 
Deterioration Requirement" shall be deemed to be applicable in the related Issue Terms; 
and 
(ii)
the Credit Linked Provisions shall be amended as follows: 
(A)
the definition of Outstanding Principal Balance in Credit Linked Provision 13 
(Definitions) above shall be deleted and the following substituted therefor: 
""Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the 
Reference Entity's principal payment obligations and, subject as provided 
below, the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment 
obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, 
where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if 
references to the Reference Entity were references to the Underlying 
Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(ii) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant 
to the terms of the obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or 
(B) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by 
way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount 
determined in sub-paragraph (i) less any amounts subtracted in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph (ii), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and 
(iii) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then 
constitute the Outstanding Principal Balance,  
in each case, determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation 
in effect on the Valuation Date; and 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any 
applicable laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the 
claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (iii)(B) above, "applicable laws" shall include 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights to which 
the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject. 
If "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the related Issue Terms, 
then notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an 
obligation is not reduced or discounted under sub-paragraph (iii)(B) above, (ii) 
that obligation is either a Bond that has an issue price less than ninety-five per 
cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount advanced 
is less than ninety-five per cent. of the principal repayment amount, and (iii) such

--- Page 525 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
512 
Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating to the accretion over time of 
the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment of such 
Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the 
case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall 
be the lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent by straight line interpolation between the issue price of 
the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal redemption 
amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount 
advanced under a Loan is less than ninety-five per cent. of the principal 
redemption amount or principal repayment amount (as applicable) or, where 
applicable, for applying straight line interpolation: 
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the 
issue price or  amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from 
the exchange shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the original obligation(s) that were tendered or 
exchanged (the "Original Obligation(s)") at the time of such exchange 
(determined without regard to market or trading value of the Original 
Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation 
previously issued by the relevant Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan 
shall be treated as having the same issue price or amount advanced as the 
prior debt obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation 
in exchange for the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine 
the allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original 
Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose of 
determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. 
Such allocation will take into account the interest rate, maturity, level of 
subordination and other terms of the obligations that resulted from the exchange 
and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology 
(if any) determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations  
Committee. 
Where Cash Settlement is specified to be the Settlement Method (or if Cash 
Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with 
the Credit Linked Provisions), Exclude Accrued Interest shall, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, be applicable."; and 
(B)
the definition of Failure to Pay in Credit Linked Provision 13 (Definitions) above 
shall be deleted and the following substituted therefor: 
""Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period 
(after the satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such 
Grace Period), the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, 
any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement 
under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations 
at the time of such failure. 
If "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the related 
Issue Terms, then, notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure 
to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly either result from, or result in, 
a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference 
Entity. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (i) is a result of a 
redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental

--- Page 526 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
513 
Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority and (ii) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time 
of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a 
Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate 
or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference 
to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such 
redenomination." 
16.
Additional Provisions for Contingent Convertible (CoCo) Obligations 
In respect of any Reference Entity in respect of which the Transaction Type is "Standard 
European CoCo Financial Corporate" or "European CoCo Financial Corporate" the following 
provisions shall be applicable only in respect of such Reference Entity (and where there is any 
conflict between this Credit Linked Provision 16 and any other provisions of these Credit Linked 
Provisions, this Credit Linked Provision 16 shall apply): 
(i)
If, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not 
less than the Default Requirement, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results 
in (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at 
redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, such event 
shall be deemed to constitute a Governmental Intervention falling within the first 
paragraph of the definition of "Governmental Intervention". 
(ii)
A CoCo Provision shall be deemed to be a provision which permits a Governmental 
Intervention for all purposes under the Credit Linked Provisions. 
(iii)
For the purposes hereof: 
"Capital Ratio" means the ratio of capital to risk weighted assets applicable to the 
Obligation, as described in the terms thereof in effect from time to time. 
"CoCo Provision" means, with respect of an Obligation, a provision which requires (i) 
a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or 
(ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the Capital 
Ratio is at or below the Trigger Percentage. 
"Trigger Percentage" means the trigger percentage specified in the Issue Terms (or if 
no such trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per cent.).

--- Page 527 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
514 
ANNEX A 
CREDIT DERIVATIVES DETERMINATIONS COMMITTEES 
In making certain determinations with respect to the Securities, the Calculation Agent shall be obliged 
to follow the DC Resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. This Annex sets forth 
a summary of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by the DC 
Secretary on behalf of ISDA on its website at www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org  (or any successor 
website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof 
(the "Rules"), as they exist as of the Trade Date. This Annex does not form part of the Credit Linked 
Provisions. This summary is not intended to be exhaustive and prospective investors should also read 
the Rules, and reach their own views prior to making any investment decisions. The most recent version 
of the Rules published by the DC Secretary on behalf of ISDA is available at:  
www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/dc-rules/ (or any successor website thereto) 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this summary have the meaning specified in the Credit Linked 
Provisions or the Rules, as applicable.  
Establishment of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
In accordance with the Rules, a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has been formed for each 
of the regions of (a) the Americas, (b) Asia Ex-Japan, (c) Australia-New Zealand, (d) Europe, Middle 
East and Africa and (e) Japan. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Calculation Agent (or one of 
its Affiliates) is a voting member on each of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. See 
Risk Factor 6.10(k)(iii) (Potential conflicts of interest due to the involvement of the Calculation Agent 
with the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees) for additional information regarding conflicts 
of interest. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will act in accordance with the Rules and 
will make determinations in connection with Credit Derivative Transactions that have incorporated, or 
are deemed to have incorporated, the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (the "2014 Definitions") 
or the Updated 2003 Definitions, in each case, as published by ISDA. Pursuant to the Rules, ISDA may 
serve as, or may, at any time and from time to time, appoint a third party to act as the secretary of each 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (the "DC Secretary"). As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, DC Administration Services, Inc. currently acts as DC Secretary and will perform the 
administrative duties and make certain determinations as provided under the Rules. The DC Secretary 
does not have a vote in relation to any question brought before a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee. 
Decision-making Process of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Each DC Resolution by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will apply to Credit Derivative 
Transactions that incorporate, or are deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 
Definitions and for which the relevant provisions are not materially inconsistent with the provisions with 
respect to which the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee bases its determination. As a result, 
except pursuant to the terms of the Securities, determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees are not otherwise applicable to the Holders. Furthermore, the institutions on the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees owe no duty to the Holders. Under the terms of the Securities, 
certain determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be binding on the 
Holders. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees shall have no ability to amend the terms of 
the Securities. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to make determinations 
without action or knowledge by the Holders. 
Any determination by the Calculation Agent that a Credit Event or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, 
as applicable (each a "Relevant Event"), may have occurred for the purposes of the Credit Linked 
Provisions shall not be construed as a determination by the Calculation Agent that any relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened to Resolve whether such Relevant Event has 
occurred or that if any relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has convened to Resolve 
whether such Relevant Event has occurred, such Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will so 
Resolve that such Relevant Event has occurred.

--- Page 528 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
515 
A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened upon referral of (a) a question to the 
DC Secretary by an identified Eligible Market Participant and the agreement of at least one of the voting 
members of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question (other 
than in respect of a Qualifying CCP Question (as further outlined in the Rules)) or (b) a general interest 
question to the DC Secretary by an unidentified eligible market participant and the agreement of at least 
two of the voting members of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate 
the question. In each case, the identity of such voting member(s) who agree to deliberate the relevant 
question will not be disclosed by the DC Secretary. The DC Secretary  will convene the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee (a) for each region, where the Rules provide that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee for each region shall be convened or (b) for the region that 
includes the Relevant Transaction Type, where the Rules do not provide that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee for each region shall be convened, in each case, to which the referred question 
relates, as determined in accordance with the Rules. Any party to a Credit Derivative Transaction that 
incorporates, or is deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions or a 
central clearing counterparty with an open interest in any such Credit Derivative Transaction may refer 
a question to the DC Secretary for a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to consider. 
Therefore, a binding determination may be made with respect to the Securities without any action by the 
Holders. See Risk Factor 6.10(k)(i) (Holders (in their capacity as holders of the Securities) will not be 
able to refer questions to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees) for additional information 
regarding the lack of Holder involvement in determinations made by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. 
Once a question is referred to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, a DC Resolution may 
result quickly, as a binding vote usually must occur within two business days of the first meeting held 
with respect to such question unless the timeframe is shortened or extended or the relevant question is 
dismissed or transferred in the limited circumstances permitted by the Rules, in each case, by agreement 
of at least 80 per cent. of the voting members participating in a vote held in accordance with the Rules 
(a "Supermajority"). In addition, voting members of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
are required to participate in each binding vote, subject only to limited abstention rights in the event that 
a voting member is the Reference Entity that is the subject of the relevant meeting. Notices of questions 
referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, meetings held to deliberate such 
questions, lists of voting members attending any meetings and the results of binding votes will be 
published on the website of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and neither the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent nor any of their respective Affiliates shall be obliged to inform the Holders of such 
information. Holders shall therefore be responsible for obtaining such information. See Risk Factor 
6.10(k)(v) (Holders are responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees) for additional information. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees have the ability to make determinations that may 
materially affect the Holders. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to make a 
broad range of determinations in accordance with the Rules that may be relevant to the Securities and 
materially affect the Holders. For each of the general types of questions discussed below, the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees may determine component questions that arise under the 2014 
Definitions, or the Rules and that are related to the initial question referred. Since the terms governing 
the credit-linked elements of the Securities are substantially similar to the 2014 Definitions, such 
determinations may affect the Holders, as further described below. 
Credit Events 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether a Credit Event has 
occurred in respect of a Reference Entity and the date of such Credit Event. Related questions that are 
also within the scope of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are whether a Potential 
Failure to Pay or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity (such 
determination being a "Credit Event Resolution"). In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees will also determine, where necessary, whether the required Publicly Available Information 
has been provided. Each of these determinations, other than whether the required Publicly Available 
Information has been provided, requires the agreement of a Supermajority in order to avoid the referral 
of the question to the external review process, as described further below. The determination of whether 
the required Publicly Available Information has been provided requires the agreement of more than 50 
per cent. of the voting members participating in a binding vote held in accordance with the Rules (a 
"Majority") and is not eligible for external review. Each of these determinations may affect whether a

--- Page 529 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
516 
Credit Event will occur and, therefore, whether an Event Determination Date will occur, in each case, 
under the Securities. To the extent that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that 
a Credit Event has occurred with respect to one of the Reference Entity(ies) on or after the Credit 
Observation Start Date, an Event Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred on the relevant 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date if such Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior 
to the last day after the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date). Notwithstanding the 
scope of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, the Calculation Agent may still declare a 
Credit Event and deliver a Credit Event Notice even if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has not Resolved that a Credit Event has occurred, provided that a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has not Resolved that a Credit Event has not occurred. 
Successor Resolutions 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine (a) the relevant obligations 
of the Reference Entity that is the subject of a relevant meeting, (b) the proportion of the relevant 
obligations to which each purported Successor succeeds and (c) the Succession Date in order to determine 
the identity of the Successor(s). In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will also 
determine the identity of the Successor(s) in accordance with the Rules and whether a Sovereign 
Succession Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign (each a "Successor 
Resolution"). If a Successor Resolution relates to a Reference Entity for which either (a) a Standard 
Reference Obligation is included on the SRO List or (b) a Package Observable Bond is included on the 
POB List, the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may, in each case, with the 
agreement of a Majority to direct the SRO Administrator or the POB Administrator (as applicable) to 
make any adjustments to the SRO List or the POB List (as applicable) as it deems suitable and appropriate 
to reflect such Successor Resolution. 
Subject as provided above, each of these determinations requires the agreement of a Supermajority in 
order to avoid the referral of the question to the external review process, as described further below, 
except for the actual identification of the Successor(s) (which only requires the agreement of a Majority 
and is not eligible for external review). The Calculation Agent will use the relevant DC Resolutions of 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees in order to determine Successor(s) to the Reference 
Entity(ies). 
Other Questions 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether a Substitution 
Event has occurred such that a Substitute Reference Obligation should be identified and, if so, the 
appropriate Substitute Reference Obligation and Substitution Event Date. In addition, the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether an entity that acts as seller of 
protection under one or more transactions (such entity, the "Relevant Seller") or a Reference Entity has 
consolidated or amalgamated with, or merged into, or transferred all or substantially all its assets to, the 
Reference Entity or the Relevant Seller, as applicable, or that the Relevant Seller and the Affected 
Reference Entity have become Affiliates. Each of these determinations requires the agreement of a 
Supermajority in order to avoid the referral of the question to the external review process, as described 
further below. The Calculation Agent may follow such DC Resolutions in making the equivalent 
determinations with respect to the Securities. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine other referred questions 
that are relevant to the credit derivatives market as a whole and are not merely a matter of bilateral 
dispute. Such questions require the agreement of a Supermajority for each Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee implicated by the relevant question, as determined in accordance with the 
Rules, in order to avoid the possible referral of the question to the external review process, as described 
further below. In cases where the required voting threshold is not satisfied, the question will be referred 
to the external review process if a Majority agree. Any guidance given by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees with respect to questions of interpretation of the 2014 Definitions are likely 
to influence the Calculation Agent in interpreting equivalent provisions under the Securities. 
Any General Interest Question can be submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
by an unidentified Eligible Market Participant for deliberation. The relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee(s) will deliberate such question upon the agreement of at least two of the 
voting members of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question.

--- Page 530 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
517 
Once the deliberations on such question have commenced, the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee will proceed in accordance with the procedures described above with respect 
to the relevant question category, except that the identity of the Eligible Market Participant who 
submitted the question will not be revealed to the members of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees or the general public. 
Auction Resolutions 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether one or more 
auctions will be held to settle the relevant Credit Derivative Transactions in respect of which a Credit 
Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity in accordance with the terms of the Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. Such determination requires the agreement of a Majority (provided that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not determined by a Supermajority that no 
Deliverable Obligations exist in respect of the relevant Reference Entity). In addition, the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees will also determine the Final List of Deliverable Obligations in 
respect of a relevant Auction. Such determination requires the agreement of a Supermajority in order to 
avoid the referral of such matter to the external review process, as further described below. For more 
information about the operation of Auctions, see "Auction Settlement Terms" in Annex B to the Credit 
Linked Provisions. 
External Review 
As described immediately above, certain questions deliberated by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees are subject to an external review process if the required threshold is not met during the 
binding vote held with respect to such question. For such questions, if a Supermajority (or, in the case of 
certain questions, a Majority) fails to resolve such issue following a binding vote, the question will be 
automatically referred to the external review process. Questions that are not eligible for external review 
often require only a Majority to agree in order to reach a DC Resolution. 
Questions referred to external review will be considered by a panel of three independent individuals who 
will be selected by either the unanimous decision of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee or, if such unanimous decision is not reached, by the DC Secretary at random. The default 
duration of the external review process (which can be modified by a Supermajority of the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with the Rules) is twelve business days from the 
referral of the question and contemplates the receipt of both written submissions and oral argument. Any 
member of ISDA may provide written submissions to the external reviewers, which will be made 
available to the public on the website of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, and the 
conclusion reached in accordance with the external review process will be binding on the Holders. In 
instances where the vote of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was less than or 
equal to 60 per cent., the decision of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
determinative unless the majority of the external reviewers agree to overturn the original vote of such 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. However, in instances where the vote of the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was between 60 per cent. and 80 per cent., all three 
external reviewers must agree in order to overturn the vote of such Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee.  
Holders should be aware that the external reviewers may not consider new information that was not 
available to the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee at the time of the binding vote 
and questions may be returned to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee for another vote if 
new information becomes available. In addition, if the external reviewers fail to arrive at a decision for 
any reason, the entire process will be repeated. As a result, the external review process may be elongated 
in certain situations, leaving questions that may materially affect the Holders unresolved for a period of 
time. 
The Composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Subject as provided in the Rules, each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is composed of 
fifteen voting members and three non-voting consultative members. Ten of the voting members are dealer 
institutions, with eight serving across all regions and two potentially varying by region. The other five 
voting members are non-dealer institutions that serve across all regions. The three non-voting 
consultative members consist of one dealer institution and one non-dealer institution that serve across all

--- Page 531 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
518 
regions and one dealer institution that could potentially vary by region. For the first composition of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees only, an additional non-voting dealer institution has been 
selected to serve across all regions. 
Holders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. 
Separate criteria applies with respect to the selection of dealer and non-dealer institutions to serve on the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and the Holders will have no role in establishing such 
criteria. In addition, the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will change 
from time to time in accordance with the Rules, as the term of an institution may expire or an institution 
may be required to be replaced. The Holders will have no control over the process for selecting 
institutions to participate on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and, to the extent 
provided for in the Securities, will be subject to the determinations made by such selected institutions in 
accordance with the Rules. 
Ability of the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates to influence the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a voting member 
on each of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. In such capacity, it may take certain 
actions that may influence the process and outcome of decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees, including (without limitation): (a) agreeing to deliberate a question referred to the DC 
Secretary, (b) voting on the resolution of any question being deliberated by a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and (c) advocating a certain position during the external review process. In 
addition, as a party to Credit Derivatives Transactions which incorporate, or are deemed to incorporate, 
the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions, the Calculation Agent may refer a question to the 
DC Secretary for a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate. In deciding whether to 
take any such action, the Calculation Agent (or its Affiliate) shall be under no obligation to consider the 
interests of any Holder. See "Potential conflicts of interest of the Calculation Agent" below for additional 
information. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest of the Calculation Agent 
Since, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a voting 
member on each of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and is a party to Credit Derivative 
Transactions which incorporate, or are deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions, it may take certain 
actions which may influence the process and outcome of decisions of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. See "Ability of the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates to influence the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees" above for additional information. Such action may be adverse 
to the interests of the Holders and may result in an economic benefit accruing to the Calculation Agent. 
In taking any action relating to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees or performing any 
duty under the Rules, the Calculation Agent shall have no obligation to consider the interests of the 
Holders and may ignore any conflict of interest arising due to its responsibilities under the Securities. 
Holders will have no recourse against either the institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees or the external reviewers. Institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees and the external reviewers, among others, disclaim any duty of care or 
liability arising in connection with the performance of duties or the provision of advice under the Rules, 
except in the case of gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct. Furthermore, the institutions on the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees do not owe any duty to the Holders and the Holders will 
be prevented from pursuing claims with respect to actions taken by such institutions under the Rules.  
Holders should also be aware that institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees have no duty to research or verify the veracity of information on which a specific 
determination is based. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are not obligated 
to follow previous determinations and, therefore, could reach a conflicting determination for a similar 
set of facts.  
Holders shall be responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees, meetings held to deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes will be published 
on the website of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and neither the Issuer, the

--- Page 532 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
519 
Calculation Agent nor any of their respective Affiliates shall be obliged to inform the Holders of such 
information. Failure by the Holders to be aware of information relating to deliberations of a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee will have no effect under the Securities and Holders are solely 
responsible for obtaining any such information. 
Amendments to the Rules 
The Rules may be amended from time to time without the consent or input of the Holders and the powers 
of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may be expanded or modified as a result, in each 
case, in accordance with the Rules.

--- Page 533 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
520 
ANNEX B 
AUCTION SETTLEMENT TERMS 
If an Event Determination Date occurs with respect to a Reference Entity and Auction Settlement applies, 
the Final Redemption Amount with respect to the Securities will be calculated based on the Auction Final 
Price for such Reference Entity (if any). This Annex contains a summary of certain provisions of the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. ("ISDA") on 12 March 2009 as Annex B to the 2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees and Auction Settlement Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (the "Form of Auction Settlement Terms") and is qualified by reference to the detailed 
provisions thereof. This Annex does not form part of the Credit Linked Provisions. The following does 
not purport to be complete and prospective investors must refer to the Form of Auction Settlement Terms 
for detailed information regarding the auction methodology set forth therein (the "Auction 
Methodology"). The Auction and the Auction Methodology apply to credit default swaps on the Reference 
Entity and do not apply specifically to the Securities; however, if an Event Determination Date occurs 
and an Auction is held, the Calculation Agent will apply the Auction Final Price to the Securities. See 
Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction Settlement) in the Credit Linked Provisions. A copy of the Form of 
Auction Settlement Terms is currently available at: 
https://www.isda.org/a/kS6EE/Auction-Settlement-Terms-CLEAN.doc (or any successor page thereto) 
Holders of the Securities should be aware that (i) the Form of Auction Settlement Terms available from 
the above website has not been updated to account for the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as 
published by ISDA and (ii) this summary of the Form of Auction Settlement Terms is accurate only as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and such Form of Auction Settlement Terms may be amended in 
accordance with the Rules (as defined below) at any time (and from time to time) at a later date without 
consultation with the Holders. At any time after the date of this Base Prospectus, the latest Form of 
Auction Settlement Terms will be available on the ISDA website at www.isda.org (or any successor 
website thereto). Further, notwithstanding the fact that the Form of Auction Settlement Terms (as may 
be amended from time to time) appears on the ISDA website, the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees have the power to amend the form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for a 
particular auction and this summary may therefore not be accurate in all cases (for further information 
about the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, see "Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees" at Annex A of the Credit Linked Provisions).  
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this summary have the meaning specified in the Credit Linked 
Provisions. All times of day in this summary refer to such times in New York City.
Publication of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
Pursuant to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by the DC Secretary 
on behalf of ISDA on its website at www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any successor website 
thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof (the 
"Rules"), a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may determine that a Credit Event has 
occurred in respect of a Reference Entity (such entity, an "Affected Reference Entity") and that one or 
more auctions will be held in order to settle affected transactions referencing such Affected Reference 
Entity based upon an Auction Final Price determined according to an auction procedure set forth in the 
Form of Auction Settlement Terms (each, an "Auction"). If an Auction is to be held, the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee will publish Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in 
respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity, based upon the Form of Auction Settlement Terms. In 
doing so, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will make several related determinations, 
including the Auction Date, the Participating Bidders and the supplemental terms that are detailed in 
Schedule 1 to the Form of Auction Settlement Terms. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
may also amend the Form of Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction and may determine that 
a public comment period is necessary in order to effect such an amendment if such amendment is not 
contemplated by the Rules.

--- Page 534 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
521 
Certain matters regarding Auctions following a Restructuring Credit Event 
Following the occurrence of a Credit Event, all Deliverable Obligations of the affected Reference Entity 
tend to trade at the same price. However, in the event of a Restructuring Credit Event, bonds with a 
shorter remaining maturity tend to trade at a higher price than bonds with a longer-dated maturity. If 
either "Mod R" or "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable with respect to a Reference Entity then certain 
maturity limitations in the Mod R and Mod Mod R provisions will apply to limit the maturity of 
Deliverable Obligations based on the maturity of the Securities. 
In cases where settlement of a Credit Derivative Transaction is triggered by Buyer, and Mod R (being 
market standard for Credit Derivative Transactions referencing North American corporate entities to 
which Restructuring is applicable) or Mod Mod R (being market standard for Credit Derivative 
Transactions referencing European corporate entities) is applicable, any obligation which Buyer wishes 
to Deliver to Seller must not only constitute a Deliverable Obligation but must also satisfy additional 
requirements as to transferability (for Mod R, being a Fully Transferable Obligation and for Mod Mod 
R, being a Conditionally Transferable Obligation) and as to its final maturity date. 
(a)
Pursuant to Mod R, Deliverable Obligations must (A) be Transferable (in the case of bonds) or 
capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of any 
person being required and (B) have a final maturity date not later than the applicable 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date. This date is the earlier of: 
(i)
30 months following the Restructuring Date; and 
(ii)
the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan, provided, however, that 
the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date shall not be earlier than the Credit 
Observation End Date. 
(b)
Pursuant to Mod Mod R, Deliverable Obligations must (A) be either Transferable (in the case 
of bonds) or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees without 
the consent of any person required and (B) have a final maturity date not later than the applicable 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date. This date is the later of: 
(i)
the Scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(ii)
120 months following the Restructuring Date. 
Following the determination by a relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee that a 
Restructuring Credit Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity for which either Mod R or Mod 
Mod R is specified, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will compile a Final List of 
Deliverable Obligations and, for each maturity bucket (each, a "Maturity Bucket"), the range of swap 
maturity dates of credit derivative swap transactions assigned to each Maturity Bucket. Broadly speaking, 
eight separate Maturity Buckets have been established for credit default swap transactions for which Mod 
or Mod Mod R is applicable. The first seven such Maturity Buckets will each encompass a maturity 
period that ends, respectively, 2.5 years, 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years, 12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years 
following the Restructuring Date; and the eighth Maturity Bucket will encompass a maturity period 
ending after 20 years following the Restructuring Date (each such ending date, a "Maturity Bucket End 
Date"). The Maturity Bucket to which the Securities will be notionally "assigned" will the one in which 
the Scheduled Maturity Date is expected to fall. 
Deliverable Obligations which are Fully Transferable or Conditionally Transferable, as the case may be, 
and which have a final maturity date on or prior to the relevant Maturity Bucket End Date for the Maturity 
Bucket to which the Securities are assigned will be Deliverable Obligations for the purposes of the 
Maturity Bucket to which the Securities are assigned and for those Maturity Buckets with later Maturity 
Bucket End Dates, if any. 
Following the publication of the Final List, there may be no Auctions held for certain Maturity Buckets, 
either because: (a) there are no Deliverable Obligations that are not common between such buckets with 
a shorter-dated bucket; or (b) the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has determined that an 
Auction for such buckets are not warranted for reasons such as there being a limited notional volume of 
credit derivative transactions with maturities falling within such buckets. If at least 300 credit derivative 
transactions are triggered after a Restructuring Credit Event determination with respect to a given

--- Page 535 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
522 
maturity bucket which would be likely to be covered by a single set of Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms and five or more credit derivative dealers are parties to such transactions (or, otherwise, 
if the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee so determines), an Auction will be held for such 
maturity bucket. 
Where there are no Deliverable Obligations that such Maturity Buckets do not share with a shorter-dated 
Maturity Bucket, the relevant Auction for the purposes of the Securities will be the next earlier Maturity 
Bucket that does not suffer from the same lack of Deliverable Obligations. 
If no Auction is to be held for the Maturity Bucket corresponding to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the 
Securities, the Calculation Agent may, in its sole discretion, determine that the Auction Final Price should 
be determined pursuant to another Auction, in respect of the next earlier Maturity Bucket for which an 
Auction is being held, by exercising the Movement Option. The Auction will take place no earlier than 
six business days following the relevant Exercise Cut-off Date. If the Calculation Agent does not exercise 
the Movement Option, the Securities will be settled in accordance with the Cash Settlement Method. 
Auction Methodology 
Determining the Auction Currency Rate 
On the Auction Currency Fixing Date, the Administrators will determine the rate of conversion (each, 
an "Auction Currency Rate") as between the Relevant Currency and the currency of denomination of 
each Deliverable Obligation (each, a "Relevant Pairing") by reference to a Currency Rate Source or, if 
such Currency Rate Source is unavailable, by seeking mid-market rates of conversion from Participating 
Bidders (determined by each such Participating Bidder in a commercially reasonable manner) for each 
such Relevant Pairing. If rates of conversion are sought from Participating Bidders and more than three 
such rates are obtained by the Administrators, the Auction Currency Rate will be the arithmetic mean of 
such rates, without regard to the rates having the highest and lowest values. If exactly three rates are 
obtained, the Auction Currency Rate will be the rate remaining after disregarding the rates having the 
highest and lowest values. For this purpose, if more than one rate has the same highest or lowest value, 
then one of such rates shall be disregarded. If fewer than three rates are obtained, it will be deemed that 
the Auction Currency Rate cannot be determined for such Relevant Pairing. 
Initial Bidding Period 
During the Initial Bidding Period, Participating Bidders will submit to the Administrators: (a) Initial 
Market Bids; (b) Initial Market Offers; (c) Dealer Physical Settlement Requests; and (d) Customer 
Physical Settlement Requests (to the extent received from customers). 
Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers are firm quotations, expressed as percentages, to enter into 
credit derivative transactions in respect of the Affected Reference Entity on terms equivalent to the 
Representative Auction-Settled Transaction. 
The Initial Market Bid and Initial Market Offer submitted by each Participating Bidder must differ by no 
more than the Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread of par and must be an integral multiple of the 
Relevant Pricing Increment. The Initial Market Bid must be less than the Initial Market Offer. 
Dealer Physical Settlement Requests and Customer Physical Settlement Requests are firm commitments, 
submitted by a Participating Bidder, on its own behalf or on behalf of a customer, as applicable, to enter 
into a Representative Auction-Settled Transaction, in each case, as seller (in which case, such 
commitment will be a "Physical Settlement Buy Request") or buyer (in which case, such commitment 
will be a "Physical Settlement Sell Request"). Each Dealer Physical Settlement Request must be, to the 
best of such Participating Bidder's knowledge and belief, in the same direction as, and not in excess of, 
its Market Position. Each Customer Physical Settlement Request must be, to the best of the relevant 
customer's knowledge and belief (aggregated with all Customer Physical Settlement Requests submitted 
by such customer), in the same direction as, and not in excess of, its Market Position. 
If the Administrators do not receive valid Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers from at least a 
minimum number of Participating Bidders (as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant 
Affected Reference Entity), the timeline will be adjusted and the Initial Bidding Period extended, with

--- Page 536 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
523 
the Auction recommencing at such time(s) specified by the Administrators, otherwise it will proceed as 
follows. 
Determination of Open Interest, Initial Market Midpoint and Adjustment Amounts 
The Administrators will calculate the Open Interest, the Initial Market Midpoint and any Adjustment 
Amounts in respect of the Auction. 
The Open Interest is the difference between all Physical Settlement Sell Requests and all Physical 
Settlement Buy Requests. 
To determine the Initial Market Midpoint, the Administrators will: (a) sort the Initial Market Bids in 
descending order and the Initial Market Offers in ascending order, identifying non-tradable markets for 
which bids are lower than offers; (b) sort non-tradable markets in terms of tightness of spread between 
Initial Market Bid and Initial Market Offer; and (c) identify that half of the non-tradable markets with 
the tightest spreads. The Initial Market Midpoint is determined as the arithmetic mean of the Initial 
Market Bids and Initial Market Offers contained in the half of non-tradable markets with the tightest 
spreads. 
Any Participating Bidder whose Initial Market Bid or Initial Market Offer forms part of a tradable market 
will be required to make a payment to ISDA on the third Business Day after the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date (an "Adjustment Amount"), calculated in accordance with the Auction 
Methodology. Any payments of Adjustment Amounts shall be used by ISDA to defray any costs related 
to any auction that ISDA has coordinated, or that ISDA will in the future coordinate, for purposes of 
settlement of credit derivative transactions. 
If for any reason no single Initial Market Midpoint can be determined, the procedure set out above may 
be repeated. 
At or prior to the Initial Bidding Information Publication Time on any day on which the Initial Bidding 
Period has successfully concluded, the Administrators publish the Open Interest, the Initial Market 
Midpoint and the details of any Adjustment Amounts in respect of the Auction. 
If the Open Interest is zero, the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint. 
Submission of Limit Order Submissions 
In the event that the Open Interest does not equal zero, a subsequent bidding period will be commenced 
during the Initial Bidding Period which: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, 
Participating Bidders submit Limit Bids; or (b) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable 
Obligations, Limit Offers, in each case, on behalf of customers and for their own account. 
Matching bids and offers 
If the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will match the Open 
Interest against all Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as further described in the Auction 
Methodology. If the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will 
match the Open Interest against all Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids, as further described in the Auction 
Methodology. 
(a)
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Filled 
The Auction Final Price will be the price associated with the matched market that is the highest 
offer or the lowest bid, as applicable, provided that: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell 
and the price associated with the lowest matched bid is more than the Cap Amount higher than 
the Initial Market Midpoint, then the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint 
plus the Cap Amount; and (b) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase and the price associated 
with the highest offer is more than the Cap Amount lower than the Initial Market Midpoint, then 
the Auction Final Price will be the Initial market Midpoint minus the Cap Amount.

--- Page 537 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
524 
(b)
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Not Filled 
If, once all the Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids or Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as 
applicable, have been matched to the Open Interest, part of the Open Interest remains, the 
Auction Final Price will be: (a) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, 
the greater of (i) 100 per cent. and (ii) the highest Limit Offer or Initial Market Offer received; 
or (b) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, zero. 
100 per cent. Cap to Auction Final Price 
In all cases, if the Auction Final Price determined pursuant to the Auction Methodology is greater than 
100 per cent., then the Auction Final Price will be deemed to be 100 per cent. 
Publication of Auction Final Price 
At or prior to the Subsequent Bidding Information Publication Time on any day on which the subsequent 
bidding period has successfully concluded, the Administrators will publish on their websites: (a) the 
Auction Final Price; (b) the names of the Participating Bidders who submitted bids, offers, valid Dealer 
Physical Settlement Requests and valid Customer Physical Settlement Requests, together with the details 
of all such bids and offers submitted by each; and (c) the details and size of all matched trades. 
Execution of Trades Formed in the Auction 
Each Participating Bidder whose Limit Bid or Initial Market Bid (or Limit Offer or Initial Market Offer 
if applicable) is matched against the Open Interest, and each Participating Bidder that submitted a 
Customer Physical Settlement Request or Dealer Physical Settlement Request, is deemed to have entered 
into a Representative Auction-Settled Transaction, and each customer that submitted such a Limit Bid, 
Limit Offer, or Physical Settlement Request is deemed to have entered into a Representative Auction-
Settled Transaction with the dealer through whom the customer submitted such bid or offer. Accordingly, 
each such Participating Bidder or customer that is a seller of Deliverable Obligations pursuant to a trade 
formed in the auction must deliver to the buyer to whom such Participating Bidder or customer has been 
matched a Notice of Physical Settlement indicating the Deliverable Obligations that it will deliver, and 
such Deliverable Obligations will be sold to the buyer in exchange for payment of the relevant Auction 
Final Price. 
Timing of Auction Settlement Provisions 
If an Auction is held in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, it is expected that the relevant Auction 
Date will occur on the third Business Day immediately prior to the 30th calendar day after which the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee received the request from an eligible market 
participant (endorsed by a member of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee) to 
resolve whether a Credit Event has occurred with respect to such Reference Entity. 
In respect of an Affected Reference Entity for which an Auction is held, the Auction Settlement Date 
will occur on a Business Day following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, as determined by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity (or if not specified in such Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, the third Business Day following the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date). 
The expected timeline is illustrated in the diagram below. Holders should be aware that the expected 
timeline is subject to amendment (and may be subject to acceleration or delay) upon agreement by at 
least 80 per cent. (by number) of the voting members of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee.

--- Page 538 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
525 
Auction Timeline 
Delayed Auction Provisions 
The Auction timing may be adjusted under the relevant following circumstances: (a) the occurrence of 
an event or news the occurrence of which two or more Participating Bidders consider has or could have 
a material effect on the Auction Final Price; (b) if the Administrators are unable to determine an Auction 
Currency Rate on the Auction Currency Fixing Date with respect to each Relevant Pairing; (c) if the 
Auction Methodology does not result in an Auction Final Price for any reason (including, but not limited 
to, the failure to receive the minimum number of valid Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers); or 
(d) any combination of (a), (b) and (c). 
Auction Cancellation 
If an Auction Final Price has not been determined on or prior to: (a) the fifth Business Day following the 
Auction Date, in the events described in clause (a) or (d) of "Delayed Auction Provisions" above; or (b) 
the second Business Day following the Auction Date, in the events described in clause (b) or (c) of 
"Delayed Auction Provisions" above, then the Auction will be deemed to have been cancelled and the 
Administrators and ISDA will announce the occurrence of such cancellation on their respective websites. 
Ability of the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates to influence the outcome of the Auction 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a leading dealer 
in the credit derivatives market. There is a high probability that the Calculation Agent (or one of its 
Affiliates) would act as a Participating Bidder in any Auction held with respect to the Reference Entity. 
In such capacity, it may take certain actions which may influence the Auction Final Price including 
(without limitation): (a) providing rates of conversion to determine the Auction Currency Rate; (b) 
30 calendar days minus 3 Business Days **
Maximum 40 hours 
10 calendar days 
Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee 
considers question
Convene Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee*
ISDA, as secretary, 
determines relevant 
Transaction Type
Eligible market participant requests meeting in 
writing, endorsed by a voting member of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee
Credit 
Event 
Auction Resolution
Publication of Final List of 
Deliverable Obligations
Publication of Draft 
Auction Settlement Terms
Auction Date
X Business 
Days***
3 Business 
Days 
Auction Settlement Date
Maturity Date 
* If a binding vote was not held by email. 
** Can be amended by majority vote of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
***This assumes that the Auction Final Price is determined on the Auction Date (see "Delayed Auction 
Provisions" and "Auction Cancellation"). Where X" is a number of Business Days determined by the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity. 
Timeline subject to amendment by 80% vote of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.

--- Page 539 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
526 
submitting Initial Market Bids, Initial Market Offers and Dealer Physical Settlement Requests; and (c) 
submitting limit Bids and Limit Offers. In deciding whether to take any such action (or whether to act as 
a Participating Bidder in any Auction), the Calculation Agent (or its Affiliate) shall be under no 
obligation to consider the interests of any Holder. 
Certain Definitions 
"Administrators" means both Markit Group Limited and Creditex Securities Corp., acting together, or 
such other entities as may be appointed to perform the role of the Administrators by ISDA from time to 
time. 
"Auction Covered Transactions" means all credit derivative transactions referencing the Affected 
Reference Entity which satisfy the criteria set forth in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity, including in respect of the provisions in such credit 
derivative transactions that set forth the criteria for establishing what obligations may constitute 
Deliverable Obligations (or, in the case of a cash settled credit derivative transaction, the provisions 
therein that set forth the criteria for establishing what obligations may be valued to determine a final 
price). 
"Auction Currency Fixing Date" means, with respect to a relevant transaction type included in: (a) the 
Americas, the business day prior to the Auction Date; and (b) any other region, two business days prior 
to the Auction Date; and in each case as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected 
Reference Entity. 
"Auction Date" means the date on which the relevant Auction will be held, as determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" means the day, if any, on which the Auction Final Price is 
determined. 
"Auction Settlement Date" means a Business Day following the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date, as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity. 
"Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally 
open to settle payments in, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Affected Reference Entity is included 
in: (a) the Americas, New York; and (b) otherwise, London. 
"Cap Amount" means the percentage that is equal to one half of the Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer 
Spread (rounded to the nearest Relevant Pricing Increment). 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4.00 p.m. 
(London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee. 
"Initial Bidding Information Publication Time" has the meaning determined by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect 
of the relevant Affected Reference Entity. 
"Initial Bidding Period" means the period initially determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant 
Affected Reference Entity, as such period may be extended by the Administrators, inter alia, to preserve 
the integrity of an Auction. 
"Market Position" means, with respect to a Participating Bidder or customer, as applicable, the 
aggregate amount of Deliverable Obligations that the relevant Participating Bidder or customer, as 
applicable, would have to buy or sell in order to obtain an identical risk profile after the Auction 
Settlement Date compared to its risk profile prior to the Auction Settlement Date with respect to all 
Auction Covered Transactions (excluding those Auction Covered Transactions for which the trade date 
is the Auction Final Price Determination Date) and all Auction-Linked Cash Settled Transactions to

--- Page 540 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
527 
which such Participating Bidder, or any affiliate of such Participating Bidder, as applicable, or such 
customer, or any affiliate of such customer, as applicable, is a party and to which every other party is an 
Auction Party, such risk profile to be determined without regard to whether the original transactions were 
documented as cash settled or physically settled transactions. 
"Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread" means the percentage determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity. 
"Participating Bidders" means the institutions that will act as participating bidders in the Auction. 
"Relevant Pricing Increment" has the meaning determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant 
Affected Reference Entity. 
"Representative Auction-Settled Transaction" means an hypothetical single-name, physically settled 
credit default swap transaction referencing the Affected Reference Entity with the standard terms 
specified in the Form of Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Subsequent Bidding Information Publication Time" has the meaning determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity.

--- Page 541 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
528 
FUND LINKED PROVISIONS 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days .......................................................................................... 528 
1.1 
Single Fund and Reference Dates ............................................................................... 528 
1.2 
Single Fund and Averaging Dates .............................................................................. 528 
1.3 
Fund Basket and Reference Dates .............................................................................. 529 
1.4 
Fund Basket and Averaging Dates .............................................................................. 530 
2. 
Fallback Valuation Date ........................................................................................................ 531 
3. 
Correction of Prices ............................................................................................................... 532 
4. 
Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events ...................................................................... 532 
5. 
Consequences of Fund Events ............................................................................................... 532 
6. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events  .................................................................... 534 
7. 
Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events .................................................................................................................................... 534 
8. 
Adjustments to Securities linked to Fund Shares of a Fund in European Currencies  ........... 537 
9. 
Hedging arrangements in relation to the Securities................................................................ 537 
10. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................. 537 
These Fund Linked Provisions shall apply to Securities for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
these Fund Linked Provisions are applicable. 
1.
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1
Single Fund and Reference Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a single Fund Share of a Fund (and if the Issue Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such Reference 
Dates only), and if the Calculation Agent determines that any Reference Date is a Disrupted Day, then 
the Reference Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that the Calculation Agent 
determines is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a)
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for the Fund Share of 
such Fund as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, and such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (b) shall be deemed to be the 
Closing Fund Price in respect of the Reference Date. 
1.2
Single Fund and Averaging Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a single Fund Share of a Fund, and if the Calculation Agent determines 
that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, in the relevant Issue Terms the consequence specified 
is: 
(a)
"Omission", then the Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date, 
provided that, if through the operation of this provision there would be no Averaging Dates then 
the sole Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day following the final 
Scheduled Averaging Date that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day, unless 
the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal 
in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following such final Scheduled 
Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case:

--- Page 542 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
529 
(i)
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the sole Averaging 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(ii)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for the Fund 
Share of such Fund as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day, and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) 
shall be deemed to be the Closing Fund Price in respect of the sole Averaging Date; 
(b)
"Postponement", then the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
following the Scheduled Averaging Date that the Calculation Agent determines is not a 
Disrupted Day (irrespective of whether that deferred Averaging Date is already or is deemed to 
be another Averaging Date), unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(i)
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already or is 
deemed to be another Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day); and 
(ii)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for the Fund 
Share of such Fund as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day, and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) 
shall be deemed to be the Closing Fund Price in respect of the relevant Averaging Date; 
or 
(c)
"Modified Postponement", then the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. 
If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the final Scheduled Averaging Date, then: 
(i)
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already or is 
deemed to be another Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day); and 
(ii)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for the Fund 
Share of such Fund as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day, and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) 
shall be deemed to be the Closing Fund Price in respect of the relevant Averaging Date. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, if in the 
relevant Issue Terms no consequence is specified, then, it shall be deemed that the consequence 
specified in "Modified Postponement" will apply. 
1.3
Fund Basket and Reference Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Fund Shares of one or more Funds (and if the Issue Terms 
specify that this provision shall apply to one or more particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall 
apply to such Reference Dates only), and if the Calculation Agent determines that any Reference Date is 
a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a)
the Reference Date for each Fund Share of each Fund which the Calculation Agent determines 
is not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Reference Date; and 
(b)
the Reference Date for each Fund Share of a Fund which the Calculation Agent determines is 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day relating to that Fund Share, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Reference Date is a Disrupted Day relating to that Fund Share of such Fund. In that case:

--- Page 543 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
530 
(i)
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Date 
for such Fund Share of such Fund, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day; and 
(ii)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for the Fund 
Share of such Fund as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day, and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) 
shall be deemed to be the Closing Fund Price for such Fund Share of such Fund in respect 
of the Reference Date. 
1.4
Fund Basket and Averaging Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Fund Shares of one or more Funds, and if the Calculation Agent 
determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, in the relevant Issue Terms the consequence 
specified is: 
(a)
"Omission", then:  
(i)
the Averaging Date for each Fund Share of each Fund which the Calculation Agent 
determines is not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Averaging Date;  
(ii)
the Averaging Date for each Fund Share of a Fund which the Calculation Agent 
determines is affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day will be deemed not to be an 
Averaging Date, provided that, if through the operation of this provision there would be 
no Averaging Date for such Fund Share of such Fund, then the sole Averaging Date for 
each Fund Share of each Fund which the Calculation Agent determines is affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
following the final Scheduled Averaging Date that the Calculation Agent determines is 
not a Disrupted Day relating to that Fund Share of a Fund, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the final Scheduled Averaging 
Date is a Disrupted Day relating to that Fund Share of that Fund. In that case: 
(A)
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the sole 
Averaging Date for such Fund Share of such Fund, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(B)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such 
Fund Share of such Fund as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day, and such determination by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be the Closing Fund Price for 
such Fund Share of such Fund in respect of the sole Averaging Date; 
(b)
"Postponement", then: 
(i)
the Averaging Date for each Fund Share of each Fund which the Calculation Agent 
determines is not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Averaging Date; and 
(ii)
the Averaging Date for each Fund Share of a Fund which the Calculation Agent 
determines is affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date that the Calculation 
Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day relating to such Fund Share of that Fund 
(irrespective of whether that deferred Averaging Date is or is deemed to be another 
Averaging Date), unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day relating to such 
Fund Share of such Fund. In that case: 
(A)
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be such Averaging 
Date for such Fund Share of such Fund (irrespective of whether that last

--- Page 544 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
531 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already or is deemed to be another 
Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day); and 
(B)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such 
Fund Share of such Fund as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day, and such determination by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Fund 
Price for such Fund Share of such Fund in respect of the relevant Averaging Date; 
or 
(c)
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(i)
the Averaging Date for each Fund Share of each Fund which the Calculation Agent 
determines is not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Averaging Date; and 
(ii)
the Averaging Date for each Fund Share of a Fund which the Calculation Agent 
determines is affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Valid Date relating to that Fund Share. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred 
as of the relevant Valuation Time on the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day equal 
in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the final 
Scheduled Averaging Date: 
(A)
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging 
Date for such Fund Share of such Fund (irrespective of whether that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already or is deemed to be another 
Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day); and 
(B)
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such 
Fund Share of such Fund as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day, and such determination by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be the Closing Fund Price for 
such Fund Share of such Fund in respect of the relevant Averaging Date. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, if in the 
relevant Issue Terms no consequence is specified, then, it shall be deemed that the consequence 
specified in "Modified Postponement" will apply. 
2.
Fallback Valuation Date 
Notwithstanding any other terms of the Fund Linked Provisions, if a Fallback Valuation Date is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable to any Reference Date or Averaging Date (any such date 
being, a "Relevant Date"), and if: 
(a)
following adjustment of the original date on which such Relevant Date is scheduled to fall 
pursuant to either or both of Fund Linked Provision 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) or 
Fund Linked Provision 10 (Definitions), the Relevant Date in respect of a Fund Share of a Fund 
would otherwise fall after the Fallback Valuation Date in respect of such Fund Share of such 
Fund; or 
(b)
the Maximum Days of Disruption for the Relevant Date is specified to be "Zero" or "None", 
then the Fallback Valuation Date for such Reference Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, shall 
be deemed to be the Relevant Date for such Fund Share of such Fund. If the Fallback Valuation Date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day relating to such Fund Share of that Fund, as the case 
may be, then the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such Fund 
Share of such Fund as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Fallback Valuation Date and such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this Fund Linked Provision 2 shall be deemed to be 
the relevant Closing Fund Price for such Fund Share of such Fund in respect of the Relevant Date.

--- Page 545 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
532 
3.
Correction of Prices 
In the event that any price of a Fund Share of a Fund which is utilised for any calculation or determination 
in connection with the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by such Fund 
by the second Business Day prior to the next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have 
to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Securities 
may have to be made, then the Calculation Agent may determine the amount that is payable or deliverable 
or make any determination in connection with the Securities after taking into account such correction, 
and, to the extent necessary, may adjust any relevant terms of the Securities to account for such correction 
(for the avoidance of doubt, in order to preserve as nearly as practicable the original economic objective 
and rationale of the Securities).  
On making any such adjustment(s) or determination(s), the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon 
as practicable to the Holders stating the relevant correction of prices and the subsequent adjustments, if 
any, to the relevant terms of the Securities, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect 
the validity of such determination or adjustment or any action taken by the Issuer or Calculation Agent 
in respect of the Securities. 
4.
Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred in respect of a Fund 
Share of a Fund, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a 
diluting or concentrative effect on such Fund Share, and if so, the Calculation Agent will: 
(a)
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to one or more of any variables relevant to the 
exercise, settlement, payment or other terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect in order to preserve 
as nearly as practicable the original economic objective and rationale of the Securities (provided 
that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends 
or liquidity relative to the Fund Shares of such Fund, as applicable); and 
(b)
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustments. 
The Calculation Agent shall give one or more notices as soon as practicable to the Holders upon the 
Calculation Agent (i) determining the occurrence of such Potential Adjustment Event including to give 
brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event, and (ii) making the relevant adjustments, specifying the 
relevant adjustments made to any amount payable under the Securities and/or any of the other relevant 
terms, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the Potential 
Adjustment Event or any action taken by the Issuer or Calculation Agent in respect of the Securities.  
5.
Consequences of Fund Events 
If a Fund Event has occurred in relation to a Fund Share of a Fund (in any such case, an "Affected 
Fund"), the following consequences shall apply and in the following order: 
(a)
First, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to the exercise, settlement, payment or 
any other terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for 
the effect on the Securities of such Fund Event in order to preserve as nearly as practicable the 
original economic objective and rationale of the Securities, and determine the effective date of 
such adjustments.  
(b)
Second, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustments to the terms of the Securities 
under Fund Linked Provision 5(a) will achieve a commercially reasonable result, and:  
(i)
if the relevant Issue Terms specify a Pre-selected Replacement Fund, and:  
(A)
provided that, in relation to a Pre-selected Replacement Fund, as of the date of 
occurrence of the Fund Event and as at (or immediately prior to) the Fund 
Substitution Date, the Pre-selected Replacement Fund has not been liquidated, 
dissolved or otherwise discontinued and is not subject to a Disruption Event, then 
the Calculation Agent shall determine to replace the Affected Fund with such Pre-
selected Replacement Fund (and, where the Securities relate to a basket of Fund

--- Page 546 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
533 
Shares of one or more Funds, determine the weighting as applicable to such Pre-
selected Replacement Fund, including to determine the relevant Fund 
Substitution Date; or 
(B)
if such Pre-selected Replacement Fund has been liquidated, dissolved or 
otherwise discontinued or is subject to a Disruption Event, and: 
(I)
the relevant Issue Terms specify "Cash Index" to be applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine to replace the Affected Fund with the 
Cash Index, including to determine the relevant Cash Index Substitution 
Date; or 
(II)
the relevant Issue Terms specify "Cash Index" to be not applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall select one or more Potential Replacement 
Underlying(s) to replace the Affected Fund, including to determine the 
Fund Substitution Date. 
In selecting the Potential Replacement Underlying(s), the Calculation Agent shall 
take into consideration the following characteristics of the Potential Replacement 
Underlying(s) (and any others it considers relevant) in relation to the Affected 
Fund in order to most closely replicate the Affected Fund: 
(1)
investment objectives; 
(2)
currency; 
(3)
economic sectors and geographical regions; 
(4)
portfolio diversification; and 
(5)
size; or 
(ii)
if no Pre-selected Replacement Fund is (or are) specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
and: 
(A)
the relevant Issue Terms specify "Cash Index" to be applicable, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine to replace the Affected Fund with the Cash Index, 
including to determine the relevant Cash Index Substitution Date; or 
(B)
the relevant Issue Terms specify "Cash Index" to be not applicable, then Fund 
Linked Provision 5(b)(i)(B)(II) above shall apply. 
Following any such determination and replacement pursuant this Fund Linked Provision 5(b), 
the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment to any variable, calculation methodology, 
valuation, exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities as the Calculation 
Agent determines appropriate to account for the effect on the Securities of such determination 
and replacement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the manner in which the Securities shall 
be redeemed, any amount payable on redemption and/or whether any asset is to be delivered 
(and, if so, the amount thereof) on redemption) in order to preserve as nearly as practicable the 
original economic objective and rationale of the Securities.  
(c)
Third, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustments to the terms of the Securities 
under Fund Linked Provision 5(a) will achieve a commercially reasonable result and, further, it 
is unable to, or determines that it is not commercially practicable to, or does not for any other 
reason, select a Replacement Underlying(s) or a Cash Index, as the case may be, in accordance 
with Fund Linked Provision 5(b), it shall notify the Issuer and the Holders that the relevant 
consequence shall be the early redemption of the Securities by the Issuer on a date determined 
by the Calculation Agent, in which event the Securities shall be redeemed by the Issuer by 
payment to each Holder in respect of each Security of an amount equal to the Early Payment 
Amount (as defined in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment 
Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which

--- Page 547 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
534 
resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted) and payment shall be made on such date as 
selected by the Calculation Agent. 
The Calculation Agent shall give one or more notices as soon as practicable to the Holders upon the 
Calculation Agent (i) determining the occurrence of such Fund Event including to give brief details of 
such Fund Event, and (ii) making the relevant adjustments, replacements or determinations, specifying 
the relevant adjustments made to any amount payable under the Securities, the relevant replacement 
and/or any of the other relevant terms, provided that any failure to given such notice shall not affect the 
validity of the Fund Event or any action taken by the Issuer or Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Securities. 
6.
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events  
If an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, then the Calculation Agent may: 
(a)
make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities 
as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the effect on the Securities of 
such Additional Disruption Events in order to preserve as nearly as practicable the original 
economic objective and rationale of the Securities (including adjustments to account for changes 
in volatility, expected dividends or liquidity relevant to the Fund Shares of the relevant Fund or 
to the Securities, as applicable) and determine the effective date of the relevant adjustments. 
The Calculation Agent shall give one or more notices as soon as practicable to the Holders upon 
the Calculation Agent (i) determining the occurrence of such Additional Disruption Adjustment 
Event including to give brief details of such Additional Disruption Event, and (ii) making the 
relevant adjustments, specifying the relevant adjustments made to any amount payable under 
the Securities and/or any of the other relevant terms, provided that any failure to give such notice 
shall not affect the validity of the Additional Disruption Event or any action taken by the Issuer 
or Calculation Agent in respect of the Securities; or 
(b)
determine that no adjustments to the terms of the Securities would achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, on giving notice to the Issuer and the Holders that the Securities as soon as 
practicable, in which event the Securities shall be redeemed by the Issuer by payment to each 
Holder in respect of each Security of an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined 
in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early 
Payment Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early 
redemption)" shall be deleted) and payment shall be made on such date as selected by the 
Calculation Agent. 
7.
Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events 
If an Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and/or an In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event has occurred in 
respect of the Fund Shares of a Fund (the "Relevant Fund Share") and both (a) (i) in the case of the 
occurrence of an Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event, such event continues to subsist as of the second 
Business Day prior to a Relevant Payment Date (such day, the "Payment Cut-off Date") and/or (ii) in 
the case of the occurrence of an In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event, a Hypothetical Investor is not able 
(or would not be able) to realise and receive in full and in cash an amount equal to the proceeds of sale 
of all outstanding In-kind Redemption Proceeds in respect of the Relevant Fund Share on the Payment 
Cut-off Date and (b) the amount payable on the Securities on the Relevant Payment Date (such amount, 
the "Relevant Payment Amount") is linked (in whole or in material part) to the performance of the 
Relevant Fund Shares, then:  
(A)
the Relevant Payment Amount payable on the Relevant Payment Date shall be reduced 
by an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to take into account the amount of 
the Unpaid Redemption Proceeds and/or In-kind Redemption Proceeds as of the Payment 
Cut-off Date (for the avoidance of doubt, the amount so payable on the Relevant Payment 
Date may be reduced to zero, if so determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the terms of this paragraph); and 
(B)
the amount by which the Relevant Payment Amount has been reduced in accordance 
with paragraph (A) immediately above (such amount, the "Unpaid Relevant Payment

--- Page 548 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
535 
Amount") shall be payable on the date falling two Business Days after the later of (I) in 
the case of the occurrence of an Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event, the day on which 
the Calculation Agent determines that such event has ceased to occur and (II) in the case 
of the occurrence of an In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event, the day on which the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Hypothetical Investor holding Relevant Fund Shares 
would be able to realise and receive in full and in cash an amount equal to the proceeds 
of sale for all outstanding In-kind Redemption Proceeds in respect of the Relevant Fund 
Shares (or such day falling around such date as may be determined by the Calculation 
Agent and notified to the Holders) (such date, the "Extended Relevant Payment Date"), 
provided that: 
(x) 
if, after the Payment Cut-off Date and before the Extended Relevant Payment 
Date, (1) in the case of the occurrence of an Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event, 
a Hypothetical Investor holding the Relevant Fund Shares receives (or would 
receive) any Cash Redemption Proceeds (in addition to those received or 
receivable on the Payment Event Cut-off Date, and following any further payment 
made under this sub-paragraph (x)) and/or (2) in the case of the occurrence of an 
In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event, a Hypothetical Investor holding the 
Relevant Fund Shares receives (or would receive) any Cash Redemption Proceeds 
and/or realises (or would be able to realise) any In-kind Redemption Proceeds in 
respect of the Relevant Fund Share (in addition to those received or receivable on 
the Payment Event Cut-off Date, and following any further payment made under 
this sub-paragraph (i)), the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall 
make further payment of some or all of the then Outstanding Unpaid Relevant 
Payment Amount as soon as reasonably practicable to reflect such Cash 
Redemption Proceeds received and/or In-kind Redemption Proceeds realised by 
such Hypothetical Investor; and 
(y) 
notwithstanding anything else, in the event that (1) in the case of the occurrence 
of an Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event, such event continues to subsist on the 
Redemption Cut-off Date and/or (2) in the case of the occurrence of an In-kind 
Redemption Proceeds Event, any In-kind Redemption Proceeds in respect of the 
Relevant Fund Shares remain unrealised on the Redemption Cut-off Date, then 
the Extended Relevant Payment Date shall be deemed to fall on the Redemption 
Cut-off Date, and any then Outstanding Unpaid Relevant Payment Amount shall 
be deemed to be reduced to zero without any amount being paid and no further 
amounts shall be due to the Holder in respect thereof (and, if the Relevant 
Payment Date was the Maturity Date, the Redemption Date or the Settlement 
Date, as is applicable to the Securities, the Securities will be deemed to be fully 
redeemed or settled, as applicable, on such date with no further action); and  
(z) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the above adjustment and/or 
payments will not achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation 
Agent shall make such other adjustments to any variable, calculation 
methodology, valuation, redemption or settlement payment or other term of the 
Conditions of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for such Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and/or In-kind Redemption 
Proceeds Event; and 
(C)
the Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the Holders of the relevant 
Securities of the occurrence of such Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and/or In-kind 
Redemption Proceeds Event together with any adjustments, calculations or payments 
made in accordance with the terms of paragraphs (A) and (B) immediately above on or 
around such time and on each adjustment or payment made, provided that any failure to 
give any such notice shall not affect the validity of any action taken by the Issuer or 
Calculation Agent in respect of the Securities. 
A Holder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, on the Securities in the 
event of any delay which may occur in the payment of any amounts due and payable under the Securities 
as a result of the operation of this Fund Linked Provision 7, and no liability in respect thereof shall attach 
to the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 549 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
536 
For the purposes of the above, the following terms have the following meanings: 
"Cash Redemption Proceeds" means, in respect of any Fund Shares of a Fund and any day (or, 
where such day is not a Fund Redemption Proceeds Date, the most recent Fund Redemption 
Proceeds Date), the amount of redemption proceeds per such Fund Share paid (or which the 
Calculation Agent determines would be paid) in cash by or on behalf of such Fund on the Fund 
Redemption Proceeds Date in respect of the relevant Fund Redemption Date to a Hypothetical 
Investor holding such Fund Shares of such Fund and who redeems such Fund Shares on such 
day. Such amount shall be determined after deducting (a) any and all relevant fees, hold-backs 
(including without limitation, and by way of example only, contingency reserves or amounts 
held back until after completion of the Fund's annual audit) or other deductions that the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Fund would impose on the Hypothetical Investor's 
subscription and/or redemption from the Fund (including, without limitation, subscription and 
redemption fees), and (b) any charges, fees, taxes, levies, penalties and/or any other similar costs 
or expenses (howsoever described) that the Calculation Agent determines that the Hypothetical 
Investor would incur or otherwise bear in holding, subscribing, redeeming or otherwise 
transacting in any shares of the Fund (without duplication, in the case of clauses (a) and (b) 
above, of any costs, charges, fees and expenses taken into account in determining the relevant 
NAV). 
"Fund Redemption Date" means, in respect of any Fund Shares of a Fund , the redemption 
date in respect of such Fund scheduled by the relevant Management Company for the 
redemption of the Fund Shares of such Fund at the NAV observed by the Calculation Agent for 
the relevant Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Fund Redemption Proceeds Date" means, in respect of any Fund Shares of a Fund and any 
relevant Fund Redemption Date, the date on which any Hypothetical Investor holding such Fund 
Shares of such Fund, who has redeemed its Fund Shares on such Fund Redemption Date, should 
have received the proceeds of such redemption in full and in cash as specified in the Fund 
Offering Documents in place as at the Fund Determination Date. 
"In-kind Redemption Proceeds" means, in respect of any Fund Shares of a Fund and any 
relevant day (or, where such day is not a Fund Redemption Proceeds Date, the most recent Fund 
Redemption Proceeds Date), any in-kind distribution per such Fund Share in full or part 
satisfaction of the Payable Redemption Proceeds made (or which would be made) by or on 
behalf of such Fund on such day to a Hypothetical Investor holding the relevant Fund Shares of 
such Fund redeeming such Fund Shares on the relevant Fund Redemption Date (the occurrence 
of such event being an "In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event").  
"Outstanding Unpaid Relevant Payment Amount" means, on any day, an amount equal to 
the Unpaid Relevant Payment Amount less any further amounts paid by the Issuer pursuant to 
Fund Linked Provision 7(B)(x) prior to such day in respect of such Unpaid Relevant Payment 
Amount (or subsequent related Outstanding Unpaid Relevant Payment Amount). 
"Payable Redemption Proceeds" means, in respect of any Fund Shares of a Fund and any day 
(or, where such day is not a Fund Redemption Proceeds Date, the most recent Fund Redemption 
Proceeds Date), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be the amount of redemption 
proceeds per such Fund Share of such Fund which should have been paid by such Fund (or any 
other entity on its behalf) to any Hypothetical Investor redeeming any Fund Shares of such Fund 
on the relevant Fund Redemption Date (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, 
suspensions or other provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption in full).  
"Redemption Cut-off Date" means the date falling 1 calendar year after the Relevant Payment 
Date. 
"Relevant Payment Date" means the Maturity Date, the Exercise Date, the Redemption Date, 
the Settlement Date, a Coupon Payment Date or any other date on which the Securities may be 
exercised or redeemed or any other amounts in respect of the relevant Securities which would 
otherwise be due and payable or deliverable but for the occurrence of the Unpaid Redemption 
Proceeds Event and/or the In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event (and the definition of "Relevant 
Payment Date" in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions) shall not apply).

--- Page 550 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
537 
"Unpaid Redemption Proceeds" means, in respect of any Fund Shares of a Fund and any day 
(or, where such day is not a Fund Redemption Proceeds Date, the most recent Fund Redemption 
Proceeds Date), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(a)
Payable Redemption Proceeds in respect of such Fund Share for such Fund and such day, 
minus 
(b)
the sum of (i) the Cash Redemption Proceeds in respect of such Fund Share and such 
day, and (ii) In-kind Redemption Proceeds in respect of such Fund Share and such day 
to the extent that a Hypothetical Investor holding such Fund Shares would be able to 
realise and receive in full and in cash an amount equal to the proceeds of sale for all 
outstanding In-kind Redemption Proceeds in respect of such Fund Shares. 
"Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event" means (and an Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event 
will be deemed to have occurred if), in respect of any Fund Shares of a Fund and any day (or, 
where such day is not a Fund Redemption Proceeds Date, the most recent Fund Redemption 
Proceeds Date), the Calculation Agent determines (based on notices published by or on behalf 
of the relevant Fund and any other relevant information available to the Calculation Agent) that 
if a Hypothetical Investor were to apply to redeem any such Fund Shares on such day, it would 
not receive the full (or substantially the full) Payable Redemption Proceeds and within (or 
substantially within) the time frame specified in the Fund Offering Documents in place as at the 
Fund Determination Date (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspensions or other 
provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption in full). 
8.
Adjustments to Securities linked to Fund Shares of a Fund in European Currencies  
In respect of any Securities linked to or relating to Fund Shares of a Fund originally quoted, listed and/or 
dealt, as applicable, as of the Issue Date in a currency of a member state of the European Union that has 
not adopted the single currency in accordance with the EC Treaty, if such Fund Shares are at any time 
after the Issue Date quoted, listed and/or dealt, as applicable, exclusively in euro on the relevant market, 
then the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other 
terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to preserve as nearly as 
practicable the economic terms of the Securities. The Calculation Agent will make any conversion 
necessary for purposes of any such adjustment based on the relevant official conversion rate or at an 
appropriate mid-market spot rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent to be prevailing as 
of the Valuation Time, as determined to be appropriate by the Calculation Agent, and shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Holders of any relevant adjustment. No adjustments under this Fund Linked 
Provision 8 will affect the currency denomination of any payment obligation arising out of the Securities. 
9.
Hedging arrangements in relation to the Securities 
The Issuer and/or any Hedging Entity may receive rebates from the Management Company of a Fund in 
respect of the Fund Shares of such Fund or any other asset which the Issuer or any such Hedging Entity 
may hold as a hedge to the Securities. Nothing in these Fund Linked Provisions or the relevant Issue 
Terms for the Securities shall oblige the Issuer or any Hedging Entity to hedge the Securities or to hedge 
the Securities in any particular way.  
10.
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Securities to which 
these Fund Linked Provisions apply: 
"Affected Fund" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 5 (Consequences of Fund 
Events). 
"Additional Disruption Events" means (a) a Change in Law, and (b) if Hedging Disruption is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable, a Hedging Disruption (each, an 
"Additional Disruption Event").  
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or Valuation Date (as applicable), each date specified as such or otherwise determined as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date,

--- Page 551 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
538 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable), or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
For the avoidance of doubt, references to Averaging Date or Averaging Dates shall be deemed 
to refer to Averaging Date or Averaging Dates in respect of the relevant Coupon Valuation Date, 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable) and shall not include 
Averaging Dates in respect of any other Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or Valuation Date. 
"Cash Index" means the cash index so specified in such Issue Terms. 
"Cash Index Substitution Date" means such date as selected by the Calculation Agent from 
which the Cash Index shall replace the relevant Affected Fund. For the avoidance of doubt, such 
date may be set by the Calculation Agent on any date, including, without limitation, prior to the 
event which resulted in the replacement, including, without limitation, on or prior to the Issue 
Date of the relevant Securities, or on or prior to the first day on which any Fund Shares of such 
Affected Fund is valued for the purposes of the Securities. 
"Cash Redemption Proceeds" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Event). 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date of the Securities (a) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any (i) tax 
law or (ii) adoption or promulgation of new regulations authorised or mandated by existing 
statute or (iii) any change to the regulatory capital treatment of the Hedging Entity or its 
obligations and/or any hedging transactions in relation to the Securities), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change, announcement or statement of the formal or informal 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation 
Agent determines that (x) it has, or it will, within the next 15 calendar days but on or prior to 
the Maturity Date, Settlement Date and Redemption Date or Settlement Date, or any other date 
on which such Securities will be redeemed or settled, as is applicable to the Securities, become 
illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any Fund Shares of the relevant Fund, or (y) the value of 
the Fund Shares are or will be materially adversely affected or the rights and remedies of the 
Hypothetical Investor as a Fund Shareholder of the Fund are or will be materially adversely 
affected, or (z) the ability of a Fund to carry out its investment objective or comply with its 
investment guidelines or restrictions is or will be materially adversely affected, (aa) the Hedging 
Entity will be subject to materially increased regulatory capital requirements in performing its 
obligations and/or executing any hedging transactions in relation to the Securities or (bb) (if 
"Change in Law – Increased Cost" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) the 
Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to 
the Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Fund Price" means, on any day, the NAV calculated and published or announced by 
such Fund (or on its behalf) in respect of such day, or as otherwise determined by the Calculation 
Agent subject as provided in the Fund Linked Provisions. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means each date specified as such or otherwise determined as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred (provided that the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, determine that such event 
instead results in the occurrence of a Fund Event). 
"Disruption Event" means, in relation to a Pre-selected Replacement Fund, any of an 
Additional Disruption Event, Fund Event, Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event, In-kind 
Redemption Proceeds Event or other disruption event in relation to the relevant shares or 
otherwise of the Pre-selected Replacement Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent, and

--- Page 552 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
539 
for the purposes of this definition, each reference to "a Fund" in the definitions of Additional 
Disruption Event, Fund Event, Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and In-kind Redemption 
Proceeds Event (and any corresponding definitions, as applicable) shall be deemed to refer to 
such Pre-selected Replacement Fund. 
"Extended Relevant Payment Date" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Event). 
"Fallback Valuation Date" means, in respect of any Fund Shares of a Fund, the date(s) 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or, if "Default Fallback Valuation Date" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then the Fallback Valuation Date for any date on which 
the price of such Fund Share is required to be determined shall be the second Business Day prior 
to the next following date upon which any payment or delivery of assets may have to be made 
by the Issuer by reference to the price of such Fund Share on such day. 
"Fund" means the Original Fund, or, following the replacement thereof, the Pre-selected 
Replacement Fund or Potential Replacement Underlying(s) replacing the Original Fund (and 
any fund or index replacing such Pre-selected Replacement Fund or Potential Replacement 
Underlying(s)). Any fund that is replaced shall cease to be a Fund for the purposes of the 
Securities upon being replaced, and any Pre-selected Replacement Fund or Potential 
Replacement Underlying(s) shall become the relevant Fund for the purposes of these Fund 
Linked Provisions effective from the Fund Substitution Date. 
"Fund Determination Date" means, in respect of (a) an Original Fund or a Pre-selected 
Replacement Fund, the Trade Date, or (b) a Potential Replacement Underlying(s) which is a 
fund, following the replacement in accordance with Fund Linked Provision 5(b) (Consequences 
of Fund Events), the Fund Substitution Date corresponding to such Potential Replacement 
Underlying(s) which is a fund (as applicable). 
"Fund Event" means, where specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
occurrence of any of the following, as determined by the Calculation Agent (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent has no obligation actively to monitor whether or not 
any of the following events has occurred, and provided that, if any of the following events would 
amount to both a Fund Extraordinary Event and a Market Disruption Event, the Calculation 
Agent may determine whether to treat such event as a Fund Extraordinary Event or a Market 
Disruption Event in respect of such Fund):  
(a)
Insolvency in respect of a Fund, its Management Company or any of its Fund Service 
Providers; 
(b)
a Fund Merger Event in respect of a Fund; 
(c)
a Fund Termination in respect of a Fund; 
(d)
Nationalisation in respect of a Fund; 
(e)
the occurrence of any of the following events (each, a "Fund Extraordinary Event"):  
(i)
Global Events: 
(A)
Modification of Fund Offering Documents: the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Fund Offering Documents of a Fund have been 
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified since the Fund 
Determination Date, which the Calculation Agent determines would 
adversely affect a Hypothetical Investor in relation to its hedging activities 
in respect of the Securities, including without limitation and by way of 
example only, to change the strategy or investment objective of such Fund 
or any investment guidelines or restrictions, the currency in which the 
Fund Shares of such Fund are denominated.

--- Page 553 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
540 
(B)
Disputes: The Calculation Agent determines that a Fund, the Management 
Company of a Fund or any of the Fund Service Providers of a Fund 
become party to any litigation or dispute, which in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, could materially impact the performance of the 
Fund. 
(ii)
Net Asset Value and Performance: 
(A)
Failure to Calculate NAV: The Calculation Agent determines a Fund or 
any applicable Fund Service Provider of a Fund fails to calculate and 
announce and/or publish the NAV per Fund Share on the date in respect 
of which such value is scheduled to be published according to the Fund 
Offering Documents of such Fund, and such breach is not cured within 3 
Business Days' to the satisfaction of the Calculation Agent (provided that, 
if such breach occurs on five consecutive occasions, the cure period 
specified above shall not apply in respect of any fifth or subsequent 
breach), or any changes are made to the frequency with which, or the dates 
on which, the NAV per Fund Share is calculated, as set out in the Fund 
Offering Documents of such Fund on the Fund Determination Date, and 
which the Calculation Agent determines that such change will have a 
material effect on the Securities.  
(B)
Audited NAV: in respect of a Fund, the Calculation Agent determines that 
any audited NAV per Fund Share of such Fund is different from the NAV 
per Fund Share of such Fund previously announced and/or published by 
such Fund or any Fund Service Provider of such Fund, or such Fund's 
auditors qualify or refuse to provide an unqualified report in respect of 
such Fund or any NAV per Fund Share of such Fund.  
(C)
Assets under Management: the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Fund's assets under management have declined by a percentage equal to 
or greater than the AUM Threshold Percentage over the preceding three 
months , or if "AUM Threshold" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent determines that a Fund's assets under 
management have fallen below the AUM Threshold. 
Where:  
"AUM Threshold" means the amount specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; and 
"AUM Threshold Percentage" means, in respect of a Fund, 50 per cent. 
(or such other percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
(D)
Performance and Risk Measurements: the annualised historical volatility 
of a Fund over the preceding 250 days, using the historical NAV per Fund 
Share figures that are available for the preceding 250 days, is greater than 
the Volatility Threshold, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Where "Volatility Threshold" means, in respect of a Fund, the greater of 
(i) 200 per cent. of the annualised historical volatility of a Fund over the 
preceding 250 days as at Fund Determination Date, using historical NAV 
per Fund Share figures that are available for the 250 days preceding the 
Fund Determination Date and (ii) 10 per cent. (or such percentage as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
(iii)
Trading: 
(A)
Mandatory Redemption: the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Hypothetical Investor would be required, or that it would be appropriate 
for the Hypothetical Investor, for any reason whatsoever including without 
limitation, regulatory reasons or any mandatory redemption imposed by a

--- Page 554 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
541 
Fund, to redeem any Fund Shares it may hold as a hedge in respect of the 
Securities.  
(B)
Material Change in Strategy: (I) A material change is made to (x) the risk 
profile, (y) the investment objective or (z) the investment restrictions, of a 
Fund in place as at the Fund Determination Date, or (II) the Calculation 
Agent is not satisfied that a Fund is being managed in accordance with its 
rules or in accordance with the description of the Fund's (x) risk profile, 
(y) investment objective or (z) investment restrictions, of such Fund as set 
out in its Fund Offering Documents in place as at the Fund Determination 
Date. 
(C)
Notification from Manager: If written notification (or other indication or 
acknowledgement) by the Management Company to Fund Shareholders or 
to the administrator of a Fund that, in its opinion, (I) it is not advisable to 
continue operation of such Fund because it is not economically prudent to 
do so, (II) the risk profile, strategy or investment objective of a Fund will 
not, or can no longer, be met in the foreseeable future or (II) liquidation, 
dissolution or discontinuance of such Fund is recommended. 
(D)
Suspension on Trading: (I) Any suspension of, or limitation is imposed 
on, trading of a Fund (by reason of liquidity restrictions or otherwise), or 
(II) any limitation or other event which prevents the timely payment of 
redemption proceeds in cash to any investor (as specified in the Fund 
Offering Documents in place as at the Fund Determination Date), or (III) 
any dealing request made by any investor or prospective investor in such 
Fund is deferred in whole or in part. 
(E)
Increase in Fees: the Calculation Agent determines that (I) a Fund, its 
Management Company or any Fund Service Provider has amended the 
management and/or incentive fee (or any other analogous fee) payable to 
the Management Company and/or any Fund Service Provider, as 
applicable, or (II) there is an increase in fees payable by the Hypothetical 
Investor or the Hedging Entity in respect of a purchase, sale or holding in 
the Fund Shares of such Fund, or any dealing in the Fund Shares of such 
Fund or otherwise investing in such Fund Shares, from that in place as at 
the Fund Determination Date. 
(iv)
Operational failures 
(A)
Change in Manager and/or Service Providers: The Calculation Agent 
determines that (I) the Management Company of a Fund or any Fund 
Service Provider of a Fund resigns, has its appointment terminated or is 
otherwise replaced, (II) the Fund, the Management Company of a Fund or 
any of the relevant Fund Service Provider has experienced or is 
experiencing or will experience a material adverse change in its business, 
assets, operations or financial condition, (III) the Management Company 
of a Fund or any Fund Service Provider of a Fund has breached any term 
of any contract between such Fund and its Management Company or any 
of its Fund Service Provider (as applicable), or (IV) that any contract 
between a Fund and its Management Company or any of its Fund Service 
Provider (as applicable) terminates or is otherwise not renewed or 
replaced, and the Calculation Agent further determines, in its discretion, 
that such occurrence could have an adverse economic impact (x) on the 
Fund or (y) (if "Change in Manager – Hedging" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) on the Hedging Entity as a holder 
of an interest in such Fund. 
(B)
Operational Failures: the Calculation Agent determines that the operation 
or organisation of a Fund, the Management Company of a Fund, or any 
applicable Fund Service Provider of a Fund (including, without limitation,

--- Page 555 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
542 
its organisational structure and its procedures, processes or policies in 
respect of investment selection, due diligence, asset allocation, risk 
management or investment monitoring) has changed from that as at the 
Fund Determination Date, or that any such procedures, processes or 
policies are either not being applied or are not being applied consistently 
with their application on the Fund Determination Date, where such change 
has, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a material effect on the 
Securities and such changes are not rectified to the satisfaction of the 
Calculation Agent within five Business Days.  
(C)
Reporting Failures: there occurs any failure of a Fund, the Management 
Company of a Fund or any Fund Service Provider of a Fund to deliver or 
cause to be delivered to the Hypothetical Investor any information (I) that 
it is normal practice to deliver or (II) which the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary for any determinations, including but not be limited to, 
determinations in respect of the occurrence of any Fund Event or in the 
execution of its and the Issuer's duties and obligations with respect to the 
Securities, cause to be delivered to any Shareholder or the Hypothetical 
Investor on or before the time specified in the Fund Offering Documents 
of such Fund, and such breach is not cured within five Business Days or, 
if none, within a reasonable time, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(v)
Regulatory and legal constraints 
(A)
Regulatory Action: the Calculation Agent determines that the activities of 
a Fund, the Management Company of a Fund or any Fund Service Provider 
of a Fund and/or any of their respective directors, officers, employees or 
agents are placed under review or investigation by any governmental, 
legal, administrative or regulatory authority or court of competent 
jurisdiction and/or are subject to any charges or actions by any 
governmental, legal, administrative or regulatory authority for reasons of 
wrongdoing, suspected wrongdoing, breach (or suspected breach) of any 
applicable law, rule or regulation or other similar reason and/or a Fund, 
the Management Company of a Fund or any Fund Service Provider of a 
Fund and/or any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents 
have any of their respective registrations, authorisations, licences or 
memberships with any governmental, legal, administrative or regulatory 
authorities revoked, suspended, terminated, limited or qualified in any 
way. 
(B)
Regulatory Constraints: the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Hypothetical Investor is or may in the future be unable, or that it is or may 
become impractical or difficult for the Hypothetical Investor to perform 
any obligation imposed on the Hypothetical Investor by any law, rule, 
regulation or interpretation thereof by any governmental, regulatory or 
administrative body or authority or court or stock exchange, in each case 
of competent authority including, without limitation and by way of 
example only, any reporting or accounting obligation, due to its investment 
in the Fund Shares of a Fund / Hedging Entity (I) would be obliged 
(whether by the Management Company or otherwise) or (II) deems it 
necessary or appropriate in order to comply with or remain compliant 
within any applicable legal and/or regulatory limits on the amount of Fund 
Shares of such Fund that it may hold, to redeem all or some of the Fund 
Shares of such Fund that it is holding in relation to its hedging activities in 
respect of the Securities.  
"Fund Merger Date" means, in respect of a Fund Merger Event, the date which is the earlier 
of: 
(a)
a date selected by the Calculation Agent which falls on or after the date on which such 
Fund Merger Event occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 556 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
543 
(b)
the date upon which all Fund Shareholders have agreed or become obliged to transfer 
their Fund Shares, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Fund Merger Event" means the occurrence of: 
(a)
in respect of a Fund, any (i) reclassification or change of such Fund that results in a 
transfer of, or an irrevocable commitment to transfer, all of the Fund Shares of such Fund 
outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of the Fund with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Fund is 
the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such 
Fund Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per 
cent. of the outstanding Fund Shares of the Fund that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Fund Shares (other than such Fund Shares 
owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange of the Fund or its subsidiaries with or into another 
entity in which the Fund is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Fund Shares outstanding but results in the 
outstanding Fund Shares (other than Fund Shares owned or controlled by such other 
entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of 
the outstanding Fund Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the Fund 
Merger Date is on or before the final Reference Date or Averaging Date, as is applicable; 
and 
(b)
in respect of the Management Company of a Fund or any service provider to such Fund, 
any (i) reclassification or change of the shares of such entity that results in a transfer of 
or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of the shares of such entity outstanding to 
another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange of such entity with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such entity is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of the shares of such 
entity outstanding), (iii) other takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per 
cent. of the outstanding shares of such entity that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such shares (other than the shares of such entity owned or 
controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or binding share exchange of such entity or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in 
which such entity is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification 
or change of all the shares of such entity outstanding but results in the outstanding shares 
of such entity (other than the shares owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding shares of such entity immediately following such event, in each case if the 
Fund Merger Date is on or before the final Reference Date or Averaging Date, as is 
applicable. 
"Fund Offering Documents" means such Fund's offering memorandum, prospectus or similar 
offering document and any supplements and addenda thereto, its constitutional documents, its 
subscription and redemption documents, as applicable. 
"Fund Redemption Date" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 (Consequences 
of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds Events). 
"Fund Redemption Proceeds Date" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events). 
"Fund Shares" means the shares or units of a Fund specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, 
and, following a replacement thereof in accordance with the Fund Linked Provisions, the 
relevant shares or units of the relevant class of a relevant Pre-selected Replacement Fund or a

--- Page 557 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
544 
Potential Replacement Underlying(s) which is a fund (and "Fund Share" means any such share 
of the relevant class of the relevant Fund). 
"Fund Shareholder" means a holder of a Fund Share of a Fund. 
"Fund Service Provider" means each of the administrator, the custodian, the auditors, prime 
brokers or any entities providing services to a Fund. 
"Fund Substitution Date" means such date as selected by the Calculation Agent from which 
the Pre-selected Replacement Fund or, Potential Replacement Underlying(s) (as applicable) 
shall replace the relevant Affected Fund. For the avoidance of doubt, such date may be set by 
the Calculation Agent on any date, including, without limitation, prior to the event which 
resulted in the replacement, or on or prior to the first day on which any Fund Shares of such 
Affected Fund is valued for the purposes of the Securities. 
"Fund Termination" means, in relation to a Fund, where the trust deed, partnership agreement, 
memorandum and articles of association, fund rules, or other similar or equivalent documents 
constituting such Fund (each, the "Constitutional Documents") has been terminated or 
otherwise ceased to exist in accordance with the Constitutional Documents. For the avoidance 
of doubt, and without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, the following events 
will constitute a Fund Termination: 
(a)
cancellation of the Constitutional Documents by the Fund Manager or directors; 
(b)
an order being made by any competent regulatory authority for cancellation or 
termination of such Fund; and/or 
(c)
an order being made by any competent regulatory authority for (i) cancellation or 
suspension of the relevant licence of the Management Company required to manage such 
Fund; or (ii) the winding up of the Management Company. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing 
and the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to or in connection with the relevant 
Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or 
(c) subscribe, redeem, realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any Fund Shares in the Fund 
where such inability has arisen by reason of any gates or restrictions or suspensions on 
subscriptions or redemptions of such Fund Shares. 
"Hedging Entity" means, for the purposes of these Fund Linked Provisions, and unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer or any affiliate(s) of the Issuer or any 
entity or entities acting on behalf of, or as counterparty to, the Issuer and, in each case, engaged 
in any underlying hedging transactions relating to the Fund Shares of any Fund or other 
instruments in respect of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities, provided that neither the 
Issuer nor any of its affiliates is obliged to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Securities 
(and the definition of "Hedging Entity" in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions) shall not apply). 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical investor comparable to a sophisticated 
international financial institution, and incorporated in the jurisdiction of the Issuer or any 
Hedging Entity, having exposure to an investment in the Fund Shares of any Fund. 
"In-kind Redemption Proceeds" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events). 
"In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events).

--- Page 558 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
545 
"Initial Valuation Date" means each date specified as such or otherwise determined as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of any relevant entity, that the relevant entity (a) is dissolved 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) becomes insolvent or is 
unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due; (c) makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit 
of its creditors; (d)(i) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, court, administrator, 
supervisor, government body or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative, 
legal or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation of 
its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, court, 
administrator, supervisor, government body or similar official, or (ii) has instituted against it a 
proceeding seeking judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or 
presented by a person or entity not described in (i) above and either (A) results in a judgement 
or insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its 
winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
with 15 calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; (e) has a resolution passed for 
its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or 
for all or substantially all of its assets; (g) has a secured party take possession of all or 
substantially all of its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal 
process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured 
party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within 15 calendar days thereafter; (h) causes or is subject to any event 
with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect 
to any of the events specified in (a) to (g) above; or (i) takes any action in furtherance of, or 
indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the forgoing acts. 
"Management Company" means, in respect of a Fund, such entity or entities as the Calculation 
Agent may determine is for the time being the duly appointed manager of such Fund (and/or 
any entity or entities to whom such entity or entities may delegate any of its duties, rights, 
obligations or liabilities in respect of such Fund), or such other entity or entities specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Market Disruption Event" means the failure of such Fund (or such entity acting on its behalf) 
to calculate and publish or announce the NAV of such Fund on any Scheduled Trading Day or 
in respect of such Scheduled Trading Day within the scheduled or usual timeframe for 
publication or announcement. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight Scheduled Trading Days or such other number 
of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of a Fund, that all the Fund Shares of such Fund or all or 
substantially all the assets of the Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required 
to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"NAV" means, in respect of the Fund Shares of a Fund and on any relevant day, the net asset 
value (or, if applicable, the estimated or provisional net asset value) per such Fund Share in 
respect of such day (or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the most recent Scheduled 
Trading Day), as calculated and published (or, if not published, as notified) to the Fund 
Shareholder of such Fund by the relevant Management Company.  
"Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Fund and an Observation Period, and unless otherwise provided in

--- Page 559 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
546 
the relevant Issue Terms, each Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day for the 
Fund Shares of such Fund falling in the Observation Period. 
"Observation Period" means an Averaging Observation Period, a Barrier Observation Period, 
a Barrier Performance Observation Period, a Coupon Observation Period, a Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Observation Period, a Daily Observation Final Redemption Observation 
Period, a Knock-In Observation Period, a Knock-In Performance Observation Period, Single of 
a Basket Knock-In Observation Period or an Observation Period (Drop Back) (each as defined 
in the Payout Conditions), as the case may be.  
"Observation Period End Date" means, if "Observation Period" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Fund, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, which shall be the last day of the relevant Observation Period, and shall be included or 
excluded from the Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Observation Period" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Fund, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant Observation Period, and shall be included or 
excluded from the Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Original Fund" means the fund or funds specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Outstanding Unpaid Relevant Payment Amount" has the meaning given in Fund Linked 
Provision 7 (Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption 
Proceeds Events). 
"Payable Redemption Proceeds" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events). 
"Payment Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 (Consequences of 
Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds Events). 
"Periodic Valuation Date" means each date specified as such or otherwise determined as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, with respect to any Fund Shares of a Fund , any of the 
following, as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a)
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Fund Shares (unless resulting 
in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Fund Shares to existing 
Fund Shareholders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b)
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing Fund Shareholders of (i) such Fund Shares, 
or (ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or 
the proceeds of liquidation of such Fund equally or proportionately with such payments 
to Fund Shareholders, or (iii) share capital or other securities of another share issuer 
acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by such Fund as a result of a spin-off or other 
similar transaction, or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, 
in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market 
price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c)
a distribution of an amount per Fund Share which the Calculation Agent determines 
should be characterised as an extraordinary dividend;  
(d)
a call by such Fund in respect of relevant Fund Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e)
a repurchase by such Fund or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Fund Shares whether out 
of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities 
or otherwise; or

--- Page 560 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
547 
(f)
there occurs any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Fund Share of 
such Fund. 
"Potential Replacement Underlying(s)" means any (a) fund, (b) basket of funds, (c) index 
(other than a Cash Index) or (d) basket of indices (other than a Cash Index). 
"Pre-selected Replacement Fund" means a fund specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 (Consequences 
of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds Events). 
"Reference Date" means each Initial Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Periodic 
Valuation Date or Valuation Date, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Fund Linked Provisions. 
"Relevant Date" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 2 (Fallback Valuation Date). 
"Relevant Fund Share" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 (Consequences of 
Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds Events). 
"Relevant Payment Amount" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events). 
"Relevant Payment Date" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 (Consequences 
of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds Events). 
"Replacement Underlying(s)" means a Pre-selected Replacement Fund or Potential 
Replacement Underlying(s) selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Fund Linked 
Provision 5 (Consequences of Fund Events) to replace (in whole or in part) an Affected Fund, 
(where applicable) in the weighting as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Coupon Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of 
an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Initial Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Initial Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Periodic Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of 
an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Periodic Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Reference Date" means each Scheduled Initial Valuation Date, Scheduled Coupon 
Valuation Date, Scheduled Periodic Valuation Date or Scheduled Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which such Fund (or any entity acting on its 
behalf) is scheduled to publish the NAV of such Fund. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Unpaid Redemption Proceeds" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events). 
"Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events).

--- Page 561 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
548 
"Unpaid Relevant Payment Amount" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events). 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Valuation Date" means each date specified as such or otherwise determined as provided in the 
relevant Issue Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Valuation Time" means the time at which the NAV per Fund Share of the Fund is calculated 
and published or announced on the relevant day by the Fund (or on its behalf).

--- Page 562 ---
Rate Linked Provisions 
549 
RATE LINKED PROVISIONS 
1. 
Determination of Original Rate .............................................................................................. 549 
2. 
Rate Linked Fallbacks ............................................................................................................ 550 
2.1 
Original Rate Disruption ............................................................................................. 550 
2.2 
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event ............................................................................. 551 
3 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ........................................................................................... 552 
4. 
Interim measures .................................................................................................................... 553 
5. 
Hierarchy if both an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event and an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
occurs ..................................................................................................................................... 553 
6. 
Corrections to Published and Displayed Rates ...................................................................... 554 
7. 
Additional Disruption Event .................................................................................................. 554 
8. 
Definitions and Interpretation ................................................................................................ 554 
These Rate Linked Provisions shall apply to Securities for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
the Rate Linked Provisions are applicable.  
1.
Determination of Original Rate 
The Reference Rate (being the "Original Rate" specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (the 
"Original Rate")) in respect of Rate Linked Securities for each Interest Period (or any relevant day, as 
applicable) shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Issue Terms and the provisions 
below relating to ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the Original Rate shall be determined in 
respect of the relevant Interest Period (or relevant day, as applicable). 
(a)
ISDA Determination for Original Rate: Subject to Rate Linked Provision 2.2 (Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event) and Rate Linked Provision 3 (Administrator/Benchmark Event) 
below, where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Original Rate is to be determined, (i) this Rate Linked Provision 1(a) shall be 
applicable to determine the Original Rate for each Interest Period falling within the Variable 
Linked Interest Period and (ii) the Original Rate in respect of the Rate Linked Securities for 
each Interest Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (a), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent (each as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) under an interest rate swap transaction ("Swap Transaction") under the 
terms of an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions, and under 
which: 
(i)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(ii)
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
(iii)
the relevant Reset Date, in respect of each Interest Period and the Interest Period End 
Date falling at the end of (but excluded from) such Interest Period, is the Coupon 
Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) falling most recently 
prior to such Interest Period End Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms;  
(iv)
the relevant Fixing Day and Fixing Time are as defined in the ISDA Definitions unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
(v)
the relevant Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
(if any) is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms,

--- Page 563 ---
Rate Linked Provisions 
550 
provided that if, prior to: 
(A)
the occurrence of an Index Cessation Effective Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
in respect of the ISDA Rate; and 
(B)
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date (as defined in the 2021 
Definitions); and 
(C)
the application of any provision relating to discontinued rates maturities (as described in 
the ISDA Definitions), 
the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot be determined in accordance with 
the ISDA Definitions read with paragraphs (i) to (v) above, then the ISDA Rate for an Interest 
Period (or relevant day, as applicable) shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative 
benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market).  
For the purposes of this Rate Linked Provision 1(a), terms used for the purpose of determining 
the relevant ISDA Rate under the relevant ISDA Definitions shall have the meanings given to 
those terms in the relevant ISDA Definitions as read together with General Condition 31.3 
(ISDA Determination Additional Provisions).  
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event and its related 
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date have occurred or are existing on any day in 
respect of the relevant ISDA Rate, the terms of Rate Linked Provision 2.2 (Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event) below shall apply. 
(b)
Screen Rate Determination for Original Rate: Subject to Rate Linked Provision 2.2 (Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event) and Rate Linked Provision 3 (Administrator/Benchmark Event)  
below and any other applicable Conditions), where Screen Rate Determination is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the Original Rate is to be determined, the 
Original Rate in respect of the Rate Linked Securities shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as the Reference Rate appearing on the relevant Page at or about the Reference Rate 
Relevant Time on: 
(i)
in respect of any Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Valuation Date immediately 
preceding such Coupon Payment Date; or 
(ii)
in respect of any Early Redemption Date, the Early Redemption Valuation Date 
immediately preceding such Early Redemption Date. 
2.
Rate Linked Fallbacks 
2.1
Original Rate Disruption 
Subject to Rate Linked Provision 2.2 (Index Cessation/Benchmark Event) below, if the Calculation Agent 
determinates that an Original Rate does not appear on the relevant Page and the Reference Rate is not 
published by the administrator of the Original Rate or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise 
provided by the administrator of the Original Rate, then an "Original Rate Disruption" ("Original Rate 
Disruption") shall have occurred and the Original Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, having regard to alternative benchmarks then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market). For the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, the Calculation 
Agent may determine the Original Rate by reference to one or more of the following methods: 
(a)
the Original Rate may be the rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the 
Original Rate or the supervisor or competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened 
by any such entity) responsible for supervising the Original Rate or the administrator thereof; 
and

--- Page 564 ---
Rate Linked Provisions 
551 
(b)
the Original Rate may be the Original Rate last provided or published by the relevant 
administrator. 
Notwithstanding the above, where an Original Rate Disruption has occurred in respect of an Original 
Rate that is a Swap Rate, the Original Rate shall be such commercially reasonable alternative rate as is 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
having regard to such sources as it considers appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available 
and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, 
the derivatives market). 
2.2
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event and its related Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date have occurred or are existing on any day in respect of an 
Original Rate in respect of the Securities (such affected Original Rate, a "Discontinued Reference 
Rate"), then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Original Rate in respect of such Securities in 
accordance with the following methodologies, as applicable: 
(a)
Swap Rates: where the specified Original Rate is a Swap Rate, with effect from and including 
the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date, the Original Rate shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the alternative rate of interest (the "Alternative 
Recommended Rate") formally recommended by (in the following order): 
(i)
the central bank for the currency in which the Discontinued Reference Rate is 
denominated; or 
(ii)
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank, the central bank (if different) 
or other supervisor responsible for supervising (i) the Discontinued Reference Rate, or 
(ii) the administrator of the Discontinued Reference Rate; or 
(iii)
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank or supervisor, any working 
group or committee officially endorsed or convened by any such central bank or 
supervisor, or any group thereof, or 
(iv)
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (i), (ii) or (iii), the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof, or 
(v)
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv), where such 
Alternative Recommended Rate is substantially the same as the Discontinued Reference 
Rate, the administrator, 
provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no Alternative Recommended 
Rate, the Original Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such other 
reference rate(s) and/or price source(s) and/or combination thereof that the Calculation Agent 
determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative to the Discontinued Reference Rate. If 
the Calculation Agent determines the Original Rate in accordance with this Rate Linked 
Provision 2.2(a), it may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to 
any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms 
of the Securities to account for such change to the method of determination of the Original Rate, 
including (but not limited to) any such adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent determines are 
required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any change in the 
economic value of the Securities from such change to the method of determination of the 
Original Rate. Any such adjustment(s) which the Calculation Agent determines to be 
appropriate (1) shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market), (2) may include an adjustment factor and/or adjustment spread (which may 
be positive or negative) together with any technical, administrative or operational changes and 
(3) may be applied on more than one occasion and may be made as of one or more effective 
dates. 
(b)
Generic Permanent Fallback: notwithstanding any other provision or term of these Rate Linked 
Provisions, where "Generic Permanent Fallback" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms,

--- Page 565 ---
Rate Linked Provisions 
552 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Original Rate in respect of such Securities in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, after consulting any source it deems to be 
reasonable, as: 
(i)
a substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source that it has 
determined is the industry-accepted standard in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source for the relevant Original Rate; or 
(ii)
if it determines there is no such industry-accepted standard in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, index, 
benchmark or other price source, then a substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark 
or other price source that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the 
Original Rate, taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market), 
in each case provided that (i) any such substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source, may (without limitation) comprise a replacement rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source, which is determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to 
a "risk-free rate", (ii) there may be more than one such substitute or successor rate, index, 
benchmark or other price source (which may be applied as of one or more effective dates), (iii) 
the Original Rate may include an adjustment factor or adjustment spread pursuant to the 
paragraph immediately below and (iv) the Conditions may be subject to adjustment pursuant to 
the paragraph immediately below. 
If the Calculation Agent determines the Original Rate in accordance with this Rate Linked 
Provision 2.2(b), it may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to 
any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms 
of the Securities to account for such change to the method of determination of the Original Rate, 
including (but not limited to) any such adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent determines are 
required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any change in the 
economic value of the Securities from such change to the method of determination of the 
Original Rate. Any such adjustment(s) which the Calculation Agent determines to be 
appropriate (1) shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market), (2) may include an adjustment factor and/or adjustment spread (which may 
be positive or negative) together with any technical, administrative or operational changes and 
(3) may be applied on more than one occasion and may be made as of one or more effective 
dates. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the application of Rate Linked Provision 2.2(a) or 2.2(b) above 
would not achieve a commercially reasonable result (because it is not possible or commercially 
reasonable to identify a replacement or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source, or relevant 
adjustments or for any other reason) and/or (ii) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable 
law or regulation or it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements to determine the Original 
Rate in accordance with the terms of such provisions, the Calculation Agent may determine that the 
Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of 
each Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (provided that, if Early Payment 
Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such 
early redemption)" shall be deleted) on a date specified by it in a notice to the Holders. 
3.
Administrator/Benchmark Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event and its related 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Effective Date have occurred or are existing on any day in respect of 
any Securities and a Relevant Benchmark, the Calculation Agent may: 
(a)
make such adjustment to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate 
to 
account 
for 
the 
economic 
effect 
on 
the 
Securities 
of 
such 
Administrator/Benchmark Event (including without limitation, to select a successor Relevant 
Benchmark) and any adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable,

--- Page 566 ---
Rate Linked Provisions 
553 
calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the 
Securities to account for such replacement and/or change to the method of determination of the 
Original Rate, including (but not limited to) any such adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent 
determines are required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any 
change in the economic value of the Securities from such replacement and/or change to the 
method of determination of the Original Rate; 
(b)
determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the Issuer will cause to be paid 
to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment 
Amount (provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 applies, the 
words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Rate Linked Provision 3 (Administrator/Benchmark Event), in the 
event that the Administrator/Benchmark Event comprises a Material Methodology Change Event, the 
Calculation Agent may determine not to undertake any or all of the actions described in this Rate Linked 
Provision 3 (Administrator/Benchmark Event). 
4.
Interim measures 
If, at any time, following (i) an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event but prior to any replacement or 
amendment having become effective pursuant to Rate Linked Provision 2.2 (Index Cessation/Benchmark 
Event) above and/or (ii) an Administrator/Benchmark Event but prior to any adjustment and/or 
redemption and/or cancellation and/or any other action the Issuer may take under Rate Linked Provision 
3 (Administrator/Benchmark Event) taking effect, the relevant Original Rate is required for any 
determination in respect of the Securities, then: 
(a)
if the Original Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or regulation 
for the Securities to reference the Original Rate and for the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
to use the Original Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities, the 
level of the Original Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the 
determination of the Original Rate as if no Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event (as applicable) had occurred; or 
(b)
if the Original Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or 
regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or to the Calculation Agent (as applicable) for the 
Securities to reference the Original Rate or for any such entity to use the Original Rate to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities, the level of the Original Rate 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it considers appropriate and any alternative 
benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market), as (a) a substitute or successor 
rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or 
successor rate for the relevant Original Rate or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-
accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, a substitute or successor rate 
that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the Original Rate, taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). If such Original Rate is determined as any such substituted or successor 
rate, the Calculation Agent may determine such other amendments to the Securities which it 
considers are necessary and/or appropriate in order to reflect the replacement of the Original 
Rate with such substituted or successor rate. If the Calculation Agent determines the Original 
Rate in accordance with this paragraph, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of such 
determination made by it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such 
determination and the Issuer, in turn, shall notify the Holders thereof as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter. 
5.
Hierarchy 
if 
both 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark 
Event 
and 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an event in respect of an Original Rate constitutes both an Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event and an Administrator/Benchmark Event, then it will be deemed to an Index 
Cessation/Benchmark and not an Administrator/Benchmark Event, provided that if an

--- Page 567 ---
Rate Linked Provisions 
554 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Effective Date has not occurred before the Relevant Benchmark ceases 
to be available, then Rate Linked Provision 4 (Interim measures) shall apply as if an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event had occurred. 
6.
Corrections to Published and Displayed Rates 
In the event that the Original Rate is subsequently corrected, and the correction (the "Corrected Rate") 
is published after the original publication but no later than the longer of (a) one hour after such original 
publication and (b) any other period for corrections specified by a relevant administrator in its 
methodology for the relevant Original Rate, then provided that such Corrected Rate is published on or 
prior to the date falling two Business Days prior to the date on which a related payment is scheduled to 
be made under the Securities (the "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date"), then such Corrected Rate shall 
be deemed to be the relevant Original Rate and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Rate in 
determining the relevant Original Rate. Any corrections published after the second Business Day prior 
to the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the relevant 
Original Rate. 
7.
Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, then the 
Calculation Agent may, in its discretion: 
(a)
make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities 
as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the 
Securities of such Additional Disruption Event; and/or 
(b)
determine and give notice to Holders that the Securities shall be redeemed on a date determined 
by the Calculation Agent, in which event the Issuer shall redeem the Securities and cause to be 
paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment 
Amount (provided that, in respect of Securities for which the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
Early Payment Amount 1 or Early Payment Amount 2 is applicable, the words "(but ignoring 
the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted) in respect of the Securities. 
For such purpose, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means in relation to any Securities the occurrence of any of the 
following events (as applicable): 
(a) 
if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Change in Law (Hedge); and 
(b) 
if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Hedging Disruption. 
"Change in Law (Hedge)" means that, on or after the Issue Date of the Securities (a) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines that (x) it has, or it will, within the next 15 calendar 
days but on or prior to the Maturity Date, Redemption Date or Settlement Date, as is applicable to the 
Securities, become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any asset in relation to the Underlying Hedge 
Transactions, or (y) the Underlying Hedge Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations in relation to the Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Underlying Hedge Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and the Issuer 
performing its obligations with respect to or in connection with the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or 
remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
8.
Definitions and Interpretation

--- Page 568 ---
Rate Linked Provisions 
555 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Securities to which 
these Rate Linked Provisions apply: 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means: 
(a)
if "Reference Rate Financial Centre(s)" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date, a day falling the Relevant Number of Reference Rate 
Business Days immediately preceding such Coupon Payment Date; or 
(b)
if "Reference Rate Financial Centre(s)" is not stated to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
each Coupon Valuation Date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in each case, if such date is not a date on which the Reference Rate is scheduled to be published, the next 
day on which the Reference Rate is scheduled to be published. 
"Early Redemption Valuation Date" means: 
(a)
if "Reference Rate Financial Centre(s)" is stated to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms,, 
in respect of each Early Redemption Date, a day falling the Relevant Number of Reference Rate 
Business Days immediately preceding such Early Redemption Date; or 
(b)
if "Reference Rate Financial Centre(s)" is not stated to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
each Early Redemption Valuation Date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in each case, if such date is not a date on which the Reference Rate is scheduled to be published, the next 
day on which the Reference Rate is scheduled to be published. 
"Reference Rate Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Reference 
Rate Financial Centre(s)" in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that if the Reference Rate Financial 
Centre(s) are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be or to include (i) "TARGET" or "TARGET2", 
then Reference Rate Business Day shall also be a day which is a TARGET2 Settlement Day or (ii) "U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD", then Reference Rate Business Day shall also be a day 
which is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
"Reference Rate Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Coupon Valuation Date or Early 
Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable), the time specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Reference Value" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and any relevant time on any relevant day, the 
value of such Reference Rate at such time on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor) 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes 
of trading in U.S. government securities. 
"Variable Linked Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Variable Linked Interest End Date" means the Maturity Date, Settlement Date, Settlement Date and 
Redemption Date or such other date specified as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Variable Linked Interest Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
period commencing on, and including, the Variable Linked Interest Commencement Date and ending on, 
but excluding, the Variable Linked Interest End Date. 
Capitalised terms in these Rate Linked Provisions that are not defined have the respective meaning given 
in the General Conditions.

--- Page 569 ---
Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders of German Securities 
556 
APPENDIX 1 – PROVISIONS REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS OF GERMAN 
SECURITIES 
The following provisions regarding resolutions of Holders constitute part of the Conditions. See 
General Condition 23.1(e) (Modification of German Securities with Holder Consent) 
Part A 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO RESOLUTIONS TO BE PASSED AT MEETINGS OF 
HOLDERS 
§ 1 
Convening the Meeting of Holders 
1.
Meetings of Holders (each a "Holders' Meeting") shall be convened by the Issuer or by the 
Joint Representative. A Holders' Meeting must be convened if one or more Holders holding 
together not less than 5 per cent. of the outstanding Securities so require in text form, stating 
that they wish to appoint or remove a Joint Representative, that pursuant to section 5 paragraph 
5, sentence 2 of the German Bond Act of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) a notice of 
termination ceases to have effect or that they have another specific interest in having a Holders' 
Meeting convened. 
2.
Holders whose legitimate request is not fulfilled may apply to the competent court to authorise 
them to convene a Holders' Meeting. The court may also determine the chairman of the meeting. 
Any such authorisation must be disclosed in the publication of the Convening Notice. 
3.
The competent court shall be the local court (Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main. The decision 
of the court may be appealed. 
4.
The Issuer shall bear the costs of the Holders' Meeting and, if the court has granted leave to the 
application pursuant to subsection 2 above, also the costs of such proceedings. 
§ 2 
Notice Period, Registration, Proof 
1.
A Holders' Meeting shall be convened not less than 14 days before the date of the meeting. 
2.
If the Convening Notice provide(s) that attendance at a Holders' Meeting or the exercise of the 
voting rights shall be dependent upon a registration of the Holders before the meeting, then for 
purposes of calculating the period pursuant to subsection 1 the date of the meeting shall be 
replaced by the date by which the Holders are required to register. The registration notice must 
be received at the address set forth in the Convening Notice no later than on the third day before 
the Holders' Meeting. 
3.
The Convening Notice shall provide what proof is required to be entitled to take part in the 
Holders' Meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the Convening Notice, for Securities 
represented by a Global Security a voting certificate obtained from an agent to be appointed by 
the Issuer shall entitle its bearer to attend and vote at the Holders' Meeting. A voting certificate 
may be obtained by a Holder if at least six days before the time fixed for the Holders' Meeting, 
such Holder (a) deposits its Securities for such purpose with an agent to be appointed by the 
Issuer or to the order of such agent with a Custodian or other depository nominated by such 
agent for such purpose or (b) blocks its Securities in an account with a Custodian in accordance 
with the procedures of the Custodian and delivers a confirmation stating the ownership and 
blocking of its Securities to the agent of the Issuer. The voting certificate shall be dated and 
shall specify the Holders' Meeting concerned and the total number, the outstanding amount and 
the serial numbers (if any) of the Securities either deposited or blocked in an account with the 
Custodian. The Convening Notice may also require a proof of identity of a person exercising a 
voting right. Once the relevant agent of the Issuer has issued a voting certificate for a Holders' 
Meeting in respect of a Security, the Securities shall neither be released nor permitted to be 
transferred until either such Holders' Meeting has been concluded or the voting certificate has 
been surrendered to the relevant agent of the Issuer. "Custodian" means any bank or other 
financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody business

--- Page 570 ---
Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders of German Securities 
557 
with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Securities and includes 
the Relevant Clearing System. 
§ 3 
Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication 
1.
The notice convening a Holders' Meeting (the "Convening Notice") shall state the name, the 
place of the registered office of the Issuer, the time and venue of the Holders' Meeting, and the 
conditions on which attendance in the Holders' Meeting and the exercise of voting rights is made 
dependent, including the matters referred to in § 2 paragraphs 2 and 3. 
2.
The Convening Notice shall be published promptly in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) and 
additionally in accordance with General Condition 26 (Notices). The costs of publication shall 
be borne by the Issuer. 
3.
From the date on which the Holders' Meeting is convened until the date of the Holders' Meeting, 
the Issuer shall make available to the Holders, on the Issuer's website the Convening Notice and 
the precise conditions on which the attendance of the Holders' Meeting and the exercise of 
voting rights shall be dependent. 
§ 4 
Agenda 
1.
The person convening the Holders' Meeting shall make a proposal for resolution in respect of 
each item on the agenda to be passed upon by the Holders. 
2.
The agenda of the Holders' Meeting shall be published together with the Convening Notice. § 3 
paragraphs 2 and 3 shall apply mutatis mutandis. No resolution may be passed on any item of 
the agenda which has not been published in the prescribed manner. 
3.
One or more Holders holding together not less than 5 per cent. of the outstanding Securities may 
require that new items are published for resolution. § 1 paragraphs 2 to 4 shall apply mutatis 
mutandis. Such new items shall be published no later than the third day preceding the Holders' 
Meeting. 
4.
Any counter motion announced by a Holder before the Holders' Meeting shall promptly be made 
available by the Issuer to all Holders up to the day of the Holders' Meeting on the Issuer's 
website. 
§ 5 
Proxy 
1.
Each Holder may be represented at the Holders' Meeting by proxy. Such right shall be set out 
in the Convening Notice regarding the Holders' Meeting. The Convening Notice shall further 
specify the prerequisites for valid representation by proxy. 
2.
The power of attorney and the instructions given by the principal to the proxy holder shall be 
made in text form (Textform). If a person nominated by the Issuer is appointed as proxy, the 
relevant power of attorney shall be kept by the Issuer in a verifiable form for a period of three 
years. 
§ 6 
Chair, Quorum 
1.
The person convening the Holders' Meeting shall chair the meeting unless another chairman has 
been determined by the court. 
2.
In the Holders' Meeting the chairman shall prepare a roster in text form of Holders present or 
represented by proxy. Such roster shall state the Holders' names, their registered office or place 
of residence as well as the number of voting rights represented by each Holder. Such roster shall 
promptly be made available to all Holders.

--- Page 571 ---
Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders of German Securities 
558 
3.
A quorum shall be constituted for the Holders' Meeting if the persons present represent by value 
not less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Securities. If it is determined at the meeting that no 
quorum exists, the chairman may convene a second meeting for the purpose of passing a new 
resolution. Such second meeting shall require no quorum. For those resolutions the valid 
adoption of which requires a qualified majority, the persons present at the meeting must 
represent not less than 25 per cent. of the outstanding Securities. Securities for which voting 
rights are suspended shall not be included in the outstanding Securities. 
§ 7 
Information Duties, Voting, Minutes 
1.
The Issuer shall be obliged to give information at the Holders' Meeting to each Holder upon 
request in so far as such information is required for an informed judgment regarding an item on 
the agenda or a proposed resolution. 
2.
The provisions of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) regarding the voting of 
shareholders at general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis to the casting and counting of 
votes, unless otherwise provided for in the Convening Notice. 
3.
In order to be valid each resolution passed at the Holders' Meeting shall be recorded in minutes 
of the meeting. If the Holders' Meeting is held in Germany, the minutes shall be recorded by a 
notary. If a Holders' Meeting is held abroad, it must be ensured that the minutes are taken in 
form and manner equivalent to minutes taken by a notary. Section 130 paragraphs 2 to 4 of the 
German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) shall apply mutatis mutandis. Each Holder 
present or represented by proxy at the Holders' Meeting may request from the Issuer, for up to 
one year after the date of the meeting, a copy of the minutes and any annexes. 
§ 8 
Publication of Resolutions 
1.
The Issuer shall at its expense cause publication of the resolutions passed in appropriate form. 
2.
In addition, the Issuer shall make available to the public the resolutions passed and, if the 
resolutions amend the Conditions, the wording of the original Conditions, for a period of not 
less than one month commencing on the day following the date of the Holders' Meeting. Such 
publication shall be made on the Issuer's website. 
§ 9 
Insolvency Proceedings in Germany 
1.
If insolvency proceedings have been instituted over the assets of the Issuer in Germany, then 
any resolutions of Holders shall be subject to the provisions of the German Insolvency Code 
(Insolvenzordnung), unless otherwise provided for in the provisions set out below. Section 340 
of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) shall remain unaffected. 
2.
The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a Joint Representative to exercise their rights 
jointly in the insolvency proceedings. If no Joint Representative has been appointed, the 
insolvency court shall convene a Holders' Meeting for this purpose in accordance with the 
provisions of the German Bond Act of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) and the provisions 
set out in this Appendix. 
3.
The Joint Representative shall be obliged and exclusively entitled to assert the rights of the 
Holders in the insolvency proceedings. The Joint Representative need not present the debt 
instrument. 
4.
In any insolvency plan, the Holders shall be offered equal rights. 
5.
The insolvency court shall cause that any publications pursuant to the provisions of the German 
Bond Act of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) are published additionally in the internet on 
the website prescribed in section 9 of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung).

--- Page 572 ---
Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders of German Securities 
559 
6.
If the Issuer includes claims under the Securities in an instrument within the stabilisation and 
restructuring framework under the Act on the Stabilisation and Restructuring of Businesses 
(Unternehmensstabilisierungs- und -restrukturierungsgesetz), the foregoing paragraphs will 
apply accordingly. 
§ 10 
Action to set aside Resolutions 
1.
An action to set aside a resolution of Holders may be filed on grounds of a breach of law or of 
the Conditions. A resolution of Holders may be subject to an action to set aside by a Holder on 
grounds of inaccurate, incomplete or denied information only if the furnishing of such 
information was considered to be essential in the reasonable judgement of such Holder for its 
voting decision. 
2.
An action to set aside a resolution may be brought by: 
(a)
any Holder who has taken part in the vote and has raised an objection against the 
resolution in the time required, provided that such Holder has acquired the Security 
before the publication of the Convening Notice for the Holders' Meeting or before the 
call to vote in a voting without a meeting; 
(b)
any Holder who did not take part in the vote, provided that his exclusion from voting 
was unlawful, the meeting had not been duly convened, the voting had not been duly 
called for, or if the subject matter of a resolution had not been properly notified. 
3.
The action to set aside a resolution passed by the Holders is to be filed within one month 
following the publication of such resolution. The action shall be directed against the Issuer. The 
court of exclusive jurisdiction shall be the Regional Court (Landgericht) of Frankfurt am Main. 
Section 246 paragraph 3 sentences 2 to 6 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis. A resolution which is subject to court action may not be 
implemented until the decision of the court has become res judicata, unless a senate of the 
Higher Regional Court (Oberlandesgericht) of the appropriate instance superior to the court 
competent pursuant to sentence 3 above rules, pursuant to section 246a of the German Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz), upon application of the Issuer that the filing of such action to 
be set aside does not impede the implementation of such resolution. Section 246a, paragraph 1 
sentences 1 and 2, paragraphs 2 and 3 sentences 1 to 4 and 6, and paragraph 4 of the German 
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) shall apply mutatis mutandis. 
§ 11 
Implementation of Resolutions 
1.
Resolutions passed by the Holders' Meeting which amend or supplement the contents of the 
Conditions shall be implemented by supplementing or amending the relevant Global Security. 
If the Global Security is held with a securities depository, the chairman of the meeting or the 
person presiding over the taking of votes shall to this end transmit the resolution passed and 
recorded in the minutes to the securities depository requesting it to attach the documents 
submitted to the existing documents in an appropriate manner. The chairman or the person 
presiding over the taking of votes shall confirm to the securities depository that the resolution 
may be implemented. 
2.
The Joint Representative may not exercise any powers or authorisations granted to it by 
resolution for as long as the underlying resolution may not be implemented.

--- Page 573 ---
Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders of German Securities 
560 
Part B 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO RESOLUTIONS TO BE PASSED BY VOTES OF HOLDERS 
WITHOUT MEETINGS 
Taking of Votes without Meeting 
1.
§§ 1 to 11 of Part A shall apply mutatis mutandis to the taking of votes without a meeting, unless 
otherwise provided in paragraphs 2 to 6 below. 
2.
The voting shall be conducted by the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such person 
shall be a notary appointed by the Issuer, or the Joint Representative if the latter has called for 
the taking of votes, or a person appointed by the court. § 1 paragraph 2 sentence 2 of Part A 
shall apply mutatis mutandis. 
3.
The call for the taking of votes shall specify the period within which votes may be cast. Such 
period shall not be less than 72 hours. During such period, the Holders may cast their votes in 
text form (Textform) to the person presiding over the taking of votes. The Convening Notice 
may provide for other forms of casting votes. The call for the taking of votes shall give details 
as to the prerequisites which must be met for the votes to qualify for being counted. 
4.
The person presiding over the taking of votes shall determine the entitlement to vote on the basis 
of proof presented and shall prepare a roster of the Holders entitled to vote. If a quorum does 
not exist, the person presiding over the taking of votes may convene a Holders' Meeting. Such 
meeting shall be deemed to be a second meeting within the meaning of § 6 paragraph 3 sentence 
3 of Part A. Minutes shall be taken of each resolution passed. § 7 paragraph 3 sentences 2 and 
3 of Part A shall apply mutatis mutandis. Each Holder who has taken part in the vote may request 
from the Issuer, for up to one year following the end of the voting period, a copy of the minutes 
and any annexes. 
5.
Each Holder who has taken part in the vote may object in writing to the result of the vote within 
two weeks following the publication of the resolutions passed. The objection shall be decided 
upon by the person presiding over the taking of votes. If he remedies the objection, he shall 
promptly publish the result. § 8 of Part A shall apply mutatis mutandis. If the person presiding 
over the taking of votes does not remedy the objection, he shall promptly inform the objecting 
Holder in writing. 
6.
The Issuer shall bear the costs of a vote taken without meeting and, if the court has granted leave 
to the application pursuant to § 1 paragraph 2 of Part A, also the costs of such proceedings.

--- Page 574 ---
Belgian Securities Annex 
561 
APPENDIX 2 – BELGIAN SECURITIES ANNEX 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO BELGIAN SECURITIES 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Where "Belgian Securities Annex" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then the 
terms and conditions of the Securities in the Base Prospectus shall be amended as follows: 
1.
General Condition 15.2 (Consequences of an Event of Default) 
General Condition 15.2 (Consequences of an Event of Default) is deleted in its entirety and 
replaced with the following: 
"(a) 
Event of Default in respect of Securities issued by JPMSP, JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co.
In respect of Securities issued by JPMSP, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan 
Chase & Co., if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Holder of any 
Note may give written notice to the relevant Issuer and the Relevant Programme Agent 
at their specified offices declaring such Note to be immediately due and payable, 
whereupon such Security shall become immediately due and payable on such date (such 
date, the "Acceleration Date") for an amount (such amount, the "Early Payment 
Amount"), which amount shall be, in respect of: 
(i)
each Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount (as defined in General 
Condition 31.1 (Definitions)), the greater of (I) the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and (II) the Fair Market Value, calculated in respect of the Acceleration 
Date provided that the Calculation Agent shall disregard any change in the credit 
worthiness of the relevant Issuer and the relevant Guarantor (if applicable) since 
the Issue Date of the Securities in its determination of such amount; and 
(ii)
each Security that does not have a Minimum Redemption Amount, the Fair 
Market Value calculated in respect of the Acceleration Date provided that the 
Calculation Agent shall disregard any change in the credit worthiness of the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Guarantor (if applicable) since the Issue Date of 
the Securities in its determination of such amount, 
unless the Event of Default shall have been cured by the Issuer or waived by the Holders 
prior to receipt of such notice by the Issuer and the Relevant Programme Agent. 
(b) 
Event of Default in respect of Securities issued by JPMCFC
In respect of Securities issued by JPMCFC: 
(i)
if an Event of Default as described in General Condition 15.1(a)(ii) or 15.1(b)(ii) 
has occurred and is continuing, the Holders of not less than 25 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes of the relevant Series 
affected thereby may give written notice to the Issuer and the Relevant 
Programme Agent at their specified offices declaring all of the Notes of such 
Series to be immediately due and payable; or 
(ii)
if an Event of Default as described in General Condition 15.1(c) has occurred and 
is continuing, such Securities shall automatically, and without any declaration or 
any other action on the part of the Holders of such Securities, become 
immediately due and payable, 
whereupon each such Security shall become immediately due and payable on such date 
(such date, the "Acceleration Date") for an amount (such amount, the "Early Payment 
Amount"), which amount shall be, in respect of:

--- Page 575 ---
Belgian Securities Annex 
562 
(A)
each Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount (as defined in 
General Condition 31.1 (Definitions)), the greater of (I) the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and (II) the Fair Market Value, calculated in respect 
of the Acceleration Date provided that the Calculation Agent shall 
disregard any change in the credit worthiness of the Issuer and the relevant 
Guarantor (if applicable) since the Issue Date of the Securities in its 
determination of such amount; and 
(B)
each Security that does not have a Minimum Redemption Amount, the Fair 
Market Value, calculated in respect of the Acceleration Date provided that 
the Calculation Agent shall disregard any change in the credit worthiness 
of the Issuer and the relevant Guarantor (if applicable) since the Issue Date 
of the Securities in its determination of such amount, 
unless in the case of General Condition 15.2(b)(i) above only the Event of Default shall 
have been cured by the Issuer or waived by the Holders prior to receipt of such notice by 
the Issuer and the Relevant Programme Agent." 
2.
General Condition 16 (Early Redemption or Termination for Illegality) 
General Condition 16 (Early Redemption or Termination for Illegality) is deleted in its entirety 
and replaced with the following: 
"The Issuer may, at its option, redeem or terminate (as applicable) the Securities early (on giving 
not less than seven nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Holders (such notice period, 
the "Termination Event Notice Period") (or such other notice period as may be specified as 
the "Termination Event Notice Period" in the relevant Issue Terms)) in the event that it (in the 
case of (ii) below, the relevant Guarantor, if any) determines in a commercially reasonable 
manner that (i) its performance of its obligations under the terms of the Securities or (ii) (if 
applicable) the performance by the relevant Guarantor under the relevant Guarantee, has become 
unlawful in whole or in part as a result of (x) any change in financial, political or economic 
conditions or currency exchange rates, or (y) compliance in good faith by the Issuer (or in the 
case of the relevant Guarantee, if any, the relevant Guarantor) or any relevant subsidiaries or 
affiliates with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgement, order or 
directive of any governmental, administrative or judicial authority or power or in interpretation 
thereof (such event, a "Termination Event")  
If the Termination Event (whether in and of itself or together with one or more other 
Termination Events) renders the continuance of the Securities definitively impossible, then the 
Termination Event shall be referred to as a "Termination Event (Impossible Performance)"; 
otherwise, if the Termination Event (whether in and of itself or together with one or more other 
Termination Events) does not render the continuance of the Securities definitively impossible, 
the Termination Event shall be referred to as a "Termination Event (Possible Performance)".  
In the event of an early redemption or termination (as applicable) of the Securities following a 
Termination Event (Impossible Performance) or Termination Event (Possible Performance), as 
the case may be, the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each such Security 
held by it the Early Payment Amount, determined as follows: 
(a)
in respect of a Termination Event (Impossible Performance), the Early Payment Amount 
shall be the Fair Market Value; and 
(b)
in respect of a Termination Event (Possible Performance), and: 
(i)
each Security that does not have a Minimum Redemption Amount, the Early 
Payment Amount shall be the Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement; and 
(ii)
each Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount, the Early Payment 
Amount shall be as provided in (A) or (B) below, as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms:

--- Page 576 ---
Belgian Securities Annex 
563 
(A)
the Early Payment Amount shall be the Best of Amount; or  
(B)
the Early Payment Amount shall be such amount as is determined by the 
application of the Monetisation with Holder Put Option." 
3.
General Condition 20 (Calculation Agent, Determination, Disclaimer of Liability and other 
terms) 
(a)
General Condition 20.2 (Standard of care for calculation, determination or other 
exercise of discretion) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"20.2 Standard of care for calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions to the contrary: 
(a)
all calculations and determinations and other exercises of discretion made by the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Conditions shall be made 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
(b)
whenever any matter falls to be determined, considered, elected, selected or 
otherwise decided upon by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other person 
under the Conditions, that matter shall be determined, considered, elected, 
selected or otherwise decided upon by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any 
other person in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, including 
without limitation and for the avoidance of doubt any such determination, 
consideration, election, selection or otherwise which is expressed in the 
Conditions to be in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or any other person; 
(c)
any hedging arrangements shall not be taken into consideration by the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or any other person in respect of any matter which falls to be 
determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other person under the Conditions; 
(d)
in respect of each provision in the Conditions pursuant to which the Calculation 
Agent or the Issuer may adjust the terms of the Securities (without the prior 
consent of the Holders), the Calculation Agent or Issuer (as applicable) shall take 
all reasonable measures to continue the Securities under similar terms and 
conditions so that any adjustment or alteration made to the essential 
characteristics of the Securities is not substantial and is made in order to preserve 
the original economic rationale and objectives of the Securities; 
(e)
in respect of each provision in the Conditions pursuant to which the Calculation 
Agent or the Issuer may substitute or replace a Reference Asset (without the prior 
consent of the Holders), the Calculation Agent or the Issuer (as applicable) may 
only replace the applicable original Reference Asset with a replacement asset 
which is as similar as possible to the original Reference Asset being replaced or 
substituted; and 
(f)
the Holders may not be charged any costs (such as settlement cost) in relation to 
adjustments or replacements as described in paragraphs (d) and (e) above. 
In the case of any inconsistency with any other term of the Conditions, this General 
Condition 20.2 (Standard of care for calculation, determination or other exercise of 
discretion) shall prevail (save that in the case of any inconsistency General Condition 
23.1 (Modifications and Waivers) shall prevail over this General Condition 20.2 
(Standard of care for calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion)." 
(b)
General Condition 20.3 (Disclaimer of Liability) is amended by deleting in its entirety 
and replaced with the following:

--- Page 577 ---
Belgian Securities Annex 
564 
"No liability shall attach to the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, or the Guarantor for errors 
or omissions in respect of any calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion 
by such relevant entity under the Conditions provided that, it has acted in accordance 
with General Condition 20.2 (Standard of care for calculation, determination or other 
exercise of discretion).  
No liability shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor for any calculation or determination 
or other exercise of discretion made by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Securities, 
provided that, it has acted in accordance with General Condition 20.2 (Standard of care 
for calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion)." 
4.
General Condition 27 (Substitution) 
(a)
General Condition 27.1 (Right of Substitution) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with 
the following: 
"The Issuer may (provided it has complied with the requirements set out in General 
Conditions 27.2(a) and (b) (inclusive) at any time, without the consent of the Holders, 
substitute for itself any company from JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its consolidated 
subsidiaries (including the Guarantors) (the "Substitute"), subject to the following: 
(a)
save where the Issuer being substituted is subject to legal restructuring (including 
without limitation voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, 
bankruptcy or insolvency or analogous proceedings), the Issuer being substituted 
unconditionally guarantees the fulfilment of the obligations of the Substitute 
under the Securities and the Deed of Covenant, in each case by means of the Deed 
Poll; 
(b)
if no guarantee by the Issuer pursuant to paragraph (a) above is required, the 
Substitute, on the date of such substitution, must have a long term credit rating 
from at least one internationally recognised credit rating agency active in the 
international capital markets (including but not limited to the relevant entity from 
the following rating groups: Standard & Poor's, Moody's Investors Service and 
Fitch Ratings) which is at least as high as that of the Issuer being substituted; and 
(c)
on the date of such substitution there is no Event of Default in existence and no 
event having occurred which remains in existence on such date which, in the 
absence of the relevant grace period, would otherwise constitute an Event of 
Default, in relation to the Securities." 
(b)
General Condition 27.2 (Means of Substitution (Securities other than German Securities 
and French Securities)) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"The right of substitution granted to Securities is subject to fulfilment of the following: 
(a)
the Substitute having, by means of a deed poll (the "Deed Poll"), substantially in 
the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement: 
(i) 
become a party to the Agency Agreement with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(ii) 
indemnified each Holder against (x) any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge that is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) 
the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes 
and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Security or the 
Deed of Covenant arising from or in connection with the substitution and 
(y) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or 
expense or losses suffered by the Holder relating to the substitution; 
(iii) 
completed all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled 
and done in respect of the substitution and to ensure that the Deed Poll, the 
Securities and Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and

--- Page 578 ---
Belgian Securities Annex 
565 
enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, in the case of the Deed Poll, 
of the relevant Guarantor, and a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
describing the Programme having been prepared if required to describe the 
Substitute; and 
(b)
the Issuer shall give at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the 
Holders (which shall be announced in accordance with General Condition 26 
(Notices)), stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all 
documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to above, or that might 
otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Holders, shall be available for 
inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents." 
5.
General Condition 31.1 (Definitions) 
(a)
The definition of "Early Payment Amount" under General Condition 31.1 (Definitions) 
is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
""Early Payment Amount" means,  
(a)
for the purposes only of General Condition 15.2 (Consequences of an Event of 
Default), as defined therein; 
(b)
for the purposes only of General Condition 16 (Early Redemption or Termination 
for Illegality), as defined therein; and 
(c)
for all other purposes, unless otherwise specified in the Conditions, such Early 
Payment Amount specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms." 
(b)
The following new definitions are deemed to be inserted into the list of existing defined 
terms under General Condition 31.1 (Definitions) in the correct alphabetical order: 
""Best of Amount" means an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent as the greater of (a) the Minimum Redemption Amount plus Pro Rata 
Issuer Cost Reimbursement and (b) the Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement." 
""Fair Market Value" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
second Business Day immediately preceding the due date for the early redemption of the 
Securities, representing the fair market value of such Securities, determined using its 
internal models and methodologies by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent 
may consider to be appropriate including, without limitation:  
(a)
market prices or values for the underlying(s) and other relevant economic 
variables (such as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant 
time taking into account the bid or offer prices of the underlying(s) (as relevant); 
(b)
the remaining term of the Securities had they remained outstanding to scheduled 
maturity or expiry and/or any scheduled early redemption; 
(c)
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption or cancellation amount 
which would have been payable had the Securities remained outstanding to 
scheduled maturity or expiry and/or any scheduled early redemption or exercise 
date;  
(d)
if applicable, accrued interest;  
(e)
internal pricing models;  
(f)
prices at which other market participants might bid for securities similar to the 
Securities; and

--- Page 579 ---
Belgian Securities Annex 
566 
(g)
any other information which the Calculation Agent considers to be relevant (but 
ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption). 
provided that Holders will not be charged any costs incurred by the Issuer and/or the 
Hedging Entity in connection with such early redemption or settlement, including, 
without limitation, any costs to the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity associated with 
unwinding any funding relating to the Securities, any costs associated with unwinding 
any related Underlying Hedge Transactions, and all other expenses related thereto." 
""Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement" means an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the sum of (i) Fair Market Value and (ii) Pro 
Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement." 
""Monetisation Amount" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Minimum Redemption Amount + (Option Value + Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement) × (1 + r)n
Where: 
"n" means the remaining term of the relevant Securities expressed in years, 
calculated from the date of the determination that the Securities will be early 
redeemed pursuant to and in accordance with the Conditions following the 
relevant early redemption event to the scheduled Maturity Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
"Option" means the option component or embedded derivative(s) in respect of 
the Calculation Amount of the Securities which provides exposure to the 
Reference Asset(s) (if any), the terms of which are fixed on the trade date (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) in order to enable the Issuer to issue such 
Security at the relevant price and on the relevant terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the bond component in respect of the Calculation Amount of the Securities 
is excluded from the Option; 
"Option Value" means, in respect of the Calculation Amount of the Securities, 
the value (if any) of the Option in respect thereof, subject to a minimum of zero, 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent on such day and time as selected by the 
Calculation Agent at or around the time notice of early redemption is given by 
reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent considers to be appropriate 
including, without limitation: 
(i)
market prices or values of any relevant Reference Asset(s) and other 
relevant economic variables (such as interest rates, dividend rates, 
financing costs, the value, price or level of any relevant Reference Asset(s) 
or other reference asset(s) and any futures or options relating to any of 
them; the volatility of any relevant Reference Asset(s) or other reference 
asset(s); and exchange rates (if applicable)); 
(ii)
the time remaining to maturity of the Securities had they remained 
outstanding to scheduled maturity; 
(iii)
internal pricing models; and 
(iv)
prices at which other market participants might bid for the Option; and 
"r" means the annualised interest rate that the Issuer offers on the date of 
determination that the Securities will be early redeemed pursuant to and in 
accordance with the Conditions following the relevant early redemption event(s) 
for a debt security with a maturity equivalent to the scheduled Maturity Date of 
the relevant Securities, taking into account the credit risk of the Issuer, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent."

--- Page 580 ---
Belgian Securities Annex 
567 
""Monetisation with Holder Put Option" means following the occurrence of the 
relevant early redemption event, the Issuer shall notify the Holders as soon as reasonably 
practicable in accordance with General Condition 26 (Notices) (such notice, the "Issuer's 
Notice of Early Redemption") that each Security will be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
for an amount equal to the Monetisation Amount (and no further amounts shall be 
payable under the Securities), unless the relevant Holder makes a valid election to 
exercise its option to redeem the Security for an amount equal to the Fair Market Value 
plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement at early redemption (the "Put Option"). The 
Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption may, but does not have to, include the Fair Market 
Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement of the Securities on a day selected by 
the Calculation Agent on or prior to the date of delivery of such notice, and shall include 
the cut-off date for exercise of the Put Option, the date of determination of the Fair 
Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement in respect of such election 
selected by the Calculation Agent (which may fall after the date of such notice) and the 
early redemption date. 
In order to make a valid election to exercise its Put Option referred to above to redeem 
some or all of its Securities for Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement at early redemption, a Holder must: 
(a)
in respect of a Global Security, no later than the cut-off date set out in the Issuer's 
Notice of Early Redemption, give to any Paying Agent or the Registrar, 
respectively, a put option exercise notice in the form required by the Relevant 
Programme Agent ("Put Option Exercise Notice"), except that the Put Option 
Exercise Notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the 
Securities in respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating the 
nominal amount of Securities in respect of which the option is exercised and at 
the same time presenting the Permanent Bearer Global Security to the Relevant 
Programme Agent or the Permanent Registered Global Security to the Registrar, 
as the case may be, for notation; or 
(b)
if such Security is in definitive form and held outside the Relevant Clearing 
System, no later than the cut-off date set out in the Issuer's Notice of Early 
Redemption, deposit the registered certificate representing such Securities with 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at any time during its normal business hours 
at its specified office, together with a duly completed Put Option Exercise Notice. 
No registered certificate representing such Security so deposited and option 
exercised may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer; 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, in respect of any Securities for which: 
(i)
a valid election to exercise the Holder's option to redeem such Securities for the 
Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement at early redemption 
has been made, the Early Payment Amount shall be an amount equal to the Fair 
Market Value of the Securities on the date specified as such in the Issuer's Notice 
of Early Redemption plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement, which amount 
shall be payable on the early redemption date specified as such in the Issuer's 
Notice of Early Redemption; and 
(ii)
a valid election to exercise the Holder's option to redeem such Securities for the 
Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement at early redemption 
has not been made, the Early Payment Amount shall be the Monetisation Amount 
(if any), which amount shall be payable on the Maturity Date. 
In both cases, no other amounts will be payable following the date the Issuer's Notice of 
Early Redemption is given." 
""Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement" means an amount equal to the product of the 
total costs of the Issuer (for example, and without limitation, structuring costs) paid by 
the original holder of the Securities as part of the original issue price of the Securities 
and the Relevant Proportion, as determined by the Calculation Agent."

--- Page 581 ---
Belgian Securities Annex 
568 
""Relevant Proportion" means a number equal to (i) the number of calendar days from, 
and excluding, the date of determination that the relevant Securities will be early 
redeemed pursuant to and in accordance with the Conditions following the relevant early 
redemption event(s) to, and including, the scheduled Maturity Date of the relevant 
Securities, divided by (ii) the number of calendar days from, and excluding, the Issue 
Date of the relevant Securities to, and including, the scheduled Maturity Date of the 
relevant Securities." 
6.
Index Linked Provision 3 (Correction of Index levels) 
Index Linked Provision 3 (Correction of Index levels) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with 
the following: 
"In the event that any relevant level of an Index published by the Index Sponsor on any date 
which is utilised for any calculation or determination in connection with the Securities is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the Index Sponsor: 
(a)
by the second Business Day prior to the next date on which any relevant payment may 
have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant determination in respect 
of the Securities may have to be made; or 
(b)
if earlier, one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, 
then the Calculation Agent may determine the amount that is payable or make any determination 
in connection with the Securities, after taking into account such correction, and, to the extent 
necessary, may adjust any relevant terms of the Securities to account for such correction, subject 
to and in accordance with General Condition 20.2 (Standard of care for calculation, 
determination or other exercise of discretion). 
Upon making any such determination or adjustment, as applicable, to account for such 
correction, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders stating 
the determination or adjustment, as applicable, to any amount payable under the Securities 
and/or any of the other relevant terms and giving brief details of the determination or adjustment, 
as applicable, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the 
determination or adjustment, as applicable, such correction or any action taken." 
7.
Index Linked Provision 4 (Consequences of Successors and Index Adjustment Events) 
Index Linked Provision 4 (Consequences of Successors and Index Adjustment Events) is deleted 
in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"4.1 
Consequences of a Successor Index Sponsor or a Successor Index
If an Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent (a "Successor Index 
Sponsor") or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of such Index, then in each case such index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed 
to be the Index.  
The Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, 
to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other 
terms of the Securities to account for such successor, subject to and in accordance with General 
Condition 20.2 (Standard of care for calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion). 
Upon making any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Holders stating the adjustment to any variable, calculation methodology, 
valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the Securities and/or any of the other 
relevant terms and giving brief details of the adjustment provided that any failure to give such 
notice shall not affect the validity of the adjustment or any action taken. 
4.2 
Consequences of an Index Adjustment Event

--- Page 582 ---
Belgian Securities Annex 
569 
If an Index Adjustment Event has occurred in respect of the Securities, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Securities and, if so, shall calculate the relevant level of the Index using, 
in lieu of a published level for such Index, the level for such Index as at or in respect of the 
relevant Reference Date, Averaging Date or any other relevant date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula for and method of calculating such Index last in effect prior to the relevant 
Index Adjustment Event, but using only those Components that comprised such Index 
immediately prior to such Index Adjustment Event. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not reasonably practicable to calculate or continue 
to calculate the Index pursuant to the preceding paragraph, the Calculation Agent may rebase 
the Securities against another index or basket of indices, as applicable, determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be comparable to the relevant Index, and, following such rebasing, the 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to 
any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms 
of the Securities to account for such rebasing subject to and in accordance with General 
Condition 20.2 (Standard of care for calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion). 
If the Calculation Agent determines that there is not such an index or basket of indices 
comparable to the relevant Index, and/or that application of the preceding paragraphs would not 
achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the 
Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in 
respect of each Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined 
in General Condition 31.1 (Definitions)). 
On making any such adjustment(s) or determination(s), the Calculation Agent shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Holders stating the adjustment to any amount payable under the 
Securities, the determination and/or any of the other relevant terms and giving brief details of 
the Index Adjustment Event, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the 
validity of the Index Adjustment Event or any action taken." 
8.
Index Linked Provision 8 (Definitions) 
(a)
The definition of "Additional Disruption Event" in Index Linked Provision 8 
(Definitions) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
""Additional Disruption Event" means (a) a Change in Law, and, (b) a Hedging 
Disruption, in each case if specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable." 
(b)
The definition of "Change in Law" in Index Linked Provision 8 (Definitions) is deleted 
in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
""Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date of the Securities (a) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines that it has, or it will, within the next 15 calendar days 
but on or prior to the Maturity Date, Redemption Date or Settlement Date, as is applicable 
to the Securities, become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of Components in the 
jurisdiction of such Components or that of the Issuer or the Guarantor."

--- Page 583 ---
CNH Provisions 
570 
APPENDIX 3 – CNH PROVISIONS 
Where "CNH Provisions" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then the following 
terms and conditions shall apply in respect of the Securities: 
1.
Offshore CNY Payment Disruption 
1.1
Notice of Offshore CNY Disruption Event 
In the event that the Calculation Agent, at any time and from time to time, determines in its 
reasonable discretion that an Offshore CNY Disruption Event has occurred or is likely to occur, 
then the Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the Holders of the Securities of 
the occurrence of an Offshore CNY Disruption Event in accordance with General Condition 26 
(Notices).  
1.2
Consequences of Offshore CNY Disruption Event 
If an Offshore CNY Disruption Event in relation to the Securities, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion, occurs on or prior to any date on which a payment 
is scheduled to be made under the Securities and such Offshore CNY Disruption Event is 
continuing on such date, the following disruption fallbacks will apply in the following order: 
(a)
"Settlement Postponement" means that the payment of any Offshore CNY amount 
payable by the Issuer shall be postponed to the second Business Day (as defined in the 
General Conditions) after the date on which the Offshore CNY Disruption Event ceases 
to exist, unless that Offshore CNY Disruption Event continues to exist for 14 consecutive 
calendar days from the original date that, but for the occurrence of such Offshore CNY 
Disruption Event, would have been the date for such payments (which payment date may 
be, but is not limited to, an Interest Payment Date (if any) or the Maturity Date). In that 
case, Non-Deliverable Substitute (as described in paragraph (b) below) shall apply on 
the day immediately following the lapse of such 14 calendar day period (such 
immediately following day being the "Scheduled Valuation Date"). 
(b)
"Non-Deliverable Substitute" means that the relevant payment obligations under the 
Securities shall be replaced by an obligation to pay an amount that would be due as if 
settlement were Non-Deliverable (as defined below) with: 
(i)
Offshore CNY being the "Reference Currency"; 
(ii)
United States dollar ("USD") being the "Settlement Currency"; and 
(iii)
the spot foreign exchange rate which is the Offshore CNY/USD official fixing 
rate, expressed as the amount of Offshore CNY per one USD for settlement in 
two Business Days reported by the Treasury Markets Association which appears 
on Refinitiv page <CNHFIX> at approximately 11:30 a.m., Hong Kong time 
determined in respect of the Valuation Date being the "Settlement Rate", subject 
to the provisions of paragraph 2 (Disruption Fallbacks for Settlement Rate) 
below. 
"Non-Deliverable" settlement means that, in respect of any payment date (including but 
not limited to the Maturity Date and an Interest Payment Date (if any)) on which an 
Offshore CNY Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing and Non-Deliverable 
Substitute is applicable, the payment of any amount due in Offshore CNY under the 
Securities on such payment date shall be converted using the Settlement Rate and settled 
in the Settlement Currency on the relevant Non-Deliverable Substitute Settlement Date, 
and in respect of such amount payable to the Holders under the Securities, the payment 
shall also be paid to the relevant Holder's account in Hong Kong. 
2.
Disruption Fallbacks for Settlement Rate 
If a Price Source Disruption has occurred and is continuing on the day that is the Valuation Date 
(or, if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course,

--- Page 584 ---
CNH Provisions 
571 
be published or announced by the relevant price source), then the Settlement Rate shall be 
determined in accordance with the disruption fallbacks in the following order: 
(a)
"Valuation 
Postponement 
for 
Price 
Source 
Disruption" 
or 
"Valuation 
Postponement" means, in the event that the Settlement Rate is not available on or before 
the first Business Day (or day that would have been a Business Day but for an 
Unscheduled Holiday) succeeding the day on which the Price Source Disruption occurs, 
the Settlement Rate will be determined in accordance with Fallback Reference Price (as 
defined below) on such day. 
(b)
"Fallback Reference Price" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the Calculation 
Agent shall in good faith select five leading dealers in total in the general CNY exchange 
market outside Mainland China, comprising dealer(s) who are active in the general CNY 
exchange market in respect of each Offshore CNY Centre, to provide quotes in relation 
to the Settlement Rate. If five quotes of the Settlement Rate are provided as requested, 
the Settlement Rate will be calculated by eliminating the highest and lowest quotes and 
taking the arithmetic mean of the remaining quotes. If at least three, but fewer than five 
quotations are provided, the Settlement Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations. If fewer than three quotations are provided as requested, the Settlement Rate 
shall be determined by way of Fallback Reference Price Postponement and Calculation 
Agent Determination of Settlement Rate (as defined below) in accordance with terms 
below. 
(c)
"Fallback Reference Price Postponement and Calculation Agent Determination of 
Settlement Rate" means, in the event that the Fallback Reference Price is not available 
on or before the third Business Day (or a day that would have been a Business Day but 
for an Unscheduled Holiday) succeeding the end of either (i) Valuation Postponement 
for Price Source Disruption, (ii) Deferral Period for Unscheduled Holiday, or (iii) 
Cumulative Events, then the Calculation Agent will determine the Settlement Rate (or a 
method for determining the Settlement Rate), taking into consideration all available 
information that in good faith it deems relevant. For the avoidance of doubt, Cumulative 
Events, if applicable, does not preclude postponement of valuation in accordance with 
this provision. 
For these purposes, "Cumulative Events" means, notwithstanding anything herein to 
the contrary, in no event shall the total number of consecutive calendar days during which 
either (i) valuation is deferred due to an Unscheduled Holiday, or (ii) a Valuation 
Postponement shall occur (or any combination of (i) and (ii)), exceed 14 consecutive 
calendar days in the aggregate. Accordingly, (x) if, upon the lapse of any such 
consecutive calendar day period, an Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be 
continuing on the day following such period that otherwise would have been a Business 
Day, then such day shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date, and (y) if, upon the lapse of 
any such consecutive calendar day period, a Price Source Disruption shall have occurred 
or be continuing on the day following such period, then Valuation Postponement shall 
not apply and the Settlement Rate shall be determined in accordance with the next 
disruption fallback. 
3.
Definitions 
The following words and expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Business Day", for the purposes of paragraph 1.2(b) and paragraph 2 above and the definitions 
of "Valuation Date" and "Unscheduled Holiday" herein, means, unless otherwise specified, a 
day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of any Price Source 
Disruption, would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in 
accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in Hong Kong. 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including 
the central bank) of Mainland China and/or Hong Kong.

--- Page 585 ---
CNH Provisions 
572 
"Mainland China" means the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and 
Taiwan). 
"Non-Deliverable Substitute Settlement Date" means any payment date determined pursuant 
to the terms herein, subject to adjustment if the Scheduled Valuation Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Following Business Day Convention or if Valuation Postponement applies, 
and in each such case, the Non-Deliverable Substitute Settlement Date shall be as soon as 
practicable, but in no event later than two Business Days (as defined in the General Conditions) 
after the date on which the Settlement Rate is determined. 
"Offshore CNY Centre" means Hong Kong.  
"Offshore CNY Disruption Event" means any of the following:  
(i)
Offshore CNY Illiquidity;  
(ii)
Offshore CNY Inconvertibility; or  
(iii)
Offshore CNY Non-Transferability.  
"Offshore CNY Illiquidity" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible (where 
it had previously been possible) for the Issuer to obtain a firm quote of an offer price in respect 
of an amount in Offshore CNY equal to the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Early Payment Amount, any redemption amount, Fixed Coupon Amount, interest 
amount or any other amount to be paid under the Securities on the relevant payment date (the 
"Relevant Disrupted Amount"), either in one transaction or a commercially reasonable 
number of transactions that, when taken together, is no less than such Relevant Disrupted 
Amount, in the general Offshore CNY exchange market in Hong Kong in order to perform its 
obligations under the Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, the inability for the Issuer to obtain 
such firm quote solely due to issues relating to its creditworthiness shall not constitute an 
Offshore CNY Illiquidity.  
"Offshore CNY Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible 
(where it had previously been possible) for the Issuer to convert any amount of Offshore CNY 
no less than the Relevant Disrupted Amount into or from USD in the general Offshore CNY 
exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure 
of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for such 
party, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). For the 
avoidance of doubt, the inability for the Issuer to convert Offshore CNY solely due to issues 
relating to its creditworthiness shall not constitute an Offshore CNY Inconvertibility.  
"Offshore CNY Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it 
impossible (where it had previously been possible) for the Issuer to transfer Offshore CNY (A) 
between accounts inside Hong Kong; (B) from an account inside Hong Kong to an account 
outside Hong Kong and outside Mainland China or (C) from an account outside Hong Kong 
and outside Mainland China to an account inside Hong Kong, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Issue Date and it is impossible for such party, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation). For the purpose of this definition of "Offshore CNY Non-
Transferability" only, a segregated Chinese Renminbi fiduciary cash account with the People's 
Bank of China and operated by Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited shall be deemed to be an 
account inside Hong Kong. 
"Price Source Disruption" means it becomes impossible to obtain the Settlement Rate on the 
Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the 
ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant price source).  
"Valuation Date" means the Scheduled Valuation Date, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Preceding Business Day Convention; provided however, that in the event of an

--- Page 586 ---
CNH Provisions 
573 
Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Following Business Day 
Convention.  
In the event the Scheduled Valuation Date becomes subject to the Following Business Day 
Convention after the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday, and if the Valuation Date has not 
occurred on or before 14 consecutive calendar days after the Scheduled Valuation Date (any 
such period being a "Deferral Period"), then the next day after the Deferral Period that would 
have been a Business Day but for the Unscheduled Holiday shall be deemed to be the Valuation 
Date ("Deferral Period for Unscheduled Holiday").   
"Unscheduled Holiday" means a day that is not a Business Day and the market was not aware 
of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available 
information) until a time later than 9:00 a.m. local time in Hong Kong two Business Days prior 
to the Scheduled Valuation Date.  
For the avoidance of doubt, reference to "general Offshore CNY exchange market in Hong 
Kong" in the definitions of "Offshore CNY Illiquidity" and "Offshore CNY Inconvertibility" 
refers to purchase, sale, lending or borrowing of Offshore CNY for general purpose (including, 
but not limited to, funding), and therefore any purchase or sale of Offshore CNY where such 
Offshore CNY is required by relevant laws or regulations for settlement of any cross-border 
trade transaction with any entity in Mainland China, or any purchase or sale of Offshore CNY 
for personal customers residing in Hong Kong, would not be a purchase or a sale made in such 
general Offshore CNY exchange market in Hong Kong.

--- Page 587 ---
Form of Final Terms 
574 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche is set out below: 
FINAL TERMS  
[Include if applicable: PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPS 
Regulation. Notwithstanding the above, if the Dealer subsequently prepares and publishes a key 
information document under the EU PRIIPs Regulation in respect of the Securities, then the prohibition 
on the offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the EEA as 
described above shall no longer apply.] 
[Include if applicable: PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the "UK 
Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPS Regulation. Notwithstanding the above, if the Dealer subsequently prepares and publishes a key 
information document under the UK PRIIPs Regulation in respect of the Securities, then the prohibition 
on the offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the United 
Kingdom as described above shall no longer apply.] 
[Include for all Securities which may include any ESG considerations: There is currently no universally 
accepted, global framework or definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to 
what constitutes a "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" (Environmental, Social or 
Governance) or an equivalently-labelled product or project, or as to what precise attributes are required 
for a particular investment, product, project or asset to be defined as "green", "sustainable", "climate-
friendly", "social", "ESG" or such other equivalent label; nor can any assurance be given that such a 
globally accepted definition or consensus will develop over time.  
[Include for all Securities which may include any ESG considerations, other than Sustainable 
Securities: The Securities are not intended to and no assurance is or can be given to investors 
that they satisfy, in whole or in part, any present or future "green", "sustainable", "climate-
friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled certification, criteria, standard, guideline, 
taxonomy, label, voluntary guideline and/or other independent expectation with which an 
investor or its investments may be expected to comply or otherwise seeks to have. For example 
and without limitation, the Securities are not Green Bonds and/or Social Bonds as defined under 
the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles and/or Social 
Bond Principles; the Securities are not intended to qualify for the EU Green Bond label under

--- Page 588 ---
Form of Final Terms 
575 
the EU Green Bond Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2023/2631); do not take into account any of 
the EU criteria for environmentally sustainable investments, including as set out under the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2020/852) (or any equivalent regime); nor do they 
qualify as "sustainable investments" as defined under the Sustainable Finance Disclosure 
Regulations (Regulation (EU) 2019/2088) (or any equivalent regime).] 
[Include for Sustainable Securities that are not linked to Reference Asset(s): Save as specified 
in "Use of Proceeds" below, the Securities and the Eligible Projects are not intended to and no 
assurance is or can be given to investors that they satisfy, in whole or in part, any present or 
future "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled 
certification, criteria, standard, guideline, taxonomy, label, voluntary guideline and/or other 
independent expectation with which an investor or its investments may be expected to comply 
or otherwise seeks to have. For example and without limitation, the Securities are not intended 
to qualify for the EU Green Bond label under the EU Green Bond Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2023/2631); do not take into account any of the EU criteria for environmentally sustainable 
investments, including as set out under the EU Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2020/852) (or any equivalent regime); nor do they qualify as "sustainable investments" as 
defined under the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulations (Regulation (EU) 2019/2088) (or 
any equivalent regime). The value of and market for the Sustainable Securities may be 
negatively affected if any concerns should arise among investors or the market in general about 
the suitability of the Sustainable Securities as "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", 
"social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled bonds or if, more broadly, investor demand for "green", 
"sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled bonds diminishes 
due to evolving investor preferences, increased regulatory or market scrutiny of investments 
linked to environmental, social or sustainability objectives, or for other reasons.] 
[Include for Sustainable Securities that are linked to Reference Asset(s): Save as specified in 
"Use of Proceeds" below, the Securities or the Eligible Projects are not intended to and no 
assurance is or can be given to investors that they satisfy, in whole or in part, any present or 
future "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled 
certification, criteria, standard, guideline, taxonomy, label, voluntary guideline and/or other 
independent expectation with which an investor or its investments may be expected to comply 
or otherwise seeks to have. For example and without limitation, the Securities are not intended 
to qualify for the EU Green Bond label under the EU Green Bond Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2023/2631); do not take into account any of the EU criteria for environmentally sustainable 
investments, including as set out under the EU Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2020/852) (or any equivalent regime); nor do they qualify as "sustainable investments" as 
defined under the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulations (Regulation (EU) 2019/2088) (or 
any equivalent regime). [Include only where the Reference Asset(s) may not include any ESG 
considerations: In particular, while the net proceeds from the issuance of the Securities may be 
allocated to fund Eligible Projects, amounts payable and/or deliverable with respect to the 
Securities may be linked to the performance of one or more Reference Assets which do not align 
with and/or take into consideration any "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", 
"ESG" or equivalently-labelled certification, criteria, standard, guideline, taxonomy, label, 
voluntary guideline and/or other independent expectation.] The value of and market for the 
Sustainable Securities may be negatively affected if any concerns should arise among investors 
or the market in general about the suitability of the Sustainable Securities as "green", 
"sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled bonds or if, more 
broadly, investor demand for "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or 
equivalently-labelled bonds diminishes due to evolving investor preferences, increased 
regulatory or market scrutiny of investments linked to environmental, social or sustainability 
objectives, or for other reasons.]] 
[U.S. Withholding Tax
The U.S. federal income tax treatment of contingent coupons is uncertain. Due to this uncertainty, it is 
expected that withholding agents will (and we, if we are the withholding agent, intend to) withhold on 
any contingent coupon paid to a Non-U.S. Holder generally at a rate of 30% or at a reduced rate specified 
by an applicable income tax treaty under an "other income" or similar provision. We will not be required 
to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts withheld. Potential investors should be aware that 
the Securities may be held only by investors eligible for the benefits of a tax treaty with the United States

--- Page 589 ---
Form of Final Terms 
576 
pursuant to which contingent coupons payable under the Securities are exempt from U.S. withholding 
tax under an "other income" article or similar provision. A Non-U.S. Holder of the Securities must 
comply with certification requirements to establish that it is not a U.S. person and is eligible for such an 
exemption under an applicable tax treaty, including providing a properly completed and executed IRS 
Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E to the applicable U.S. withholding agent. If you are a Non-U.S. 
Holder, you should consult your tax adviser regarding the tax treatment of the Securities, including the 
possibility of obtaining a refund of any withholding tax and the certification requirements described 
above.] [Include only for contingent coupon structures issued by JPMCFC, JPMCC or JPMCB] 
[The Securities constitute "loss-absorbing capacity" within the meaning of the final rules (the "TLAC") 
issued by the Federal Reserve on 15 December 2016 regarding, among other things, the minimum levels 
of unsecured external long-term debt and other loss-absorbing capacity that certain U.S. bank holding 
companies, including JPMorgan Chase & Co., are required to maintain. Investors should pay particular 
attention to the relevant TLAC risk factor under the heading entitled "U.S. insolvency and resolution 
considerations" in the Base Prospectus (pages 9 to 10 inclusive).]1
Final Terms dated [] 
[JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC / J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V./JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A./JPMorgan Chase & Co.] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [549300NJFDJOFYVV6789]2 / [XZYUUT6IYN31D9K77X08]3 / 
[7H6GLXDRUGQFU57RNE97]4 / [8I5DZWZKVSZI1NUHU748]5
Structured Securities Programme for the issuance of Notes, Warrants and Certificates 
[Guaranteed by
JPMorgan Chase & Co.6 / JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.7] 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche (or, if booked in Units, the total number of Units)]8
[Number of Warrants/Certificates (or, insert Aggregate Notional Amount, if booked in Notional)]9
[Title of Securities] due [] (the "Securities") 
[Include in case "Swiss Non-Exempt Public Offer" is specified as "Yes": The Securities do not 
constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Federal 
Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA") and are not subject to authorisation or 
supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA. Accordingly, investors 
do not have the benefit of the specific investor protection provided under the CISA and are exposed 
to the credit risk of the Issuer and Guarantor (if applicable).] 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the General Conditions[, the Payout Conditions] 
and the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions (as may be amended and/or supplemented up to, 
and including, [insert Issue Date]10) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 17 April 2025 (the "Base 
1
Include for applicable New York Law Notes issued by JPMCC. 
2
Include if JPMCFC issuance. 
3
Include if JPMSP issuance. 
4
Include if JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. issuance. 
5
Include if JPMorgan Chase & Co. issuance. 
6
Include if JPMCFC issuance. 
7
Include if JPMSP issuance. 
8
Include if issuance of Notes. 
9
Include if issuance of Warrants or Certificates. 
10
In respect of fungible issuances, include Issue Date of the first Tranche.

--- Page 590 ---
Form of Final Terms 
577 
Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] dated [insert the date(s) for supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] 
to the Base Prospectus] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU 
Prospectus Regulation"), and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. [A Summary of 
the Securities is annexed to these Final Terms.]11 Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus 
[(as supplemented)]. The Base Prospectus and any supplements to the Base Prospectus are available from 
[The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V., Luxembourg Branch, at Vertigo Building, Polaris, 2-4 rue 
Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, Luxembourg]12 [BNP Paribas S.A. Germany Branch, Senckenberganlage 19, 
60325 Frankfurt am Main, Germany]13 [and in electronic form on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
website (www.luxse.com)]14. [These Final Terms together with any notice to the Final Terms may be 
viewed on the website of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (www.borsaitaliana.com) (upon admission to 
trading).]15
[The Base 
Prospectus expires on 17 April 2026. [The Issuer [and the Guarantor] 
[intend[s]]/[anticipate[s]] that the Base Prospectus will be updated and replaced on or prior to such date.]. 
The new base prospectus (the "[] Base Prospectus") will be valid from and including [] and will be 
published on Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com) and the J.P. Morgan Retail 
Derivative Products web portal (https://sp.jpmorgan.com/spweb/index.html). [Following expiry of the 
Base Prospectus]/[From and including []] the offering of the Securities will continue under the [] Base 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions of the Securities from the Base Prospectus will be incorporated by 
reference into the [] Base Prospectus and will continue to apply to the Securities.]16
[For Tranches of Securities to be issued under the Base Prospectus which are to be fungible with one or 
more tranches of Securities issued under the 2020 Base Prospectus, the 2021 Base Prospectus, the 2022 
Base Prospectus, the 2023 Base Prospectus, the April 2024 Base Prospectus or the December 2024 Base 
Prospectus (as applicable), the form of Final Terms will be the 2020 Form of Final Terms, the 2021 
Form of Final Terms, the 2022 Form of Final Terms, the 2023 Form of Final Terms, the April 2024 
Form of Final Terms or the December 2024 Form of Final Terms (as applicable) (which is incorporated 
by reference into the Base Prospectus), save as provided in paragraph 12 (Fungible issuances) of the 
section entitled "Important Legal Information" of the Base Prospectus] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
either (i) remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs, or (ii) be revised based on the deletion of all individual paragraphs that are "Not 
Applicable". Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
[(i) 
Series Number: 
[]/Not Applicable] 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[]] 
[(If fungible with an existing Series, include the 
date on which the Securities become fungible) 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies17: 
[] [EUR, as defined in General Condition 
31.1 (Definitions)] 
11
Delete if the Securities have a denomination of at least EUR 100,000, unless otherwise required pursuant to Article 7 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. 
12
Include if issuance of Registered Securities. 
13
Include if issuance of German Securities. 
14
Include if admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
15
Include if issuance of Italian Certificates. 
16
Include for Securities which straddle this Base Prospectus and a future Base Prospectus. 
17
For domestic issues whose settlement is made from an account located in France, payments with respect to the French Securities shall 
be made in euros (pursuant to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil).

--- Page 591 ---
Form of Final Terms 
578 
3. 
Notes, Warrants or Certificates: 
[Notes/Warrants/Certificates] 
(If the Issuer is JPMCFC, then Warrants 
are not permitted) 
4. 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount] [Aggregate 
Notional Amount] [Number of 
[Notes/Warrants/Certificates]]: 
[Up to] [] 
[(i) 
Series:
[Up to] [] [being the equivalent of [up to] 
[] Units (insert only if Trading in Units is 
specified as applicable below)] 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[Up to] []] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount] [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (in the case of fungible issues of Notes 
only, if applicable)] [[amount in specified 
currency] per Unit (for Notes booked in 
Units)]/[ ] per [Warrant/Certificate] 
(specify percentage of the Aggregate 
Notional Amount if booked in notional) 
[Insert only if applicable for Exempt 
Securities where a Pricing Supplement is 
prepared: The Issue Price specified above 
may be more than the market value of the 
Securities as at the Issue Date, and the 
price, if any, at which the Dealer or any 
other person is willing to purchase the 
Securities in secondary market transactions 
is likely to be lower than the Issue Price. In 
particular, where permitted by applicable 
law and subject to any additional ex ante 
cost disclosure required by such, the Issue 
Price may take into account amounts with 
respect to commissions relating to the issue 
and sale of the Securities as well as 
amounts relating to the hedging of the 
Issuer's obligations under the Securities 
and secondary market prices may exclude 
such amounts. 
If any commissions or fees relating to the 
issue and sale of the Securities have been 
paid or are payable by the Dealer to an 
intermediary, then such intermediary may 
be obliged to fully disclose to its clients the 
existence, nature and amount of any such 
commissions 
or 
fees 
(including, 
if 
applicable, by way of discount) as required 
in accordance with laws and regulations 
applicable to such intermediary, including 
any legislation, regulation and/or rule 
implementing the Markets in Financial 
Instruments 
Directive 
(Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended), or as otherwise 
may apply in any non-EEA jurisdictions

--- Page 592 ---
Form of Final Terms 
579 
Investors in the Securities intending to 
invest in Securities through an intermediary 
(including by way of introducing broker) 
should request details of any such 
commission or fee payment from such 
intermediary before making any purchase 
hereof] 
(i) 
[Specified Denomination] / [Notional 
Amount per [Warrant/Certificate]] (if 
Warrants or Certificates are trading in 
notional):
[[ ]/Not Applicable] (Notes issued by 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. must have a 
minimum denomination of at least EUR 
1,000 
(or 
its 
equivalent 
in 
other 
currencies)) (In respect of French Notes 
which are obligations there shall be one 
denomination only) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount:
[] 
(iii) 
Trading in Units (Notes):
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Trading in Units may only be specified to 
be Applicable if the Notes have a single 
Specified Denomination) 
(iv) 
Trading in Notional (Certificates): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Trading in 
Notional (Certificates) shall be specified as 
Not Applicable in the case of Italian 
Certificates)
[(v) 
Minimum trading size: 
The Securities may only be traded in a 
minimum 
initial 
amount 
of 
[
] 
Securit[y/ies] [(corresponding to [an/a] 
[aggregate] [nominal/notional] amount of [
])] and, thereafter, in multiples of [ ] 
Securit[y/ies] 
[(corresponding 
to 
a 
[nominal/notional] amount of [])] [This 
restriction does not apply to any Securities 
purchased by the Issuer or the Dealer]] 
6. 
Issue Date: 
[] 
[Trade Date: 
[]]  
7. 
Maturity Date/Settlement Date/Settlement 
Date and Redemption Date:18
[[] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]] / 
As specified in the Credit Linked 
Provisions / [In respect of each Security: 
(i) 
exercised by the Holder pursuant 
to General Condition 11.1 and 
11.3, shall be the earlier of (a) the 
[tenth]/[

] 
Business 
Day 
following the Exercise Date for 
such Security and (b) [insert date]; 
or 
(ii) 
deemed 
to 
be 
automatically 
exercised on the Expiration Date 
18
In the case of Securities which are (i) Notes, specify "Maturity Date", (ii) Certificates, specify "Settlement Date and Redemption Date", 
and (iii) Warrants, specify "Settlement Date".

--- Page 593 ---
Form of Final Terms 
580 
pursuant to General Condition 
11.1, [insert date]]19
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO NOTES 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
8. 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
9. 
Floating-to-Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
10.
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[
] (Specify date)/Issue Date/Not 
Applicable] 
11.
Fixed Rate Accrual Provisions (General 
Condition 4.1(a)): 
(Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Securities 
are Credit Linked Securities, the above heading 
should be replaced with the following:) 
[Fixed Rate Note Provisions (Credit Linked 
Provision [1.6]20/[2.2]21/[3.2]22)]: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest:
[[ ] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]/ [In 
respect of each Interest Period, as set forth 
in the table below in the column entitled 
"Rate(s) of Interest" corresponding to such 
Interest Period (Use table below if more 
than one Rate of Interest is applicable)]/ [In 
respect of each Interest Period falling 
within each of Fixed Rate Period [1] 
(repeat as necessary for each Fixed Rate 
Period) (each a "Fixed Rate Period"), as 
set forth in the table below in the column 
entitled "Rate(s) of Interest" corresponding 
to each such Interest Period falling within 
such Fixed Rate Period (Use table below if 
more than one Fixed Rate Period and Rate 
of Interest is applicable)] 
Interest Period(s) 
Rate(s) of Interest 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
From [and including] [but 
excluding] the Interest Period 
End 
Date 
[falling 
on] 
[scheduled to fall on] the date 
specified 
in 
the 
column 
entitled "From" below to [and 
including] [but excluding] the 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] 
in arrear] 
[] 
19
Any Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. will not have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue. 
20
Insert if the CLN Type of the Securities is "Single Name CLN". 
21
Insert if the CLN Type of the Securities is "Credit Index Untranched CLN". 
22
Insert if the CLN Type of the Securities is "Credit Index Tranched CLN".

--- Page 594 ---
Form of Final Terms 
581 
Interest Period End Date 
[falling on] [scheduled to fall 
on] the date specified in the 
column entitled "To" below [, 
subject as provided in Credit 
Linked Provision 1.6]23 / [As 
specified in Credit Linked 
Provision 4.3]24]/ 
[In respect of each Interest 
Period falling within the 
period beginning on [and 
including]/[but 
excluding] 
[the Issue Date]/[ ] and 
ending on [and including]/[but 
excluding] [] ("Fixed Rate 
Period 
[1]") 
(repeat 
as 
necessary for each Fixed Rate 
Period)] 
[From 
To 
[] 
[]] 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] 
in arrear] 
[] 
(repeat as required) 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s) applicable in 
respect of Fixed Rate Notes: 
[[ ] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [] to, and including, []] / [In 
respect of each Interest Period, as set forth 
in the table above in the column entitled 
"Interest Payment Date(s)" corresponding 
to such Interest Period] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/[and [each] 
such date shall not be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention]] (repeat as required) 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(iv) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
], to, and including, []] / [Each date set 
forth in the table above] [- Adjusted / 
Unadjusted] (repeat as necessary) 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
23
Insert if the CLN Type of the Securities is "Single Name CLN". 
24
Insert if the CLN Type of the Securities is "Credit Index Tranched CLN" or "Credit Index Untranched CLN".

--- Page 595 ---
Form of Final Terms 
582 
12.
Fixed Coupon Amount Provisions (General 
Condition 4.1(b)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest:
[[ ] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]/ In 
respect of each Interest Period, as set forth 
in the table below in the column entitled 
"Rate(s) of Interest" corresponding to such 
Interest Period] (Use table if more than one 
Rate of Interest) [Not Applicable] 
Interest Period(s) 
Rate(s) of Interest 
From [and including] [but excluding] the Interest 
Period End Date [falling on] [scheduled to fall on] 
the date specified in the column entitled "From" 
below to [and including] [but excluding] the 
Interest Period End Date [falling on] [scheduled to 
fall on] the date specified in the column entitled 
"To" below 
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
From 
To 
[] 
[] 
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s) in respect of 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
[[ ] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [ ] to, and including, [ ]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/[and 
[each] such date shall not be subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
any 
Business Day Convention]] (repeat as 
required) 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount / As set forth 
in the table below in the column entitled 
"Fixed Coupon Amount(s)"] / [Not 
Applicable] 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) 
[[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to, and including, []] [subject to adjustment 
in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/[and [each] such date shall not be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention]]  
[] per Calculation Amount  
[[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to, and including, []] [subject to adjustment 
in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/[and [each] such date shall not be 
[] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 596 ---
Form of Final Terms 
583 
subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention]] 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling on [] [and] [] (Insert particulars 
of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) and the Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which they relate)/Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Not 
Applicable] 
13.
Floating Rate Note Provisions (General 
Condition 4.2): 
(Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Securities 
are Credit Linked Securities, the above heading 
should be replaced with the following:) 
[Floating Rate Note Provisions (Credit Linked 
Provision [1.6]25/[2.2]26/[3.2]27)]: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
] to, and including, []] / [Each date set 
forth in the table above] [- Adjusted / 
Unadjusted] (repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes: 
[] 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
[subject to adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
(ISDA 2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(b)) (but 
not the ISDA 2006 Definitions) provide an 
option to make the above applicable where 
either the Modified Following Business 
Day Convention or Preceding Business 
Day Convention applies to Interest Period 
End Dates. Therefore, only specify as 
applicable if (i) the Modified Following 
25
Insert if the CLN Type of the Securities is "Single Name CLN". 
26
Insert if the CLN Type of the Securities is "Credit Index Untranched CLN". 
27
Insert if the CLN Type of the Securities is "Credit Index Tranched CLN".

--- Page 597 ---
Form of Final Terms 
584 
Business Day Convention or Preceding 
Business Day Convention applies to 
Interest Period End Dates and (ii) the 
preference is to make the Business Day 
Convention subject to adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday) 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA 
Determination / SONIA Floating Rate 
Determination (Non-Index Determination) 
/ SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Index Determination) / SOFR Floating 
Rate Determination / TONA Floating Rate 
Determination / €STR Floating Rate 
Determination] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination for Rate of 
Interest (General Condition 4.2(b)(ii): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Page: 
[] 
- 
Benchmark: 
[Specify benchmark or other rate] 
- 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
- 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[

][TARGET2 
Settlement 
Days] 
[Business Days] in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in 
each Interest Period/each Interest Payment 
Date]] 
- 
Reference Banks: 
[Specify five] 
- 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The 
financial 
centre 
most 
closely 
connected to the Reference Rate - specify if 
not London] 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained 
with effect from commencement of Interest 
Period] 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination for Rate of Interest 
(General Condition 4.2(b)(i)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions/2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are 
applicable, ensure this is a Floating Rate 
Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions))

--- Page 598 ---
Form of Final Terms 
585 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date]/[] 
- 
Termination Date: 
[Maturity 
Date/Settlement 
Date/Redemption 
Date/Optional 
Redemption Date/[]] 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not 
relevant where the relevant Floating Rate 
Option is a risk-free rate) 
- 
Reset Date: 
[[ ]/As specified in General Condition 
4.2(b)(i)] 
[subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Floating 
Rate/Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, 
insert same Business Day Convention as 
for Interest Period End Dates unless "No 
Adjustment" applies to such dates, in which 
case delete the reference to Business Day 
Convention so that relevant ISDA fallbacks 
relating to Business Day Conventions will 
apply) 
- 
[Period End Date/Termination 
Date adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(ISDA 2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(b)) (but 
not the ISDA 2006 Definitions) provide an 
option to make this applicable where either 
the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention or Preceding Business Day 
Convention applies to Interest Period End 
Dates. 
Therefore, 
only 
specify 
as 
applicable if (i) the 2021 Definitions are 
applicable, (ii) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention or Preceding 
Business Day Convention applies to 
Interest Period End Dates and (iii) the 
preference is to make the Business Day 
Convention subject to adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday. Note that the ISDA 
2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(a)) provides 
that, where Modified Following Business 
Day Convention or Preceding Business 
Day Convention applies to Interest Period 
End Date, adjustment of the relevant 
Payment 
Date 
as 
a 
result 
of 
an 
Unscheduled Holiday is applicable by 
default (unless specified otherwise)) 
- 
Compounding/ Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method" or "Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method" is applicable.

--- Page 599 ---
Form of Final Terms 
586 
Otherwise, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[OIS Compounding/Compounding with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation 
Period 
Shift/Compounding 
with 
Lockout/Not Applicable]] 
[Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not 
Applicable]] 
[Lookback: 
[[ ] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Lookback or Averaging with Lookback)] 
[Observation Period Shift: 
[[ ] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days] /[As specified in the [2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify Not Applicable unless 
the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: []/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift)] 
[Lockout: 
[[] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable 
only for Compounding with Lockout or 
Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [ ]/ 
[Applicable Business Days]] (Specify 
Applicable Business Days unless the 
standard 
position 
under 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed)] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method. If Not Applicable, 
delete the Daily Capped Rate and Daily 
Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%]]

--- Page 600 ---
Form of Final Terms 
587 
[[Day Count Basis: 
[ ]] (If not included this will be the 
denominator of the Day Count Fraction)] 
- 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating 
Rate Option and an Index Method. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (may only be 
selected if the 2021 Definitions are 
specified)/Compounded 
Index 
Method/Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift]/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] Definitions] 
(Include the following only if using 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] (Not Applicable should be 
specified unless the standard position 
under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified 
in the [2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: []] 
[Day Count Basis: 
[ ]] (If not included this will be the 
denominator of the Day Count Fraction) 
(viii) 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Non-Index 
Determination) 
(General 
Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Lag): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Page: 
[]/[SONIAOSR=] 
- 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Fifth day on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London prior to the Interest 
Period End Date of each Interest Period]/[
] 
- 
p: 
[Five London Banking Days]/[[] London 
Banking Days]

--- Page 601 ---
Form of Final Terms 
588 
(ix) 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Index 
Determination) 
(General 
Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(B)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest 
Period End Date for the relevant Interest 
Period]/[] 
- 
Relevant Number: 
[] 
(x) 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
(General Condition 4.2(b)(iv)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR, 
except 
where 
Index 
Determination is applicable) 
- 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days 
(Specify for Compounded Daily SOFR, 
except where Index Determination is 
applicable. N.B. must be at least two such 
relevant days to allow clearing system 
payments) 
- 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – 
Non-Index Determination: Second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Period End 
Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – 
Index Determination: The day falling the 
Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Period End Date and 
Relevant Number means [insert number 
being two or greater]] 
(xi) 
TONA Floating Rate Determination 
(General Condition 4.2(b)(v)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
p: 
[Ten]/[] 
(xii) 
€STR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
(General Condition 4.2(b)(vi)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Compounded Daily €STR (Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Compounded Daily €STR (Lag): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Page: 
[]

--- Page 602 ---
Form of Final Terms 
589 
- 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Fifth TARGET2 Settlement Day prior to 
the Interest Period End Date of each 
Interest Period]/[] 
- 
p: 
[Five TARGET2 Settlement Days]/[[ ] 
TARGET2 Settlement Days] 
(xiii) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum/Not 
Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
[Recommended Fallback Rate: 
[Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
Recommended 
Fallback 
Rate/Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR 
Recommended 
Fallback 
Rate/Compounded 
Daily 
€STR 
Recommended 
Fallback 
Rate/ISDA 
Fallback Rate/[]]] 
(xvii) 
[Generic Permanent Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[13A. [Zero Coupon Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(This item shall be Not Applicable if Linear 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions below is 
Applicable) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield (General Condition 
4.10): 
[[] per cent. per annum] 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[] 
[Linear Zero Coupon Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]  
(This item shall be Not Applicable if  Zero 
Coupon 
Note 
Provisions 
above 
is 
Applicable) 
(i) 
Implied Yield: 
[[] per cent. per annum] 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO WARRANTS (General Condition 11) 
14.
European, American or Bermudan Style: 
[[European/American/Bermudan] Style / 
Not Applicable] 
15.
Automatic Exercise: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
16.
Expiration Date:
[[]/Not Applicable] 
17.
Expiration Date subject to Valuation Date 
adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
18.
Potential Exercise Date(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable] (For Bermudan Style 
Warrants only)

--- Page 603 ---
Form of Final Terms 
590 
19.
Potential Exercise Date subject to Valuation 
Date adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(For Bermudan Style Warrants only) 
20.
Exercise Amount: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
21.
Exercise Period: 
[All Scheduled Trading Days from, and 
including, the Issue Date to, and including, 
the Expiration Date (For American Style 
Warrants only)/The period from, and 
including, the Issue Date to, and including, 
the Expiration Date (For American Style 
Warrants only)/The Expiration Date (For 
European 
Style 
Warrants 
only)/Each 
Potential Exercise Date and the Expiration 
Date (For Bermudan Style Warrants 
only)/Not Applicable] 
22.
Minimum Exercise Number: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
23.
Maximum Exercise Number: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
24.
Cash Settlement/Issuer Physical Settlement: 
[[Cash 
Settlement/Issuer 
Physical 
Settlement] is applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Issuer Physical Settlement is applicable, 
insert the following sub-paragraph) 
[Issuer Physical Settlement Amount:] 
[One/[]] Share[s] 
25.
Settlement Amount: 
[[ ]/Security Redemption Amount/Not 
Applicable] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO CERTIFICATES 
26.
Exercise applicable to Certificates (General 
Condition 10): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (In the case of 
Italian 
Certificates, 
insert 
"General 
Condition 10.2 Applicable") 
CERTIFICATE COUPON PROVISIONS 
27.
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Certificate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
28.
Floating-to-Fixed Rate Certificate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
29.
Fixed Rate Coupon Certificate Provisions and 
Fixed Rate Coupon Accrual Provisions 
(General Condition 8.1(a)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Coupon Commencement Date: 
[[] (Specify date)/Issue Date] 
(ii) 
Notional Amount: 
[] 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[[] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [ ] to, and including, [ ]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/ [and 
[each] such date shall not be subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
any

--- Page 604 ---
Form of Final Terms 
591 
Business Day Convention]] / Each date set 
forth in the Coupon Payment Table in the 
column entitled "Coupon Payment Date(s)" 
/ Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Specified Coupon Period: 
[ ] [year[s]/month[s]/week[s]/calendar 
day[s]] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Fixed Rate Coupon(s): 
[ ] (Insert amount in the Specified 
Currency) In respect of each Coupon 
Period, as set forth in the table below in the 
column entitled "Fixed Rate Coupon(s)" 
corresponding to such Coupon Period] 
(Use table if more than one Fixed Rate 
Coupon) 
Coupon Period(s) 
Fixed Rate Coupon(s) 
From [and including] [but excluding] the Interest 
Period End Date [falling on] [scheduled to fall 
on] the date specified in the column entitled 
"From" below to [and including] [but excluding] 
the Interest Period End Date [falling on] 
[scheduled to fall on] the date specified in the 
column entitled "To" below 
[] (Insert amount) 
From 
To 
[] 
[] 
[] (Insert amount) 
(vi) 
Coupon Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Coupon Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
] to, and including, [ ]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/ [and [each] 
such date shall not be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention]] (repeat as necessary) 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
30.
Fixed Rate Coupon Certificate Provisions and 
Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount Provisions 
(General Condition 8.1(b)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Notional Amount: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[[100]/[]/Calculated from Coupon Value] 
(Insert amount in the Specified Currency or 
if calculated from the Coupon Value, insert 
the following sub-paragraph) 
[- 
Coupon Value: 
[]]

--- Page 605 ---
Form of Final Terms 
592 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[[] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [ ] to, and including, [ ]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/ [and 
[each] such date shall not be subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
any 
Business Day Convention]] /Each date set 
forth in the Coupon Payment Table in the 
column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s)"/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Specified Coupon Period: 
[ ] [year[s]/month[s]/week[s]/calendar 
day[s]] [Not Applicable] 
[Coupon Payment Table] (Insert if appropriate) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
[Certificate Fixed Coupon 
Amount]/[Coupon Value] 
[[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to, and including, []] [subject to adjustment 
in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/ [and [each] such date shall not be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention]] (Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
[] (Insert amount, repeat as appropriate) 
(v) 
Coupon Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Coupon Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
] to, and including, [ ]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/ [and [each] 
such date shall not be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention]] (repeat as necessary) [Not 
Applicable] 
31.
Certificate Floating Rate Coupon Provisions 
(General Condition 8.2): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Notional Amount: 
[] 
(ii) 
Floating Rate Coupon Period(s): 
[As specified in paragraph (i) of the 
definition of " Floating Rate Coupon 
Period" 
in 
General 
Condition 
31.1 
(Definitions)] [Adjusted/Unadjusted] 
(iii) 
Floating Rate Coupon Period End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
] to, and including, [ ]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/ [and [each] 
such date shall not be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention]] (repeat as necessary)

--- Page 606 ---
Form of Final Terms 
593 
(iv) 
Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[ ] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [ ] to, and including, [ ]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/[and 
[each] such date shall not be subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
any 
Business Day Convention]] 
(v) 
Floating Rate Coupon Commencement 
Date: 
[[] (Specify date)/Issue Date] 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
[subject to adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
(ISDA 2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(b)) (but 
not the ISDA 2006 Definitions) provide an 
option to make the above applicable where 
either the Modified Following Business 
Day Convention or Preceding Business 
Day Convention applies to Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Dates. Therefore, only 
specify as applicable if (i) the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
applies to Floating Rate Coupon Period 
End Dates and (ii) the preference is to 
make the Business Day Convention subject 
to adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday) 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(viii) 
Manner in which the Floating Rate 
Coupon is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA 
Determination / SONIA Floating Rate 
Determination (Non-Index Determination) 
/ SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Index Determination) / SOFR Floating 
Rate Determination / TONA Floating Rate 
Determination / €STR Floating Rate 
Determination] 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
(General 
Condition 
8.2(b)(ii)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Page: 
[] 
- 
Benchmark: 
[Specify benchmark or other rate] 
- 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
- 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
Determination Date: 
[[

][TARGET2 
Settlement 
Days] 
[Business Days] in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in

--- Page 607 ---
Form of Final Terms 
594 
each Floating Rate Coupon Period/each 
Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date]] 
- 
Reference Banks: 
[Specify five] 
- 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The 
financial 
centre 
most 
closely 
connected to the Reference Rate - specify if 
not London] 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained 
with effect from commencement of Floating 
Rate Coupon Period] 
(x) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate 
Coupon (General Condition 8.2(b)(i)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions/2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are 
applicable, ensure this is a Floating Rate 
Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Floating Rate Coupon Commencement 
Date]/[] 
- 
Termination Date: 
[Maturity 
Date/Settlement 
Date/Redemption 
Date/Optional 
Redemption Date/[]] 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not 
relevant where the relevant Floating Rate 
Option is a risk-free rate) 
- 
Reset Date: 
[[ ]/As specified in General Condition 
8.2(b)(i)] 
[subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Floating 
Rate/Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, 
insert same Business Day Convention as 
for Floating Rate Coupon Period End 
Dates unless "No Adjustment" applies to 
such dates, in which case delete the 
reference to Business Day Convention so 
that relevant ISDA fallbacks relating to 
Business Day Conventions will apply) 
- 
[Period End Date/Termination 
Date adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(ISDA 2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(b)) (but 
not the ISDA 2006 Definitions) provide an 
option to make this applicable where either

--- Page 608 ---
Form of Final Terms 
595 
the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention or Preceding Business Day 
Convention applies to Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Dates. Therefore, only 
specify as applicable if (i) the 2021 
Definitions 
are 
applicable, 
(ii) 
the 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention or Preceding Business Day 
Convention applies to Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Dates and (iii) the 
preference is to make the Business Day 
Convention subject to adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday. Note that the ISDA 
2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(a)) provides 
that, where Modified Following Business 
Day Convention or Preceding Business 
Day Convention applies to Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Date, adjustment of the 
relevant Payment Date as a result of an 
Unscheduled Holiday is applicable by 
default (unless specified otherwise)) 
- 
Compounding/ Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method" or "Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method" is applicable. 
Otherwise, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[OIS Compounding/Compounding with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation 
Period 
Shift/Compounding 
with 
Lockout/Not Applicable]] 
[Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not 
Applicable]] 
[Lookback: 
[[ ] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Lookback or Averaging with Lookback)] 
[Observation Period Shift: 
[[ ] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days] /[As specified in the [2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify Not Applicable unless 
the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: []/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 609 ---
Form of Final Terms 
596 
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift)] 
[Lockout: 
[[] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable 
only for Compounding with Lockout or 
Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [ ]/ 
[Applicable Business Days]] (Specify 
Applicable Business Days unless the 
standard 
position 
under 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed)] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method. If Not Applicable, 
delete the Daily Capped Rate and Daily 
Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%]] 
[[Day Count Basis: 
[ ]] (If not included this will be the 
denominator of the Day Count Fraction)] 
- 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating 
Rate Option and an Index Method. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (may only be 
selected if the 2021 Definitions are 
specified)/Compounded 
Index 
Method/Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift]/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] Definitions] 
(Include the following only if using 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] (Not Applicable should be 
specified unless the standard position 
under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified 
in the [2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: []]

--- Page 610 ---
Form of Final Terms 
597 
[Day Count Basis: 
[ ]] (If not included this will be the 
denominator of the Day Count Fraction) 
(xi) 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Non-Index 
Determination) 
(General 
Condition 8.2(b)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Lag): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Page: 
[]/[SONIAOSR=] 
- 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
Determination Date(s): 
[Fifth day on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London prior to the Floating 
Rate Coupon Period End Date of each 
Floating Rate Coupon Period]/[] 
- 
p: 
[Five London Banking Days]/[[] London 
Banking Days] 
(xii) 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Index Determination) (General Condition 
8.2(b)(iii)(B)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
Determination Date(s): 
[The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the Floating 
Rate Coupon Period End Date for the 
relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period]/[] 
- 
Relevant Number: 
[] 
(xiii) 
SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
(General Condition 8.2(b)(iv)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR, 
except 
where 
Index 
Determination is applicable) 
- 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days 
(Specify for Compounded Daily SOFR, 
except where Index Determination is 
applicable. N.B. must be at least two such 
relevant days to allow clearing system 
payments) 
- 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
Determination Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – 
Non-Index Determination: Second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days

--- Page 611 ---
Form of Final Terms 
598 
prior to the relevant Floating Rate Coupon 
Period End Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – 
Index Determination: The day falling the 
Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the 
relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period End 
Date and Relevant Number means [insert 
number being two or greater]] 
(xiv) 
TONA Floating Rate Determination 
(General Condition 8.2(b)(v)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
p: 
[Ten]/[] 
(xv) 
€STR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
(General Condition 8.2(b)(vi)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Compounded Daily €STR (Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Compounded Daily €STR (Lag): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Page: 
[] 
- 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
Determination Date(s): 
[Fifth TARGET2 Settlement Day prior to 
the Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date 
of each Floating Rate Coupon Period]/[] 
- 
p: 
[Five TARGET2 Settlement Days]/[[ ] 
TARGET2 Settlement Days] 
(xvi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum/Not 
Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Minimum Floating Rate Coupon: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(xviii) Maximum Floating Rate Coupon: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
[Recommended Fallback Rate: 
[Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
Recommended 
Fallback 
Rate/Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR 
Recommended 
Fallback 
Rate/Compounded 
Daily 
€STR 
Recommended 
Fallback 
Rate/ISDA 
Fallback Rate/[]]] 
(xx) 
[Generic Permanent Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
REFERENCE ASSET LINKED COUPON PROVISIONS 
32.
Reference Asset Linked Coupon Provisions 
(Payout Condition 1): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Coupon Reference Asset(s): 
[[The/Each] 
[Share 
[and]/Index 
[and]/Commodity [and]/Commodity Index 
[and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund [and]/Reference 
Rate] as specified below in paragraph[s]

--- Page 612 ---
Form of Final Terms 
599 
[38/39/40/41/43/44]]/[Each 
Reference 
Asset specified as such in the Reference 
Asset Table below in the column entitled 
"Reference Asset Category"]/[[](Specify 
each relevant Reference Asset)] 
(ii) 
Contingent Coupon (Payout Condition 
1(a)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Coupon Amount: 
[]/[In respect of each Coupon Payment 
Date, the amount set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"Specified Coupon Amount" in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date] 
- 
Coupon Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Memory Coupon (Payout Condition 
1(b)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Memory Coupon with Instalment Feature 
(Payout Condition 1(t)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If both Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Memory Coupon Value: 
[] 
(c) 
t: 
[The amount set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled "t" in 
the row corresponding to the Coupon 
Payment Date]/[In respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date, the number of Coupon 
Payment Dates falling in the period 
commencing on, but excluding, the Issue 
Date and ending on, and including, such 
Coupon Payment Date] 
(d) 
Coupon Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[(e) 
Instalment Percentage: 
[]] 
(iv) 
Factor Coupon (Single Reference Asset) 
(Payout Condition 1(c)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
Factor Coupon (Basket of Reference 
Assets) (Payout Condition 1(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Coupon Factor: 
[] 
(c) 
Coupon 
Factor 
Denominator 
Multiplier: 
[[]/The amount set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"Coupon Factor Denominator Multiplier"]

--- Page 613 ---
Form of Final Terms 
600 
(v) 
Lock-in Coupon (Payout Condition 1(e)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Coupon Lock-in Event: 
Applicable: for the purposes of the 
definition of "Coupon Lock-in Event" in 
the Payout Conditions, [less than or equal 
to Coupon Lock-in Level] / [greater than or 
equal to Coupon Lock-in Level] / [less than 
Coupon Lock-in Level] / [greater than 
Coupon Lock-in Level] is applicable 
(b) 
Coupon Lock-in Level: 
[[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Coupon 
Lock-in Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Asset/ As set forth in 
the Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Lock-in 
Level" 
corresponding to the relevant Coupon 
Valuation Date] [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Lock-in Coupon Amount: 
[] 
(d) 
Specified Coupon Amount: 
[]/[In respect of each Coupon Payment 
Date, the amount set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"Specified Coupon Amount" in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date] 
(vi) 
Performance 
Coupon 
1 
(Payout 
Condition 1(f)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
PCA: 
[] 
(b) 
CF: 
[] 
(c) 
Coupon Participation: 
[] 
(d) 
t: 
[The amount set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"t"]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date, 
the number of Coupon Payment Dates 
falling in the period commencing on, but 
excluding, the Issue Date and ending on, 
and including, such Coupon Payment Date] 
(e) 
Coupon Strike: 
Coupon Strike – High Watermark is [not] 
applicable[; [] (specify amount if Coupon 
Strike 
– 
High 
Watermark 
is 
not 
applicable)] 
(f) 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference 
Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(g) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial 
Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Initial Reference Asset Intra-Day 
Value]

--- Page 614 ---
Form of Final Terms 
601 
(Insert paragraph (h) if the Securities 
relate to a Basket of Reference Assets, 
otherwise delete) 
[(h) 
Weighted Performance: 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return)]] 
(vii) 
Performance 
Coupon 
2 
(Payout 
Condition 1(g)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
PCA: 
[] 
(b) 
CF: 
[] 
(c) 
Coupon Participation: 
[] 
(d) 
t: 
[The amount set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"t"]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date, 
the number of Coupon Payment Dates 
falling in the period commencing on, but 
excluding, the Issue Date and ending on, 
and including, such Coupon Payment Date] 
(e) 
Coupon Strike: 
Coupon Strike – High Watermark is [not] 
applicable[; [] (specify amount if Coupon 
Strike 
– 
High 
Watermark 
is 
not 
applicable)] 
(f) 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference 
Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(g) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial 
Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Initial Reference Asset Intra-Day 
Value] 
(Insert paragraph (h) if the Securities 
relate to a Basket of Reference Assets, 
otherwise delete) 
[(h) 
Weighted Performance 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return)]] 
(viii) 
Contingent Coupon or Range Accrual 
Coupon 
(Single 
Reference 
Asset) 
(Payout Condition 1(h)(i)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Contingent Coupon or Range Accrual 
Coupon (Worst of) (Payout Condition 
1(h)(ii)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Contingent Coupon or Range Accrual 
Coupon (Basket of Reference Assets) 
(Payout Condition 1(i)(ii)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If all are Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[]

--- Page 615 ---
Form of Final Terms 
602 
(b) 
Range Accrual Coupon Factor: 
[] 
(c) 
Low Barrier: 
[]/[As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Low Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Reference 
Asset 
in 
respect 
of 
each 
Coupon 
Observation Period]/[As set forth in the 
Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled "Low Barrier" corresponding to the 
relevant Coupon Observation Period] 
(d) 
High Barrier: 
[]/[As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table in the column entitled "High Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Reference 
Asset 
in 
respect 
of 
each 
Coupon 
Observation Period]/[As set forth in the 
Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled "High Barrier" corresponding to 
the relevant Coupon Observation Period] 
(e) 
[N]/[N(Worst of)]/[N (Basket)]: 
[Greater 
than 
or 
equal 
to 
Low 
Barrier/Greater than Low Barrier] is 
applicable] 
[Equal to or less than High Barrier/Less 
than High Barrier] is applicable] 
(f) 
Coupon Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[(g) 
Value (t): 
Reference Asset Closing Value (If Value (t) 
is defined elsewhere in these Final Terms, 
delete this paragraph)] 
[(h) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial 
Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Initial Reference Asset Intra-Day 
Value]] 
(Insert paragraph (h) below if Contingent 
Coupon or Range Accrual Coupon (Basket 
of Reference Assets) (Payout Condition  
1(i)(ii)) is applicable; otherwise delete) 
[(i) 
Weighted Performance: 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return)]] 
[(j) 
Specified Coupon Amount: 
[]/[As set forth in the Coupon Payment 
Table in the column entitled "Specified 
Coupon Amount" corresponding to the 
relevant Coupon Payment Date]] 
(ix) 
Enhanced Coupon (Payout Condition 
1(j)(ii)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Memory Enhanced Coupon (Payout 
Condition 1(l)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[]

--- Page 616 ---
Form of Final Terms 
603 
(b) 
Enhanced Coupon Rate: 
[] 
(c) 
Coupon Leverage: 
[] 
(d) 
t: 
[Applicable: [the amount set forth in the 
Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled "t"]/[in respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date, the number of Coupon 
Payment Dates falling in the period 
commencing on, but excluding, the Issue 
Date and ending on, and including, such 
Coupon Payment Date]]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Enhanced Coupon Event 1: 
Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 1 and (b) [less 
than or equal to/less than/greater than or 
equal to/greater than] Enhanced Coupon 
Level 1 
- 
Enhanced 
Coupon 
Reference Asset 1: 
[[The/Each] 
[Share 
[and]/Index 
[and]/Commodity [and]/Commodity Index 
[and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[38/39/40/41/43]]/[[The/Each] Reference 
Asset specified as such in the Reference 
Asset Table below in the column entitled 
"Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset(s)"]/[[
](Specify each relevant Reference Asset)] 
- 
Enhanced Coupon Level 1: 
[]/[As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Enhanced 
Coupon Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Asset]/ [As set forth in 
the Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled "Enhanced Coupon Level 1" 
corresponding to the relevant Coupon 
Valuation Date] 
(f) 
Enhanced Coupon Event 2: 
Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 2 and (b) [less 
than or equal to/less than/greater than or 
equal to/greater than] Enhanced Coupon 
Level 2 
- 
Enhanced 
Coupon 
Reference Asset 2: 
[[The/Each] 
[Share 
[and]/Index 
[and]/Commodity [and]/Commodity Index 
[and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[38/39/40/41/43]]/[[The/Each] Reference 
Asset specified as such in the Reference 
Asset Table below in the column entitled 
"Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset(s)"]/[[
](Specify each relevant Reference Asset)] 
- 
Enhanced Coupon Level 2: 
[]/[As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Enhanced 
Coupon Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Asset]/ [As set forth in 
the Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled "Enhanced Coupon Level 2"

--- Page 617 ---
Form of Final Terms 
604 
corresponding to the relevant Coupon 
Valuation Date] 
(g) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Coupon Observation Period Intra-
Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Coupon Valuation Date Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Contingent 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
(Payout Condition 1(m)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Coupon 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Memory 
Contingent 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon (Payout Condition 1(n)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
CA: 
[] 
(b) 
Contingent Floating Rate: 
[Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Page: 
[] 
- 
Benchmark: 
[Specify benchmark or other rate] 
- 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
- 
Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon 
Determination 
Date: 
[[

][TARGET2 
Settlement 
Days] 
[Business Days] in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in 
each Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period/each Coupon Payment Date]] 
- 
Reference Banks: 
[Specify five] 
- 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The 
financial 
centre 
most 
closely 
connected to the Reference Rate - specify if 
not London] 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained 
with 
effect 
from 
commencement 
of 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period] 
[ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions/2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are 
applicable, ensure this is a Floating Rate

--- Page 618 ---
Form of Final Terms 
605 
Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date]/[] 
- 
Termination Date: 
[Maturity 
Date/Settlement 
Date/Redemption 
Date/Optional 
Redemption Date/[]] 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not 
relevant where the relevant Floating Rate 
Option is a risk-free rate) 
- 
Reset Date: 
[ ]/[As specified in the definition of 
Contingent Floating Rate (ISDA Rate) in 
Payout Condition 4 (Definitions and 
Interpretation)]] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Floating 
Rate/Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, 
insert same Business Day Convention as 
for Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period End Dates unless "No Adjustment" 
applies to such dates, in which case delete 
the reference to Business Day Convention 
so that relevant ISDA fallbacks relating to 
Business Day Conventions will apply) 
- 
[Period End Date/Termination 
Date adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(ISDA 2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(b)) (but 
not the ISDA 2006 Definitions) provide an 
option to make this applicable where either 
the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention or Preceding Business Day 
Convention applies to Contingent Floating 
Rate Coupon Period End Dates. Therefore, 
only specify as applicable if (i) the 2021 
Definitions 
are 
applicable, 
(ii) 
the 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention or Preceding Business Day 
Convention applies to Contingent Floating 
Rate Coupon Period End Dates and (iii) the 
preference is to make the Business Day 
Convention subject to adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday. Note that the ISDA 
2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(a)) provides 
that, where Modified Following Business 
Day Convention or Preceding Business 
Day Convention applies to Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date, 
adjustment of the relevant Payment Date as 
a result of an Unscheduled Holiday is

--- Page 619 ---
Form of Final Terms 
606 
applicable by default (unless specified 
otherwise)) 
- 
Compounding/ Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method" or "Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method" is applicable. 
Otherwise, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[OIS Compounding/Compounding with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation 
Period 
Shift/Compounding 
with 
Lockout/Not Applicable]] 
[Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not 
Applicable]] 
[Lookback: 
[[ ] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Lookback or Averaging with Lookback)] 
[Observation Period Shift: 
[[ ] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days] /[As specified in the [2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify Not Applicable unless 
the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: []/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift)] 
[Lockout: 
[[] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable 
only for Compounding with Lockout or 
Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [ ]/ 
[Applicable Business Days]] (Specify 
Applicable Business Days unless the 
standard 
position 
under 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed)] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method. If Not Applicable,

--- Page 620 ---
Form of Final Terms 
607 
delete the Daily Capped Rate and Daily 
Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%]] 
[[Day Count Basis: 
[ ]] (If not included this will be the 
denominator of the Day Count Fraction)] 
- 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating 
Rate Option and an Index Method. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (may only be 
selected if the 2021 Definitions are 
specified)/Compounded 
Index 
Method/Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift]/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] Definitions] 
(Include the following only if using 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] (Not Applicable should be 
specified unless the standard position 
under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified 
in the [2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: []] 
[Day Count Basis: 
[ ]] (If not included this will be the 
denominator of the Day Count Fraction) 
[SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
(Non-Index 
Determination): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA (Shift): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA (Lag): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Page: 
[]/[SONIAOSR=] 
- 
Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Fifth day on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London prior to the Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date of

--- Page 621 ---
Form of Final Terms 
608 
each Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period]/[] 
- 
p: 
[Five London Banking Days]/[[] London 
Banking Days]] 
[SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
(Index 
Determination): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period 
End Date for the relevant Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period]/[] 
- 
Relevant Number: 
[]] 
[SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift, except where Index 
Determination is applicable) 
- 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days 
(Specify except where Index Determination 
is applicable. N.B. must be at least two such 
relevant days to allow clearing system 
payments) 
- 
Index Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert where Index Determination does not 
apply: Second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period 
End Date] 
[Insert where Index Determination applies: 
The day falling the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
prior to the relevant Contingent Floating 
Rate Coupon Period End Date and 
Relevant Number means [insert number 
being two or greater]]] 
[TONA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
p: 
[Ten]/[]] 
[€STR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 622 ---
Form of Final Terms 
609 
- 
Compounded Daily €STR 
(Shift): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Compounded Daily €STR 
(Lag): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Page: 
[] 
- 
Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Fifth TARGET2 Settlement Day prior to 
the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period End Date of each Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period]/[]] 
- 
p: 
[Five TARGET2 Settlement Days]/[[ ] 
TARGET2 Settlement Days] 
(c) 
Spread: 
[[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(e) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
[subject to adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
(ISDA 2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(b)) (but 
not the ISDA 2006 Definitions) provide an 
option to make the above applicable where 
either the Modified Following Business 
Day Convention or Preceding Business 
Day Convention applies to Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period End Dates. 
Therefore, only specify as applicable if (i) 
the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention or Preceding Business Day 
Convention applies to Contingent Floating 
Rate Coupon Period End Dates and (ii) the 
preference is to make the Business Day 
Convention subject to adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday) 
(f) 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period(s): 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
definition 
of 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period in 
Payout Condition 4 (Definitions and 
Interpretation)]/[] 
(g) 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Coupon Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
], to, and including, []] / [Each date set 
forth in the table above] [- Adjusted / 
Unadjusted] (repeat as necessary) 
(h) 
Coupon Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 623 ---
Form of Final Terms 
610 
(xi) 
In Fine Coupon (Payout Condition 1(o)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Coupon Amount: 
[]/[In respect of each Coupon Valuation 
Date, the amount set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"Specified Coupon Amount" in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Valuation 
Date] 
- 
Coupon Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
In Fine Memory Coupon (Payout 
Condition 1(p)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Memory Coupon Value: 
[] 
(c) 
Coupon Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Daily Coupon (Payout Condition 1(q)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Daily Coupon 2 (Payout Condition 1(u)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If both Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Daily Coupon Rate: 
[] 
(c) 
Daily Coupon DCF: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(d) 
Daily Coupon Period: 
[As specified in the definition of Daily 
Coupon Period in Payout Condition 4 
(Definitions and Interpretation)]/[] 
(e) 
Daily Coupon Period End Date: 
[Coupon Payment Date/[]] [- Adjusted / 
Unadjusted] (repeat as necessary)  
(subject to the proviso in the definition of 
Daily Coupon Period End Date in Payout 
Condition 
4 
(Definitions 
and 
Interpretation)) 
(f) 
Daily Coupon Period Start Date: 
[Issue Date/[]] 
[(g) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Event 
Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(xiv) 
Fixed, Worst-of, Weighted and / or Best-
of Basket Coupon (Payout Condition 
1(r)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[]

--- Page 624 ---
Form of Final Terms 
611 
(b) 
t: 
[Applicable: [the amount set forth in the 
Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled "t"]/[in respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date, the number of Coupon 
Payment Dates falling in the period 
commencing on, but excluding, the Issue 
Date and ending on, and including, such 
Coupon Payment Date]]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
FWWB 
Coupon 
Performance 
Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of 
"FWWB Coupon Performance Event" in 
the Payout Conditions, [less than or equal 
to/less than/greater than or equal to/greater 
than] FWWB Coupon Performance Barrier 
is applicable 
(d) 
Fixed Coupon: 
[In respect of a Coupon Valuation Date or 
Coupon Payment Date (as applicable), 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]]/[As 
specified in the Coupon Payment Table in 
the column entitled "Fixed Coupon" 
corresponding to the relevant Coupon 
Valuation Date or Coupon Payment Date 
(as applicable)] 
(e) 
FWWB Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of a Coupon Valuation Date or 
Coupon Payment Date (as applicable) [
]]/[As set forth in the Coupon Payment 
Table in the column entitled "FWWB 
Coupon Rate" corresponding to the 
relevant Coupon Valuation Date or Coupon 
Payment Date (as applicable)] 
(f) 
Relevant Performance: 
[Not Applicable]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket)]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Best)]/[As specified in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"Relevant Performance" corresponding to 
the relevant Coupon Valuation Date] 
(g) 
FWWB 
Coupon 
Performance 
Barrier: 
[In respect of a Coupon Valuation Date [
]]/[As set forth in the Coupon Payment 
Table in the column entitled "FWWB 
Coupon 
Performance 
Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Coupon 
Valuation Date] 
(xv) 
Drop Back Coupon (Payout Condition 
1(s)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
t: 
[]/[The amount set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled "t"] 
(c) 
Coupon Rate: 
[] 
(d) 
Coupon Period (Drop Back): 
[Each 
period 
commencing 
on, 
but 
excluding, the Initial Valuation Date and

--- Page 625 ---
Form of Final Terms 
612 
ending on, and including, a Coupon 
Valuation Date]/[] 
(xvi) 
[Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[ ]/[Each date set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"Coupon Valuation Date(s)"/Such dates 
specified as "Coupon Valuation Date(s)" 
under paragraph[s] [38/39/40/41/43/44] 
below]/[Insert only for Rate Linked 
Securities 
where 
"Reference 
Rate 
Financial Centre(s)" is applicable: [ ] 
[and the] [The] day falling the Relevant 
Number of Reference Rate Business Days 
immediately 
preceding 
[
] 
[and] 
[the]/[each] [relevant] [Early Redemption 
Date]/[Coupon Payment Date] [and]/[or] 
[the Maturity Date]]] 
(xvii) 
[Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [the Coupon Valuation Date 
scheduled to fall on []/[] (insert relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date corresponding to 
the relevant set of Averaging Dates)]: 
[ ]/Each date set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"Averaging Date(s)"/ Each Observation 
Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the 
Averaging Observation Period in respect of 
[such Coupon Valuation Date] []/Such 
dates specified as "Averaging Date(s)" in 
respect of a Coupon Valuation Date under 
paragraph[s] [38/39/41/43] below 
[Averaging Observation Period: [Not 
Applicable][Applicable] in respect of [such 
Coupon Valuation Date] []: 
- 
[Averaging Observation Period 
Start 
Date: 
[

] 
([Included][Excluded]) in respect 
of [such Coupon Valuation Date] 
[] 
- 
Averaging Observation Period 
End 
Date: 
[

] 
([Included][Excluded]) in respect 
of [such Coupon Valuation Date] 
[] 
- 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
Applicable, 
as 
specified 
in 
the 
[Share][Index][FX][Fund] Linked 
Provisions in respect of [each/the] 
[Share][Index][FX Rate][Fund] 
- 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): [In respect of 
the 
Averaging 
Observation 
Period, []]/[Not Applicable]]]

--- Page 626 ---
Form of Final Terms 
613 
(repeat as necessary)] 
(xviii) [Coupon Observation Date(s): 
[ ]/Each date set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"Coupon Observation Date(s)"/Such dates 
specified as "Coupon Observation Dates" 
under 
paragraph[s] 
[38/39/40/41/43] 
below] (If other than Range Accrual 
Coupon, delete the paragraph) 
(xix) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[ ] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [ ] to, and including, [ ]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]] / Each 
date set forth in the Coupon Payment Table 
in the column entitled "Coupon Payment 
Date(s)"] 
(xx) 
Coupon Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference 
Asset/Relevant Performance] and (b) [less 
than or equal to/greater than or equal to/less 
than/greater than] the Coupon Barrier 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Coupon Observation Period Intra-
Day: 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference 
Asset/Relevant Performance] and (b) [less 
than or equal to/greater than or equal to/less 
than/greater than] the Coupon Barrier 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Coupon Valuation Date Closing: 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference 
Asset/Relevant Performance] and (b) [less 
than or equal to/greater than or equal to/less 
than/greater than] the Coupon Barrier 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
[(d) 
Relevant Performance: 
[Applicable: 
[Asset 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket) 
- 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return)]]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)]/[Coupon 
Average 
Relevant 
Performance]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[(e) 
Value(t): 
[Applicable: [Reference Asset Closing 
Value/Reference 
Asset 
Intra-Day 
Value]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[(f) 
Coupon Valuation Date Reference 
Value: 
[Applicable: [less than or equal to/greater 
than or equal to/less than/greater than] the 
Coupon Barrier Level]/[Not Applicable]] 
(xxi) 
Coupon Barrier Level: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert 
Reference Asset]] / As set forth in the 
Reference Asset Table in the column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Barrier 
Level" 
corresponding to the relevant Reference 
Asset/ As set forth in the Coupon Payment

--- Page 627 ---
Form of Final Terms 
614 
Table in the column entitled "Coupon 
Barrier Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Coupon Valuation Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xxii) 
Coupon Event: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference 
Asset/Relevant Performance] and (b) [less 
than or equal to/greater than or equal to/less 
than/greater than] the Coupon Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Coupon Observation Period Intra-
Day: 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference 
Asset/Relevant Performance] and (b) [less 
than or equal to/greater than or equal to/less 
than/greater than] the Coupon Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(c) 
Coupon Valuation Date Closing: 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference 
Asset/Relevant Performance] and (b) [less 
than or equal to/greater than or equal to/less 
than/greater than] the Coupon Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[(d) 
Relevant Performance: 
[Applicable: 
[Asset 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket) 
- 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return)]]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[(e) 
Value(t): 
[Applicable: [Reference Asset Closing 
Value/Reference 
Asset 
Intra-Day 
Value]]/[Not Applicable]] 
(xxiii) Coupon Level: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert 
Reference Asset]] / As set forth in the 
Reference Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon Level" corresponding to 
the relevant Reference Asset] / [Insert 
where 
Coupon 
Level 
is 
the 
Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level: In respect of each [Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation)]/[Observation Date 
(Intra-day Valuation)] falling in a Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation Period, as set forth in the Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation Period Table in the column 
entitled 
"Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Level" corresponding 
to 
such 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xxiv) 
Coupon Observation Period:  
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 628 ---
Form of Final Terms 
615 
(a) 
Coupon Observation Period Start 
Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Coupon 
[Valuation/Observation] Date, [ ]][Each 
date set forth in the Coupon Payment Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Observation Period Start Date(s)"] - 
[Included / Excluded] 
(b) 
Coupon Observation Period End 
Date: 
[Each/The] 
Coupon 
[Valuation/Observation] Date  
- [Adjusted/Unadjusted] 
- [Included / Excluded] 
(c) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] 
Share Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] Index Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Index] 
[and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity 
Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] 
Fund Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] 
Share Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] Index Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Index] 
[and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity 
Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] FX Rate]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxv) 
Provisions for determining Coupon 
Amount where calculation by reference 
to Share and/or Index and/or Commodity 
and/or Commodity Index and/or FX Rate 
and/or Fund and/or Reference Rate is 
impossible or impracticable or otherwise 
disrupted: 
The [Share Linked Provisions [and]/Index 
Linked 
Provisions 
[and]/Commodity 
Linked 
Provisions 
[and]/FX 
Linked 
Provisions [and]/Fund Linked Provisions 
[and]/Rate 
Linked 
Provisions] 
are 
applicable. 
See 
paragraph[s] 
[38/39/40/41/43/44] 
[If Contingent Coupon is applicable, insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
Specified Coupon Amount 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate)

--- Page 629 ---
Form of Final Terms 
616 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Barrier Level" (if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date), 
"Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)", "Coupon Valuation Date(s)" and "Averaging Dates")
[If Memory Coupon or Memory Coupon with Instalment Features is applicable, insert:
Coupon Payment Table*] 
t 
[Coupon Barrier Level]28
Coupon 
Valuation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment 
Date(s) 
1 
[] [of the Initial Value of 
[insert Reference Asset]] 
[] 
[] 
[2] 
[] [of the Initial Value of 
[insert Reference Asset]] 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)" and "Averaging Dates")
[If Factor Coupon (Single Reference Asset) or Factor Coupon (Basket of Reference Assets) is 
applicable, insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*]
[Coupon Barrier Level]29
[Coupon 
Factor 
Denominator 
Multiplier] 
Coupon Valuation 
Date(s) 
Coupon Payment 
Date(s) 
[] [of the Initial Value of 
[insert Reference Asset]] 
[] 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)")
[If Lock-in Coupon is applicable, insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
[Coupon Barrier Level]30
[Coupon 
Lock-in 
Level]31
Coupon 
Valuation Date(s) 
Specified Coupon 
Amount 
[] [of the Initial Value of 
[insert Reference Asset]] 
(Insert Coupon Barrier Level, 
repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert 
Coupon 
Lock-in 
Level, repeat 
as 
appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert amount, repeat as 
appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)" and "Coupon Payment Date(s)")
[If Performance Coupon 1 is applicable, insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
[t] 
Coupon Valuation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
28
Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date. 
29
Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date. 
30
Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date. 
31
Insert if Coupon Lock-in Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date.

--- Page 630 ---
Form of Final Terms 
617 
[1] 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)")
[If Performance Coupon 2 is applicable, insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
[t] 
Coupon Valuation Date(s)
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
[1] 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)")
[If Contingent Coupon or Range Accrual Coupon (Single Reference Asset) or Contingent 
Coupon or Range Accrual Coupon (Worst of) or Contingent Coupon or Range Accrual Coupon 
(Basket of Reference Assets) is applicable, insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
Coupon 
Observatio
n Period 
Start Date 
Coupon 
[Valuation/ 
Observation] 
Date(s) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s) 
[Specified 
Coupon 
Amount] 
[Low Barrier] 
[High 
Barrier] 
[] 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate
) 
[] 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert 
Specified 
Coupon 
Amount in 
respect of 
each Coupon 
Observation 
Period, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[] / 
[] /  
[Reference 
Asset(s) 
Low Barrier 
[Reference 
Asset(s) 
High 
Barrier 
[] 
[]] 
[] 
[]] 
(If applicable insert Low 
Barrier for each Reference 
Asset in respect of each 
Coupon Observation Period, 
repeat as appropriate) 
(If applicable insert High 
Barrier for each Reference 
Asset in respect of each 
Coupon Observation 
Period, repeat as 
appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)") 
[If (i) Enhanced Coupon or Memory Enhanced Coupon or (ii) Drop Back Coupon is applicable, 
insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
[t] 
Coupon Valuation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
[1] 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
(*if Enhanced Coupon or Memory Enhanced Coupon is applicable, insert, if required, additional columns "Enhanced Coupon Level 1" (if 
Enhanced Coupon Level 1 is different for each Coupon Valuation Date), "Enhanced Coupon Level 2" (if Enhanced Coupon Level 2 is 
different for each Coupon Valuation Date) and "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)")
[If Contingent Floating Rate Coupon or Memory Contingent Floating Rate Coupon is 
applicable, insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*]

--- Page 631 ---
Form of Final Terms 
618 
[Coupon Barrier Level]32
Coupon Valuation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment 
Date(s) 
[] [of the Initial Value of 
[insert Reference Asset]] 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)" and "Averaging Dates") 
[If In Fine Coupon is applicable, insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
[Coupon Barrier Level]33
Coupon Valuation Date(s)
Specified Coupon 
Amount
[] [of the Initial Value of 
[insert Reference Asset]] 
(Insert Coupon Barrier Level, 
repeat as appropriate)
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate)
[] 
(Insert amount, repeat as 
appropriate)
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)" and "Averaging Dates") 
[If In Fine Memory Coupon is applicable, insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
[Coupon Barrier Level]34
Coupon Valuation Date(s)
[] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] 
(Insert Coupon Barrier Level, repeat as 
appropriate)
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate)
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)" and "Averaging Dates") 
[If Fixed, Worst-of, Weighted and / or Best-of Basket Coupon is applicable, insert: Coupon Payment Table] 
t 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s)
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s) 
Fixed Coupon  
FWWB 
Coupon Rate 
Relevant 
Performance 
FWWB Coupon 
Performance 
Barrier 
1 
[] 
(Insert if 
Fixed 
Coupon is not 
applicable; 
otherwise 
insert "Not 
Applicable")
[] 
[Applicable] / 
[Not Applicable] 
[] 
[Not Applicable] / 
[Relevant 
Performance 
(Worst)] / [Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket)] / [Relevant 
Performance (Best)] 
[] 
[2] 
[] 
(Insert date if 
applicable, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[Applicable] / 
[Not Applicable] 
(Insert whether 
Fixed Coupon is 
applicable, and 
repeat as 
appropriate)
[] 
(Insert FWWB 
Coupon Rate, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert Relevant 
Performance as 
applicable, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert FWWB 
Coupon 
Performance 
Barrier, repeat as 
appropriate) 
32
Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date. 
33
Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date. 
34
Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date.

--- Page 632 ---
Form of Final Terms 
619 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES
33. Call Option (General Condition 5.1 in 
respect of Notes and General Condition 
9.1 in respect of Certificates): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] [Each date set forth in the Optional Redemption 
Table in the column entitled "Optional Redemption 
Date(s)"] 
 
(ii) 
Call Option Exercise Date(s): 
[] [Each date set forth in the Optional Redemption 
Table in the column entitled "Call Option Exercise 
Date(s)"] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[ ][Each amount set forth in the Optional 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Optional 
Redemption Amount(s)"] 
Optional Redemption Table 
Call Option Exercise Date(s) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert amount, repeat as 
appropriate) 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
(General Condition 5.3): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
34. Early Payment Amount: 
[[Early Payment Amount 1/Early Payment 
Amount 
2/Early 
Payment 
Amount 
3] 
is 
applicable]/[Early 
Payment 
Amount 
1/Early 
Payment Amount 2], provided that, in respect of 
General Condition 15.2(b), the Early Payment 
Amount shall be Early Payment Amount 3 
calculated 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Acceleration 
Date]/[Insert for Zero Coupon Notes: Amortised 
Face Amount as set out in General Condition 
5.4]/[Insert for Linear  Zero Coupon Notes: [Early 
Payment Amount 3 plus Unpaid Implied 
Yield]/[Early Payment Amount 2, provided that, in 
respect of General Condition [15.2(a)]/[15.2(b)], 
the Early Payment Amount shall be Early Payment 
Amount 3 plus Unpaid Implied Yield calculated in 
respect of the Acceleration Date]]

--- Page 633 ---
Form of Final Terms 
620 
 
(Notwithstanding the above, if "Belgian 
Securities Annex" is specified to be 
applicable, delete the above in its entirety 
and replace with the following:) 
 
[Early Payment Amount:
As specified in the Conditions as amended by the 
Belgian Securities Annex, subject to the below 
(Insert where the Securities have a 
Minimum Redemption Amount:) 
[Termination Event (Possible 
Performance):  
[Best of Amount]/[Monetisation with Holder Put 
Option] is applicable] 
 
Tax Termination Event 
[Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement]/[Best of Amount]/[Monetisation 
with Holder Put Option] is applicable] 
 
Redemption pursuant to General Condition 
2.3: 
[Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement]/[Best of Amount]/[Monetisation 
with Holder Put Option] is applicable] 
 
(Insert where the Belgian Securities are 
Index Linked Securities:) [Change in Law: 
[Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement]/[Best of Amount]/[Monetisation 
with Holder Put Option] is applicable] 
 
Non-compliant Fallbacks: 
[Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement]/[Best of Amount]/[Monetisation 
with Holder Put Option] is applicable]] 
35. Early Redemption (Payout Condition 2): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining relevant 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Early 
Redemption 
Reference 
Asset(s): 
[[The/Each][Share [and]/Index [and]/Commodity 
[and]/Commodity Index [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund 
[and]/Reference Rate] as specified below in 
paragraph[s] 
[38/39/40/41/43/44]]/[Each 
Reference Asset specified as such in the Reference 
Asset Table below in the column entitled 
"Reference Asset Category"]/[[ ](Specify each 
relevant Reference Asset)] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Event 1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
- 
Early Redemption Barrier: 
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, ][] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Reference Asset/As 
set forth in the Early Redemption Table in the 
column entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Early Redemption 
Valuation Date] 
- 
ER Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 634 ---
Form of Final Terms 
621 
- 
Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation: 
[Less than or equal to/Greater than or equal to/Less 
than/Greater than] the Early Redemption Barrier 
 
(iii) 
Early Redemption Event 2:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
- 
Early Redemption Barrier: 
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, ][] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Reference Asset/As 
set forth in the Early Redemption Table in the 
column entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Early Redemption 
Valuation Date] 
- 
ER Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation: 
[Less than or equal to/Greater than or equal to/Less 
than/Greater than] its respective Early Redemption 
Barrier 
 
(iv) 
Early Redemption Event 3: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket) 
- 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted Performance (Asset 
Return)]]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Worst)]/[Relevant Performance (Best)]/[As set 
forth in the Early Redemption Table in the column 
entitled "Relevant Performance" corresponding to 
the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Date] 
[- 
Value(t): 
[Applicable: 
[Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Reference Asset Intra-Day Value]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[- 
Weighted Performance: 
[Weighted Performance (Value/Initial)/Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)] 
(Insert if Relevant Performance (Basket) is 
applicable, otherwise delete) 
- 
Early Redemption Strike: 
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, ][ ]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Early Redemption 
Strike" corresponding to the relevant Reference 
Asset/As set forth in the Early Redemption Table 
in the column entitled "Early Redemption Strike" 
corresponding to the relevant Early Redemption 
Valuation Date] 
- 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value]

--- Page 635 ---
Form of Final Terms 
622 
- 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
- 
Early Redemption Strike 
Observation: 
[Less than or equal to/Greater than or equal to/Less 
than/Greater than] the Early Redemption Strike 
 
(v) 
Early Redemption Valuation Date: 
[Each Periodic Valuation Date/Each Periodic 
Pricing Date/[] (specify date)/Each date set forth 
in the Early Redemption Table in the column 
entitled "Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)"] 
[The Periodic Valuation Date(s) scheduled to fall 
on [ ] [and [ ]]/The Periodic Pricing Date(s) 
scheduled to fall on [] [and []] / [Insert only for 
Rate Linked Securities where "Reference Rate 
Financial Centre(s)" is applicable: The day falling 
the Relevant Number of Reference Rate Business 
Days immediately preceding the relevant Early 
Redemption Date] 
 
(vi) 
[Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [the Early Redemption Valuation 
Date scheduled to fall on []/[] (insert relevant 
Early Redemption Valuation Date corresponding 
to the relevant set of Averaging Dates)]: 
[]/Each date set forth in the Early Redemption 
Table in the column entitled "Averaging Date(s)"/ 
Each Observation Date (Closing Valuation) falling 
in the Averaging Observation Period in respect of 
[such Early Redemption Valuation Date] []/Such 
dates specified as "Averaging Date(s)" in respect 
of an Early Redemption Valuation Date under 
paragraph[s] [38/39/41/43] below 
[Averaging 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not 
Applicable][Applicable] in respect of [such Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] []: 
- 
[Averaging Observation Period Start 
Date: [ ] ([Included][Excluded]) in 
respect of [such Early Redemption 
Valuation Date] [] 
- 
Averaging Observation Period End Date: 
[] ([Included][Excluded]) in respect of 
[such Early Redemption Valuation Date] 
[] 
- 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation): 
Applicable, 
as 
specified 
in 
the 
[Share][Index][FX][Fund] 
Linked 
Provisions in respect of [each/the] 
[Share][Index][FX Rate][Fund] 
- 
Specified Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): [In respect of the Averaging 
Observation 
Period, 
[

]]/[Not 
Applicable]]] 
(repeat as necessary)] 
 
(vii) 
Early Redemption Date: 
[Each Coupon Payment Date other than the 
Maturity Date/ Each Coupon Payment Date other

--- Page 636 ---
Form of Final Terms 
623 
than the Redemption Date/ Each Interest Payment 
Date other than the Maturity Date/[and each of ][
] (specify date) [subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]] / Each date set forth in the Early 
Redemption Table in the column entitled " Early 
Redemption Date(s)"] 
 
(viii) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[] (specify amount)/ELIOS Early Redemption is 
[not] applicable] (If "ELIOS Early Redemption" is 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) / In respect of each 
Early Redemption Date, the amount set forth in the 
Early Redemption Table in the column entitled 
"Early 
Redemption 
Amount" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Early Redemption Date] 
[(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] (specify amount)] 
[(b) 
Early Redemption Value: 
[[] (specify amount)] 
[If Early Redemption Barrier or Early Redemption Strike (as applicable) has different value or 
Relevant Performance is different on each Early Redemption Valuation Date or ER Averaging is 
applicable, insert: Early Redemption Table] 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
[Early 
Redemption 
Date 
[Averaging 
Dates 
Early 
Redemption 
[Barrier] / 
[Strike] 
[Relevant 
Performance 
[Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
[] 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[] [of the 
Initial Value 
of [insert 
Reference 
Asset]] 
(Insert 
amount, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[Not 
Applicable] / 
[Relevant 
Performance 
(Worst)] / 
[Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket)] / 
[Relevant 
Performance 
(Best)] 
(Insert 
Relevant 
Performance 
as applicable, 
repeat as 
appropriate)] 
[] 
(Insert 
amount, 
repeat as 
appropriate)] 
[If there are multiple Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Periods, insert:  
Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period Table 
Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Observation 
Period Start Date
Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Observation 
Period End Date
Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level

--- Page 637 ---
Form of Final Terms 
624 
[] – [Included / Excluded] 
(Insert 
date, 
repeat 
as 
appropriate) 
[] – [Adjusted / Unadjusted] – 
[Included / Excluded] 
(Insert 
date, 
repeat 
as 
appropriate)] 
[] [of the Initial Value of 
[insert Reference Asset]] 
(Insert Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level for 
each Reference Asset, repeat as 
appropriate)] 
Daily Observation Early Redemption 
(Payout Condition 2): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Reference Asset(s): 
[[The/Each][Share [and]/Index [and]/Commodity 
[and]/Commodity 
Index 
[and]/FX 
Rate 
[and]/Fund] as specified below in paragraph[s] 
[38/39/40/41/43]]/[Each Reference Asset specified 
as such in the Reference Asset Table below in the 
column entitled "Reference Asset Category"]/[[
](Specify each relevant Reference Asset)] 
 
(ii) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation Period Closing: 
[Applicable: 
(a) 
[the/each/any] 
[Reference 
Asset/Relevant Performance] and (b) [less than or 
equal to/greater than or equal to/less than/greater 
than] the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation Period Intra-
Day: 
[Applicable: 
(a) 
[the/each/any] 
[Reference 
Asset/Relevant Performance] and (b) [less than or 
equal to/greater than or equal to/less than/greater 
than] the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level]/[Not Applicable] 
[(c) 
Relevant Performance: 
[Applicable: 
[Asset 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Performance (Basket) - [Weighted Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted Performance (Asset 
Return)]]/[Relevant Performance (Worst)]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[(d) 
Value(t): 
[Applicable: 
[Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Reference Asset Intra-Day Value]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[(e) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value]] 
 
(iii) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Level: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Asset / As set forth in the Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Observation Period 
Table in the column entitled "Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Barrier Level" corresponding to 
the relevant Daily Observation Early Redemption

--- Page 638 ---
Form of Final Terms 
625 
Observation Period and the relevant Reference 
Asset] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[Each Periodic Valuation Date/Each Periodic 
Pricing Date/[ ] (specify date)] [The Periodic 
Valuation Date(s) scheduled to fall on [] [and [
]]/The Periodic Pricing Date(s) scheduled to fall on 
[] [and []] [Each Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation)/Each Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation)] 
 
(v) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Daily Observation Early 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[In respect of [each/the] Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, [ ] - [Included / 
Excluded]][As set forth in the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Observation Period Table in the 
column 
entitled 
"Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period Start Date" 
corresponding to the relevant Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Observation Period]  
(b) 
Daily Observation Early 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
[[Each/The] Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Valuation Date  
- [Adjusted/Unadjusted] 
- [Included / Excluded]] 
[As set forth in the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Observation Period Table in the 
column 
entitled 
"Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period End Date" 
corresponding to the relevant Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Observation Period] 
(c) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX

--- Page 639 ---
Form of Final Terms 
626 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Date: 
[ ] (specify date)/[As specified in Payout 
Condition 4 (Definitions and Interpretation)] 
 
(vii) 
Daily Observation Number of 
Days: 
[ ]/[As specified in Payout Condition 4 
(Definitions and Interpretation)] 
 
(viii) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[] (specify amount) 
Fast Autocall Early Redemption (Payout 
Condition 2): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Daily Observation Early Redemption 
 
(i) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Reference Asset(s): 
[[The/Each][Share [and]/Index [and]/Commodity 
[and]/Commodity 
Index 
[and]/FX 
Rate 
[and]/Fund] as specified below in paragraph[s] 
[38/39/40/41/43]]/[Each Reference Asset specified 
as such in the Reference Asset Table below in the 
column entitled "Reference Asset Category"]/[[
](Specify each relevant Reference Asset)] 
 
(ii) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation Period Closing: 
[Applicable: 
(a) 
[the/each/any] 
[Reference 
Asset/Relevant Performance] and (b) [less than or 
equal to/greater than or equal to/less than/greater 
than] the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation Period Intra-
Day: 
[Applicable: 
(a) 
[the/each/any] 
[Reference 
Asset/Relevant Performance] and (b) [less than or 
equal to/greater than or equal to/less than/greater 
than] the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level]/[Not Applicable] 
[(c) 
Relevant Performance: 
[Applicable: 
[Asset 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Performance (Basket) - [Weighted Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted Performance (Asset 
Return)]]/[Relevant Performance (Worst)]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[(d) 
Value(t): 
[Applicable: 
[Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Reference Asset Intra-Day Value]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[(e) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value]]

--- Page 640 ---
Form of Final Terms 
627 
 
(iii) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Level: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Asset / As set forth in the Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Observation Period 
Table in the column entitled "Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Barrier Level" corresponding to 
the relevant Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Observation Period and the relevant Reference 
Asset] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[Each Periodic Valuation Date/Each Periodic 
Pricing Date/[ ] (specify date)] [The Periodic 
Valuation Date(s) scheduled to fall on [] [and [
]]/The Periodic Pricing Date(s) scheduled to fall on 
[] [and []] [Each Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation)/Each Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation)] 
 
(v) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Daily Observation Early 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[In respect of [each/the] Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, [ ] - [Included / 
Excluded]] [As set forth in the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Observation Period Table in the 
column 
entitled 
"Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period Start Date" 
corresponding to the relevant Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Observation Period] 
(b) 
Daily Observation Early 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
[[Each/The] Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Valuation Date  
- [Adjusted/Unadjusted] 
- [Included / Excluded]] 
[As set forth in the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Observation Period Table in the 
column 
entitled 
"Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period End Date" 
corresponding to the relevant Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Observation Period] 
(c) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 641 ---
Form of Final Terms 
628 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Date: 
[ ] (specify date)/[As specified in Payout 
Condition 4 (Definitions and Interpretation)] 
 
(vii) 
Daily Observation Number of 
Days: 
[ ]/[As specified in Payout Condition 4 
(Definitions and Interpretation)] 
 
(viii) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[] (specify amount) 
Early Redemption Event  
 
(ix) 
Early 
Redemption 
Reference 
Asset(s): 
[[The/Each][Share [and]/Index [and]/Commodity 
[and]/Commodity Index [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund 
[and]/ Reference Rate] as specified below in 
paragraph[s] 
[38/39/40/41/43/44]]/[Each 
Reference Asset specified as such in the Reference 
Asset Table below in the column entitled 
"Reference Asset Category"]/[[ ](Specify each 
relevant Reference Asset)] 
 
(x) 
Early Redemption Event 1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
- 
Early Redemption Barrier: 
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, ][] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Reference Asset/As 
set forth in the Early Redemption Table in the 
column entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Early Redemption 
Valuation Date] 
- 
ER Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation: 
[Less than or equal to/Greater than or equal to/Less 
than/Greater than] the Early Redemption Barrier 
 
(xi) 
Early Redemption Event 2:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
- 
Early Redemption Barrier: 
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, ][] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference

--- Page 642 ---
Form of Final Terms 
629 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Reference Asset/As 
set forth in the Early Redemption Table in the 
column entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Early Redemption 
Valuation Date] 
- 
ER Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation: 
[Less than or equal to/Greater than or equal to/Less 
than/Greater than] its respective Early Redemption 
Barrier 
 
(xii) 
Early Redemption Event 3: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket) 
- 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted Performance (Asset 
Return)]]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Worst)]/[Relevant Performance (Best)]/[As set 
forth in the Early Redemption Table in the column 
entitled "Relevant Performance" corresponding to 
the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Date] 
[- 
Value(t): 
[Applicable: 
[Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Reference Asset Intra-Day Value]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[- 
Weighted Performance: 
[Weighted Performance (Value/Initial)/Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)] 
(Insert if Relevant Performance (Basket) is 
applicable, otherwise delete) 
- 
Early Redemption Strike: 
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, ][ ]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Early Redemption 
Strike" corresponding to the relevant Reference 
Asset/As set forth in the Early Redemption Table 
in the column entitled "Early Redemption Strike" 
corresponding to the relevant Early Redemption 
Valuation Date] 
- 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
- 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
- 
Early Redemption Strike 
Observation: 
[Less than or equal to/Greater than or equal to/Less 
than/Greater than] the Early Redemption Strike 
 
(xiii) 
Early Redemption Valuation Date: 
[Each Periodic Valuation Date/Each Periodic 
Pricing Date/[] (specify date)/Each date set forth 
in the Early Redemption Table in the column 
entitled "Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)"] 
[The Periodic Valuation Date(s) scheduled to fall 
on [ ] [and [ ]]/The Periodic Pricing Date(s)

--- Page 643 ---
Form of Final Terms 
630 
scheduled to fall on [] [and []] / [Insert only for 
Rate Linked Securities where "Reference Rate 
Financial Centre(s)" is applicable: The day falling 
the Relevant Number of Reference Rate Business 
Days immediately preceding the relevant Early 
Redemption Date] 
 
(xiv) 
[Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [the Early Redemption Valuation 
Date scheduled to fall on []/[] (insert relevant 
Early Redemption Valuation Date corresponding 
to the relevant set of Averaging Dates)]: 
[]/Each date set forth in the Early Redemption 
Table in the column entitled "Averaging Date(s)"/ 
Each Observation Date (Closing Valuation) falling 
in the Averaging Observation Period in respect of 
[such Early Redemption Valuation Date] []/Such 
dates specified as "Averaging Date(s)" in respect 
of an Early Redemption Valuation Date under 
paragraph[s] [38/39/41/43] below 
[Averaging 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not 
Applicable][Applicable] in respect of [such Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] []: 
- 
[Averaging Observation Period Start 
Date: [ ] ([Included][Excluded]) in 
respect of [such Early Redemption 
Valuation Date] [] 
- 
Averaging Observation Period End Date: 
[] ([Included][Excluded]) in respect of 
[such Early Redemption Valuation Date] 
[] 
- 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation): 
Applicable, 
as 
specified 
in 
the 
[Share][Index][FX][Fund] 
Linked 
Provisions in respect of [each/the] 
[Share][Index][FX Rate][Fund] 
- 
Specified Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): [In respect of the Averaging 
Observation 
Period, 
[

]]/[Not 
Applicable]]] 
(repeat as necessary)] 
 
(xv) 
Early Redemption Date: 
[Each Coupon Payment Date other than the 
Maturity Date/ Each Coupon Payment Date other 
than the Redemption Date/ Each Interest Payment 
Date other than the Maturity Date/[and each of ][
] (specify date) [subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]] / Each date set forth in the Early 
Redemption Table in the column entitled " Early 
Redemption Date(s)"] 
 
(xvi) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[] (specify amount) / ELIOS Early Redemption 
is [not] applicable] (If "ELIOS Early Redemption" 
is not applicable, delete the remaining sub-

--- Page 644 ---
Form of Final Terms 
631 
paragraphs of this paragraph) / In respect of each 
Early Redemption Date, the amount set forth in the 
Early Redemption Table in the column entitled 
"Early 
Redemption 
Amount" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Early Redemption Date] 
[(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] (specify amount)] 
[(b) 
Early Redemption Value: 
[[] (specify amount)] 
[If Early Redemption Barrier or Early Redemption Strike (as applicable) has different value or 
Relevant Performance is different on each Early Redemption Valuation Date or ER Averaging is 
applicable, insert: Early Redemption Table] 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)
[Early 
Redemption 
Date
[Averaging 
Dates 
Early 
Redemption 
[Barrier] / 
[Strike]
[Relevant 
Performance 
[Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
[] 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate)
[] 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate)]
[] 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate)]
[] [of the 
Initial Value 
of [insert 
Reference 
Asset]] 
(Insert 
amount, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[Not 
Applicable] / 
[Relevant 
Performance 
(Worst)] / 
[Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket)] / 
[Relevant 
Performance 
(Best)] 
(Insert 
Relevant 
Performance 
as applicable, 
repeat as 
appropriate)]
[] 
(Insert 
amount, 
repeat as 
appropriate)]
[If there are multiple Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Periods, insert: 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period Table 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period 
Start Date 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period 
End Date 
Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level 
[] – [Included / Excluded] 
(Insert 
date, 
repeat 
as 
appropriate) 
[] – [Adjusted/Unadjusted] – 
[Included / Excluded] 
(Insert 
date, 
repeat 
as 
appropriate)] 
[] [of the Initial Value of [insert 
Reference Asset]] 
(Insert Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level for 
each Reference Asset, repeat as 
appropriate)] 
36. Security Redemption Amount (Payout 
Condition 3): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Security Redemption Reference 
Asset(s): 
[[The/Each][Share [and]/Index [and]/Commodity 
[and]/Commodity 
Index 
[and]/FX 
Rate 
[and]/Fund] as specified below in paragraph[s] 
[38/39/40/41/43]]/[Each Reference Asset specified 
as such in the Reference Asset Table below in the 
column entitled "Reference Asset Category"]/[Not

--- Page 645 ---
Form of Final Terms 
632 
Applicable]/[] (Specify each relevant Reference 
Asset)]  
 
(ii) 
Provisions for determining Security 
Redemption 
Amount 
where 
calculation by reference to Share 
and/or 
Index 
and/or 
Commodity/Commodity 
Index 
and/or Fund is impossible or 
impracticable 
or 
otherwise 
disrupted: 
The [Share Linked Provisions [and]/Index Linked 
Provisions [and]/Commodity Linked Provisions 
[and]/FX Linked Provisions [and]/Fund Linked 
Provisions] are applicable. See paragraph[s] 
[38/39/40/41/43]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[(iii) 
Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Notes): 
[Applicable: []/Not Applicable]] 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
37. Payout Conditions35: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Redemption Amount 1 (Single 
Reference 
Asset) 
(Payout 
Conditions 3(a) and 3(b)):
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(e) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] /As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
(f) 
Cap: 
[] 
(g) 
Floor: 
[] 
(h) 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less 
than or equal to/less than/greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Barrier Event Strike is applicable] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
-  
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
35
The Payout Conditions do not provide for the averaging of commodities or commodity indices.

--- Page 646 ---
Form of Final Terms 
633 
- 
Final Value Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) / [Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
(i) 
Barrier Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(j) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption Amount 2 (Payout 
Conditions 3(c) and 3(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[]

--- Page 647 ---
Form of Final Terms 
634 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(e) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] /As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
(f) 
Cap: 
[] 
(g) 
Floor: 
[] 
(h) 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less 
than or equal to/less than/greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Barrier Event Strike is applicable] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Final Value Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) [Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
(i) 
Barrier Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(j) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If

--- Page 648 ---
Form of Final Terms 
635 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Redemption Amount 3 (Payout 
Conditions 3(e) and 3(f)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(e) 
Barrier Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less than or equal 
to/less than/greater than or equal to/greater than] 
Barrier Event Strike is applicable] 
[For the purposes of Payout Condition 3(f)(ii)(A), 
[greater than/greater than or equal to] Initial Value 
is applicable] 
[For the purposes of Payout Condition 3(f)(ii)(B), 
[equal to or less than/less than] Initial Value is 
applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Final Value Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 649 ---
Form of Final Terms 
636 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) [Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
(f) 
Barrier Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(g) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Redemption Amount 4 (Payout 
Conditions 3(g) and 3(h)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 650 ---
Form of Final Terms 
637 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(e) 
Barrier Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less than or equal 
to/less than/greater than or equal to/greater than] 
Barrier Event Strike is applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Final Value Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[Valuation Date/Final Pricing Date/FX Valuation 
Date/Final Averaging Date/[] (specify date)] [Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
(f) 
Barrier Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(g) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 651 ---
Form of Final Terms 
638 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Redemption Amount 5 (Payout 
Condition 3(i)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Floor: 
[] 
(e) 
Barrier Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less than or equal 
to/less than/greater than or equal to/greater than] 
Barrier Event Strike is applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Final Value Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) [Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
(f) 
Barrier Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(g) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX

--- Page 652 ---
Form of Final Terms 
639 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Bonus 
Securities 
(Payout 
Conditions 3(j) and 3(k)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(c) 
Barrier Performance Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in the Payout Conditions, 
[less than or equal to/less than/greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Barrier Performance Strike is 
applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Intra-
Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) 
- 
Barrier Performance Strike: 
[[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in 
the column entitled "Barrier Performance Strike"] 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket) 
- 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted Performance (Asset 
Return)]]/[Relevant Performance (Worst)]

--- Page 653 ---
Form of Final Terms 
640 
- 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Start 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(e) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Final Relevant Performance 
(FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
(h) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(j) 
Bonus: 
[] [(expressed as a decimal)] 
(k) 
Floor: 
[] 
(l) 
Linear Feature: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(m) 
PF1: 
[] 
(n) 
Strike: 
[]

--- Page 654 ---
Form of Final Terms 
641 
[(o) 
Final Asset Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Asset Performance or 
Final Relevant Performance (Worst)) 
[(p) 
Final Asset Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Asset Performance or 
Final Relevant Performance (Worst)) 
[(q) 
W: 
[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP 
is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
[(r) 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket)) 
[(s) 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket)) 
 
(vii) 
Capped Bonus Securities (Payout 
Conditions 3(l) and 3(m)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(c) 
Barrier Performance Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in the Payout Conditions, 
[less than or equal to/less than/greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Barrier Performance Strike is 
applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Intra-
Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) 
- 
Barrier Performance Strike: 
[[]]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in 
the column entitled "Barrier Performance Strike"] 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket) 
- 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted Performance (Asset 
Return)]]/[Relevant Performance (Worst)]

--- Page 655 ---
Form of Final Terms 
642 
- 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Start 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(e) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect 
of[each/the] 
Index] 
[and]/[(iii)] 
Commodity 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Final Relevant Performance 
(FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
(h) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(j) 
Bonus: 
[] 
(k) 
Cap: 
[] 
(l) 
Linear Feature: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(m) 
Floor: 
[] 
(n) 
PF1: 
[]

--- Page 656 ---
Form of Final Terms 
643 
(o) 
Strike: 
[] 
[(p) 
Final Asset Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Asset Performance or 
Final Relevant Performance (Worst)) 
[(q) 
Final Asset Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Asset Performance or 
Final Relevant Performance (Worst)) 
[(r) 
W: 
[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP 
is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
[(s) 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket)) 
[(t) 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket)) 
 
(viii) 
Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Securities (Payout Conditions 3(n) 
and 3(o)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(c) 
Barrier Performance Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in the Payout Conditions, 
[less than or equal to/less than/greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Barrier Performance Strike is 
applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Intra-
Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) 
- 
Barrier Performance Strike: 
[[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in 
the column entitled "Barrier Performance Strike"] 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket) 
-
[Weighted 
Performance

--- Page 657 ---
Form of Final Terms 
644 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted Performance (Asset 
Return)]]/[Relevant Performance (Worst)] 
- 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Start 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(e) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Final Relevant Performance 
(FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
(h) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
[(j) 
Final Asset Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Asset Performance or 
Final Relevant Performance (Worst))

--- Page 658 ---
Form of Final Terms 
645 
[(k) 
Final Asset Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Asset Performance or 
Final Relevant Performance (Worst)) 
[(j) 
W: 
[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP 
is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
[(k) 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket)) 
[(l) 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket)) 
 
(ix) 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Securities 
(Payout Conditions 3(p) and 3(q)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(c) 
Final Relevant Performance 
(FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
(d) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(f) 
Put Strike: 
[] 
[(g) 
Final Asset Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Asset Performance or 
Final Relevant Performance (Worst)) 
[(h) 
Final Asset Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Asset Performance or 
Final Relevant Performance (Worst)) 
[(i) 
W: 
[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP 
is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
[(j) 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket)) 
[(k) 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket)) 
 
(x) 
Discount 
Securities 
(Payout 
Condition 3(r)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 659 ---
Form of Final Terms 
646 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Final Relevant Performance 
(FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(e) 
Cap: 
[] 
[(f) 
Final Asset Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Asset Performance or 
Final Relevant Performance (Worst)) 
[(g) 
Final Asset Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Asset Performance or 
Final Relevant Performance (Worst)) 
[(h) 
W: 
[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in 
the column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
[(i) 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket)) 
[(j) 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket)) 
 
(xi) 
Twin Win with Cap (Single 
Reference 
Asset) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(s)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Twin Win with no Cap (Single 
Reference 
Asset) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(t)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] /As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
(e) 
Cap: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Barrier Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less than or equal

--- Page 660 ---
Form of Final Terms 
647 
to/less than/greater than or equal to/greater than] 
Barrier Event Strike is applicable 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Final Value Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[Valuation Date/Final Pricing Date/FX Valuation 
Date/Final Averaging Date/[] (specify date)] [Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
(g) 
Barrier Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(h) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Linear Feature: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 661 ---
Form of Final Terms 
648 
(k) 
Floor: 
[] 
(l) 
PF1: 
[] 
(m) 
Strike: 
[] 
 
(xii) 
Barrier Event Redemption Amount 
(Single Reference Asset) (Payout 
Condition 3(u)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Barrier Event Redemption Amount 
with Instalment Feature (Single 
Reference 
Asset) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(kkk)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Barrier Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less than or equal 
to/less than/greater than or equal to/greater than] 
Barrier Event Strike is applicable 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Final Value Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[Valuation Date/Final Pricing Date/FX Valuation 
Date/Final Averaging Date/[] (specify date)] [Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
(e) 
Barrier Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(f) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked

--- Page 662 ---
Form of Final Terms 
649 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Cap: 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Floor: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
[(j) 
Instalment Percentage: 
[]] 
 
(xiii) 
ELIOS 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Payout Condition 3(v)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
(e) 
Final 
Redemption 
Multiplier: 
[] 
(f) 
Final Redemption Value: 
[] 
(g) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Value: 
[] 
(xiv) 
Best-of Bonus (Payout Condition 
3(w)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[]

--- Page 663 ---
Form of Final Terms 
650 
(b) 
Bonus: 
[] 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(e) 
Barrier Event: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less 
than or equal to/less than/greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Barrier Event Strike is applicable 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Final Value Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) [Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
(f) 
Barrier Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(g) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of

--- Page 664 ---
Form of Final Terms 
651 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Linear Feature: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Floor: 
[] 
(k) 
PF1: 
[] 
(l) 
Strike: 
[] 
 
(xv) 
Capped 
Booster 
1 
(Payout 
Condition 3(x)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Participation: 
[] 
(e) 
Strike: 
[] 
(f) 
Floor: 
[] 
(g) 
Cap: 
[] 
(h) 
Downside Floor: 
[] 
(i) 
Downside Cap: 
[] 
(j) 
FXR: 
[Applicable; For the purposes of the definition of 
"FXR", "Inverse FXR" is [not] applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(k) 
Barrier Performance Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in the Payout Conditions, 
[less than or equal to/less than/greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Barrier Performance Strike is 
applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Intra-
Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 665 ---
Form of Final Terms 
652 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[Valuation Date/Final Pricing Date/FX Valuation 
Date/Final Averaging Date/[] (specify date)] 
- 
Barrier Performance Strike: 
[[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in 
the column entitled "Barrier Performance Strike"] 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket) 
- 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted Performance (Asset 
Return)]]/[Relevant Performance (Worst)] 
- 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
(l) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Start 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(m) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(n) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Capped 
Booster 
2 
(Payout 
Condition 3(y)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[]

--- Page 666 ---
Form of Final Terms 
653 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Participation: 
[] 
(e) 
Strike: 
[] 
(f) 
Floor: 
[] 
(g) 
Cap: 
[] 
(h) 
Downside Floor: 
[] 
(i) 
Downside Cap: 
[] 
(j) 
FXR: 
[Applicable; For the purposes of the definition of 
"FXR", Inverse FXR is [not] applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(k) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference Asset]] 
(l) 
Barrier Performance Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in the Payout Conditions, 
[less than or equal to/less than/greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Barrier Performance Strike is 
applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Intra-
Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[Valuation Date/Final Pricing Date/FX Valuation 
Date/Final Averaging Date/[] (specify date)] 
- 
Barrier Performance Strike: 
[[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in 
the column entitled "Barrier Performance Strike"] 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket) 
- 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted Performance (Asset 
Return)]]/[Relevant Performance (Worst)] 
- 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
(m) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Start 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded]

--- Page 667 ---
Form of Final Terms 
654 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(n) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(o) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Redemption Amount 6 (Payout 
Condition 3(z)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
VCA: 
[] 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(e) 
Participation: 
[] 
(f) 
Floor: 
[] 
(g) 
FXR: 
[Applicable; For the purposes of the definition of 
"FXR", "Inverse FXR" is [not] applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(h) 
Final Relevant Performance 
(FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket)/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Worst)]

--- Page 668 ---
Form of Final Terms 
655 
[(i) 
Final Asset Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Asset Performance or 
Final Relevant Performance (Worst)) 
[(j) 
Final Asset Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Asset Performance or 
Final Relevant Performance (Worst)) 
[(k) 
W: 
[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
[(l) 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket)) 
[(m) 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket)) 
 
(xviii) Bullish 
Securities 
(Payout 
Condition 3(aa)):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
FBV: 
[Final Value is applicable/High Watermark Level 
is applicable] 
(e) 
Protection: 
[] 
(f) 
Strike: 
[] 
(g) 
Floor: 
[] 
(h) 
Participation: 
[] 
 
(xix) 
Redemption 
at 
par 
(Payout 
Condition 3(bb)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Redemption Amount 7 (Single 
Reference 
Asset) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(cc)):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value]

--- Page 669 ---
Form of Final Terms 
656 
(d) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
(e) 
Cap: 
[] 
(f) 
Floor: 
[] 
(g) 
Knock-In Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of "Knock-In 
Event" in the Payout Conditions, [greater than or 
equal to/greater than] Knock-In Strike is applicable 
- 
Knock-In 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Knock-In 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Knock-In Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Knock-In Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share] [Index] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) 
- 
Knock-In Strike: 
[[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in 
the column entitled " Knock-In Strike"] 
(h) 
Knock-In 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Knock-In 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Knock-In 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less 
than or equal to/less than/greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Barrier Event Strike is applicable] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Final Value Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date]

--- Page 670 ---
Form of Final Terms 
657 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) [Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
(j) 
Barrier Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(k) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
-  
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of 
Reference 
Assets) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(dd)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value]

--- Page 671 ---
Form of Final Terms 
658 
(d) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
(e) 
Cap: 
[] 
(f) 
Floor: 
[] 
(g) 
Knock-In 
Performance 
Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Knock-In Performance Event" in the Payout 
Conditions, [greater than or equal to/greater than] 
Knock-In Performance Strike is applicable] 
- 
Knock-In 
Performance 
Observation Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Knock-In 
Performance 
Observation Period Intra-
Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Knock-In 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Knock-In Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share] [Index] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) 
- 
Knock-In 
Performance 
Strike: 
[[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in 
the column entitled "Knock-In Performance 
Strike"] 
(h) 
Knock-In 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Knock-In 
Performance 
Observation Period Start 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Knock-In 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(i) 
Barrier Performance Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Performance Event" in the Payout 
Conditions, [less than or equal to/less than/greater 
than or equal to/greater than] Barrier Performance 
Strike is applicable] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Intra-
Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 672 ---
Form of Final Terms 
659 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) 
- 
Barrier Performance Strike: 
[[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in 
the column entitled "Barrier Performance Strike"] 
(j) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Start 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(k) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Call Warrants (Single Reference 
Asset) (Payout Condition 3(ee)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Call Warrants (Basket of Reference 
Assets) (Payout Condition 3(ff)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Put Warrants (Single Reference 
Asset) (Payout Condition 3(gg)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 673 ---
Form of Final Terms 
660 
Put Warrants (Basket of Reference 
Assets) (Payout Condition 3(hh)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If all of the above are Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Strike: 
[] 
(e) 
Floor: 
[] 
(f) 
Cap: 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
[(g)  
Aggregate Final Weighted 
Asset Return (AFWAR): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Applicable for Call 
Warrants (Basket of Reference Assets) or Put 
Warrants (Basket of Reference Assets))
[(h) 
W: 
[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if Call 
Warrants (Basket of Reference Assets) or Put 
Warrants (Basket of Reference Assets) is 
applicable) 
 
(xxiii) Delta One (Single Reference Asset) 
(Payout Condition 3(ii)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Delta One (Basket of Reference 
Assets) (Payout Condition 3(jj)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Floor: 
[] 
[(e) 
W: 
[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if 
Delta One (Basket of Reference Assets) is 
applicable) 
 
(xxiv) 
Twin Win II with Cap (Payout 
Condition 3(kk)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Twin Win II with no Cap (Payout 
Condition 3(ll)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[]

--- Page 674 ---
Form of Final Terms 
661 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
(e) 
Performance Factor 1: 
[] 
(f) 
Performance Factor 2: 
[] 
(g) 
Cap: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Barrier Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less than or equal 
to/less than/greater than or equal to/greater than] 
Barrier Event Strike is applicable 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Final Value Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[Valuation Date/Final Pricing Date/FX Valuation 
Date/Final Averaging Date/[] (specify date)] [Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
(i) 
Barrier Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(j) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 675 ---
Form of Final Terms 
662 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Outperformance with Cap (Payout 
Condition 3(mm)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Outperformance 
with 
no 
Cap 
(Payout Condition 3(nn)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value (in respect of 
Reference Asset 1): 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Initial Value (in respect of 
Reference Asset 2): 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(e) 
Performance Factor 1: 
[] 
(f) 
Performance Factor 2: 
[] 
(g) 
Cap: 
[] 
(h) 
Floor: 
[] 
(i) 
Reference Asset 1: 
[] [As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
below in the column entitled "Reference Asset(s)"] 
(j) 
Reference Asset 2: 
[] [As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
below in the column entitled "Reference Asset(s)"] 
(k) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 676 ---
Form of Final Terms 
663 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) 
Redemption Amount 1 (Basket of 
Reference 
Assets) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(oo)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference Asset]] 
(e) 
Cap: 
[] 
(f) 
Floor: 
[] 
(g) 
Final 
Weighted 
Performance: 
[Weighted Performance (Final/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)] 
(h) 
Barrier Performance Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Performance Event" in the Payout 
Conditions, [less than or equal to/less than/greater 
than or equal to/greater than] Barrier Performance 
Strike is applicable] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Intra-
Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) 
- 
Barrier Performance Strike: 
[]

--- Page 677 ---
Form of Final Terms 
664 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
Relevant Performance (Basket) - [Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)] 
- 
Value(t) 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
(i) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Start 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(j) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Twin Win with Cap (Basket of 
Reference 
Assets) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(pp)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Twin Win with no Cap (Basket of 
Reference 
Assets) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(qq)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 678 ---
Form of Final Terms 
665 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference Asset]] 
(e) 
Cap: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Final 
Weighted 
Performance: 
[Weighted Performance (Final/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)] 
(g) 
Barrier Performance Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in the Payout Conditions, 
[less than or equal to/less than/greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Barrier Performance Strike is 
applicable 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Intra-
Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) 
- 
Barrier Performance Strike: 
[] 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
Relevant Performance (Basket) - [Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)] 
- 
Value(t) 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
(h) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Start 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(i) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If

--- Page 679 ---
Form of Final Terms 
666 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Barrier Event Redemption Amount 
(Basket 
of 
Reference 
Assets) 
(Payout Condition 3(rr)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Final 
Weighted 
Performance: 
Weighted Performance (Final/Initial) 
(e) 
Barrier Performance Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in the Payout Conditions, 
[less than or equal to/less than/greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Barrier Performance Strike is 
applicable 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Intra-
Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) 
- 
Barrier Performance Strike: 
[]

--- Page 680 ---
Form of Final Terms 
667 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
Relevant Performance (Basket) - [Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)] 
- 
Value(t) 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
(f) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Start 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(g) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxix) 
Downside Performance (Payout 
Condition 3(ss)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Final Relevant Performance 
(FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)]

--- Page 681 ---
Form of Final Terms 
668 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Asset 
Performance or Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst), otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance (Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Asset 
Performance or Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst), otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)]
[- 
Weighted 
Performance (Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)] 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(e) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
(f) 
Floor: 
[] 
(g) 
Put Strike: 
[] 
(h) 
Barrier Performance Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Performance Event" in the Payout 
Conditions, [less than or equal to/less than/greater 
than or equal to/greater than] Barrier Performance 
Strike is applicable] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Intra-
Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) 
- 
Barrier Performance Strike: 
[[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in 
the column entitled "Barrier Performance Strike"] 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket) 
-
[Weighted 
Performance

--- Page 682 ---
Form of Final Terms 
669 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted Performance (Asset 
Return)]]/[Relevant Performance (Worst)]  
- 
Value(t) 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
(i) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Start 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(j) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxx) 
Redemption Amount 8 (Payout 
Condition 3(tt)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value]

--- Page 683 ---
Form of Final Terms 
670 
(d) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] /As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
(e) 
Floor: 
[] 
 
(xxxi) 
Olympus Redemption Amount 1 
(Payout Condition 3(uu)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Final Relevant Performance 
(FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)] 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Asset 
Performance, otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance (Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Asset 
Performance, otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)]
[- 
Weighted 
Performance (Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)] 
[(c) 
W: 
[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket))] 
(d) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(f) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
(g) 
Barrier Event 1: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Event 1" in the Payout Conditions, [less 
than or equal to/less than/greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Barrier Event Strike 1 is applicable 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Final Value Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 684 ---
Form of Final Terms 
671 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 1: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) [Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Event Strike 1: 
[[] of the Initial Value of [insert Reference Asset] 
/ As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike 1"] 
(h) 
Barrier Observation Period 
1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date 1: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date 1: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(i) 
Barrier Event 2: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Event 2" in the Payout Conditions, [less 
than or equal to/less than/greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Barrier Event Strike 2 is applicable 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Final Value Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 2: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) [Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Event Strike 2: 
[[] of the Initial Value of [insert Reference Asset] 
/ As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike 2"] 
(j) 
Barrier Observation Period 
2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date 2: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date 2: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(k) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked

--- Page 685 ---
Form of Final Terms 
672 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(m) 
Downside Cap: 
[] 
(n) 
DwnPFI: 
[] 
(o) 
PF1: 
[] 
(p) 
PF2: 
[] 
(q) 
UpCAP: 
[] 
(r) 
UpPFI: 
[] 
 
(xxxii) Olympus Redemption Amount 2 
(Payout Condition 3(vv)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Final Relevant Performance 
(FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)] 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Asset 
Performance, otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance (Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Asset 
Performance, otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)]
[- 
Weighted 
Performance (Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)]

--- Page 686 ---
Form of Final Terms 
673 
[(c) 
W: 
[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket))] 
(d) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(f) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
(g) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Downside Cap: 
[] 
(j) 
DwnPFI: 
[] 
(k) 
UpCAP: 
[] 
(l) 
UpPFI: 
[] 
(xxxiii) Hydra 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Payout Condition 3(ww)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Final Relevant Performance 
(FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
1/Final Relevant Performance 2]

--- Page 687 ---
Form of Final Terms 
674 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Asset 
Performance, otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance (Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Asset 
Performance, otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)]
[- 
Weighted 
Performance (Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)] 
Final Relevant Performance 
1 (FRP1): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)] 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP1 is specified as Final Asset 
Performance, otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance (Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP1 is specified as Final Asset 
Performance, otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP1 is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)]
[- 
Weighted 
Performance (Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP1 is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)] 
Final Relevant Performance 
2 (FRP2): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)] 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP2 is specified as Final Asset 
Performance, otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance (Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP2 is specified as Final Asset 
Performance, otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP2 is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)]
[- 
Weighted 
Performance (Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP2 is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)] 
[(c) 
W: 
[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket))] 
(d) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 688 ---
Form of Final Terms 
675 
[Applicable/Not Applicable in respect of the Final 
Value for FRP/FRP1/FRP2] 
[Insert as applicable where "Final Value Closing" 
applies for Barrier Event 1 and/or Barrier Event 2: 
Applicable/Not Applicable in respect of the Final 
Value where "Final Value Closing" applies for 
Barrier Event 1/2] 
(e) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(f) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
(g) 
Barrier Event 1: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Event 1" in the Payout Conditions, [less 
than or equal to/less than/greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Barrier Event Strike 1 is applicable 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Final Value Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 1: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) [Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Event Strike 1: 
[[] of the Initial Value of [insert Reference Asset] 
/ As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike 1"] 
(h) 
Barrier Observation Period 
1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date 1: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date 1: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(i) 
Barrier Event 2: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Event 2" in the Payout Conditions, [less 
than or equal to/less than/greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Barrier Event Strike 2 is applicable 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 689 ---
Form of Final Terms 
676 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Final Value Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 2: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) [Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Event Strike 2: 
[[] of the Initial Value of [insert Reference Asset] 
/ As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike 2"] 
(j) 
Barrier Observation Period 
2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date 2: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date 2: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(k) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(m) 
Linear Feature: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(n) 
Downside Cap: 
[]

--- Page 690 ---
Form of Final Terms 
677 
(o) 
DwnPFI: 
[] 
(p) 
Floor1: 
[] 
(q) 
Floor2: 
[] 
(r) 
PF1: 
[] 
(s) 
PF2: 
[] 
(t) 
Strike1: 
[] 
(u) 
Strike2: 
[] 
(v) 
UpCAP: 
[] 
(w) 
UpPFI: 
[] 
 
(xxxiv) Leveraged Put (Single Reference 
Asset) (Payout Condition 3(xx)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Put Strike: 
[] 
(e) 
Strike: 
[] 
(f) 
Floor: 
[] 
 
(xxxv) Leveraged 
Put 
(Basket 
of 
Reference 
Assets) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(yy)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Final Relevant Performance 
(FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Asset 
Performance or Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst), otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance (Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Asset 
Performance or Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst), otherwise delete)]

--- Page 691 ---
Form of Final Terms 
678 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)]
[- 
Weighted 
Performance (Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)] 
[(c) 
W: 
[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket))] 
(d) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(f) 
Put Strike: 
[] 
(g) 
Strike: 
[] 
(h) 
Floor: 
[] 
 
(xxxvi) Market 
Participation 
(Payout 
Condition 3(zz)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
CapUp: 
[Applicable – []]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Final Relevant Performance 
(FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Asset 
Performance or Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst), otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance (Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Asset 
Performance or Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst), otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)]
[- 
Weighted 
Performance (Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)] 
[(d) 
W: 
[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket))] 
(e) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 692 ---
Form of Final Terms 
679 
(f) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(g) 
FloorDown: 
[] 
(h) 
PPDown: 
[] 
(i) 
PPUp: 
[] 
 
(xxxvii) Outperformance 
II 
with 
Cap 
(Payout Condition 3(aaa)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement/Cash Settlement and/or Physical 
Settlement] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(e) 
Participation: 
[] 
(f) 
Cap: 
[] 
 
(xxxviii) Outperformance II with no Cap 
(Payout Condition 3(bbb)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement/Cash Settlement and/or Physical 
Settlement] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(e) 
Participation: 
[] 
 
(xxxix) Double Barrier without Rebate 
(Payout Condition 3(ccc)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Double Barrier Event 1: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Double Barrier Event 1" in the Payout Conditions, 
[greater than or equal to/greater than] Barrier Event 
Strike 1 is applicable 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 693 ---
Form of Final Terms 
680 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 1: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) 
- 
Barrier Event Strike 1: 
[[] of the Initial Value of [insert Reference Asset] 
/ As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike 1"] 
(e) 
Barrier Observation Period 
1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date 1: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date 1: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(f) 
Double Barrier Event 2: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Double Barrier Event 2" in the Payout Conditions, 
[less than or equal to/less than] Barrier Event 
Strike 2 is applicable 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 2: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) 
- 
Barrier Event Strike 2: 
[[] of the Initial Value of [insert Reference Asset] 
/ As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike 2"] 
(g) 
Barrier Observation Period 
2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date 2: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date 2: 
[], [Included/Excluded]

--- Page 694 ---
Form of Final Terms 
681 
(h) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Participation: 
[] 
(k) 
Protection: 
[] 
 
(xl) 
Double 
Barrier 
with 
Rebate 
(Payout Condition 3(ddd)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Double Barrier Event 1: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Double Barrier Event 1" in the Payout Conditions, 
[greater than or equal to/greater than] Barrier Event 
Strike 1 is applicable 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 1: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date]

--- Page 695 ---
Form of Final Terms 
682 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) 
- 
Barrier Event Strike 1: 
[[] of the Initial Value of [insert Reference Asset] 
/ As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike 1"] 
(e) 
Barrier Observation Period 
1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date 1: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date 1: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(f) 
Double Barrier Event 2: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Double Barrier Event 2" in the Payout Conditions, 
[less than or equal to/less than] Barrier Event 
Strike 2 is applicable 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 2: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) 
- 
Barrier Event Strike 2: 
[[] of the Initial Value of [insert Reference Asset] 
/ As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike 2"] 
(g) 
Barrier Observation Period 
2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date 2: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date 2: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(h) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If

--- Page 696 ---
Form of Final Terms 
683 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Participation: 
[] 
(k) 
Protection: 
[] 
(l) 
Rebate: 
[] 
 
(xli) 
Lock-in Event Redemption (Payout 
Condition 3(eee)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Put Strike: 
[] 
(e) 
Final Relevant Performance 
(FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Asset 
Performance or Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst), otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance (Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Asset 
Performance or Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst), otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)]
[- 
Weighted 
Performance (Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)]

--- Page 697 ---
Form of Final Terms 
684 
[(f) 
W: 
[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket))] 
(g) 
Barrier Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less than or equal 
to/less than/greater than or equal to/greater than] 
Barrier Event Strike is applicable 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Final Value Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[Valuation Date/Final Pricing Date/FX Valuation 
Date/Final Averaging Date/[] (specify date)] [Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
(h) 
Barrier Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(i) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX

--- Page 698 ---
Form of Final Terms 
685 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Coupon Lock-in Event for 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Lock-in Event: 
[Applicable: for the purposes of the definition of 
"Lock-in Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less 
than or equal to Lock-in Level] / [greater than or 
equal to Lock-in Level] / [less than Lock-in Level] 
/ [greater than Lock-in Level] is applicable] 
/[Not Applicable: Coupon Lock-in Event for 
Redemption applies] 
(m) 
Lock-in Level: 
[[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in 
the column entitled "Lock-in Level" corresponding 
to the relevant Reference Asset and/or the relevant 
Lock-in Valuation Date] [Not Applicable] 
(n) 
Lock-in Valuation Date(s): 
[Each Periodic Valuation Date/Each Periodic 
Pricing Date/[] (specify date)/Each date set forth 
in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled 
"Lock-in Valuation Date" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Asset]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xlii) 
Reverse Trigger (Payout Condition 
3(fff)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Barrier Performance Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in the Payout Conditions, 
[less than or equal to/less than/greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Barrier Performance Strike is 
applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Intra-
Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) 
- 
Barrier Performance Strike: 
[[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in 
the column entitled "Barrier Performance Strike"]

--- Page 699 ---
Form of Final Terms 
686 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket) 
- 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted Performance (Asset 
Return)]]/[Relevant Performance (Worst)] 
- 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
(c) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Start 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(d) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Final Relevant Performance 
(FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
[- 
Final Asset Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Asset 
Performance or Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst), otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Final Asset Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Asset 
Performance or Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst), otherwise delete)]

--- Page 700 ---
Form of Final Terms 
687 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)] 
[(g) 
W: 
[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP 
is Final Relevant Performance (Basket))] 
(h) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(j) 
Reverse Trigger Bonus: 
[] [(expressed as a decimal)] 
(k) 
Participation: 
[] 
(l) 
Cap: 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(m) 
Floor: 
[] 
 
(xliii) 
Buffered Return Enhanced (Single 
Reference 
Asset) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(ggg)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[] per cent. of the Initial Value of the Reference 
Asset/[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
(e) 
Cap: 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Floor: 
[] 
(g) 
Upside Gearing: 
[] 
(h) 
Downside Gearing: 
[As specified in the definition of Downside 
Gearing in Payout Condition 4 (Definitions and 
Interpretation)]/[] 
(i) 
Buffer Percentage: 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(xliv) 
Barrier Event Redemption Amount 
(Basket of Reference Assets with 
Single Reference Asset Knock-In) 
(Payout Condition 3(hhh)):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 701 ---
Form of Final Terms 
688 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(e) 
Floor: 
[] 
(f) 
Single of a Basket Knock-In 
Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of "Single of a 
Basket Knock-In Event" in the Payout Conditions, 
[greater than or equal to/greater than] Single of a 
Basket Knock-In Strike is applicable 
- 
Single of a Basket Knock-In 
Observation Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Single of a Basket Knock-In 
Observation Period Intra-
Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Single of a Basket Knock-In 
Reference Date Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Single of a Basket Knock-In 
Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share] [Index] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) 
- 
Single of a Basket Knock-In 
Strike: 
[[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in 
the column entitled "Single of a Basket Knock-In 
Strike"] 
(g) 
Single of a Basket Knock-In 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Single of a Basket Knock-In 
Observation Period Start 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Single of a Basket Knock-In 
Observation 
Period 
End 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(h) 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less 
than or equal to/less than/greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Barrier Event Strike is applicable] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 702 ---
Form of Final Terms 
689 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Final Value Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) [Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
(i) 
Barrier Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(j) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
-  
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xlv) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Event 
Redemption Amount (Basket of 
Reference 
Assets 
with Single 
Reference Asset Knock-In) (Payout 
Condition 3(iii)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 703 ---
Form of Final Terms 
690 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Knock-In Best Performance 
Strike: 
[] 
(c) 
Barrier Performance Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in the Payout Conditions, 
[less than or equal to/less than/greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Barrier Performance Strike is 
applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Intra-
Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) 
- 
Barrier Performance Strike: 
[[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in 
the column entitled "Barrier Performance Strike"] 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket) 
- 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted Performance (Asset 
Return)]]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Worst)]/[Relevant Performance (Best)] 
- 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period Start 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End 
Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(e) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in

--- Page 704 ---
Form of Final Terms 
691 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Final Relevant Performance 
(FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)/Final Relevant Performance (Best)] 
[- 
Final Asset Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Asset 
Performance, Final Relevant Performance (Best) 
or Final Relevant Performance (Worst), otherwise 
delete)] 
[- 
Final Asset Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Asset 
Performance, Final Relevant Performance (Best) 
or Final Relevant Performance (Worst), otherwise 
delete)] 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert 
this 
paragraph if FRP is specified as Final Relevant 
Performance (Basket), otherwise delete)] 
[(h) 
W: 
[]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP 
is Final Relevant Performance (Basket))] 
(i) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(k) 
Floor: 
[] 
 
(xlvi) 
Drop Back Redemption Amount 
(Payout Condition 3(jjj)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 705 ---
Form of Final Terms 
692 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(e) 
Number of Trigger Levels: 
[] 
(f) 
DB Total Number of Days: 
[] 
(g) 
Allocation (i): 
[ ] / [The amount set forth in the Drop Back 
Redemption Table in the column entitled 
"Allocation (i)" corresponding to the relevant "i"] 
(h) 
Trigger Level (i): 
[ ] / [The amount set forth in the Drop Back 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Trigger 
Level (i)" corresponding to the relevant "i"] 
(i) 
Floor: 
[] 
(j) 
Observation Period (Drop 
Back): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify "Applicable" 
save for any non-standard trades) 
- 
Observation Period (Drop 
Back) Start Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Observation Period (Drop 
Back) End Date: 
[],[Included/Excluded] 
[Insert, if appropriate: Drop Back Redemption Table] 
i 
Allocation (i) 
Trigger Level (i) 
1 
[] 
[] 
[2] 
[] 
(insert amount, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[] 
(insert amount, repeat as 
appropriate) 
(k) 
Investment Level (i) – 
Trigger 
Level 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xlvii) Redemption of Fixed Amount 
(Payout Condition 3(lll)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Fixed Amount: 
[]  
 
(xlviii) Daily 
Observation 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Payout 
Condition 3(mmm)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 706 ---
Form of Final Terms 
693 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
(d) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] /As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
(e) 
Annual Rate: 
[] 
(f) 
Base Amount: 
[] 
(g) 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less 
than or equal to/less than/greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Barrier Event Strike is applicable] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier 
Reference 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Final Value Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] 
[(ii)] [the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] 
[(iii)] [the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] 
[Final Averaging Date] [] (specify date) [Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[ ] [of the Initial Value of [insert Reference 
Asset]] / As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
(h) 
Barrier Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Barrier Observation Period 
End Date: 
[], [Included/Excluded] 
(i) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in

--- Page 707 ---
Form of Final Terms 
694 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Daily 
Observation 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Daily 
Observation 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[In respect of the Daily Observation Final 
Redemption Valuation Date, [ ] - [Included / 
Excluded]]  
- 
Daily 
Observation 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
The 
Daily 
Observation 
Final 
Redemption 
Valuation Date  
- [Adjusted/Unadjusted] 
- [Included / Excluded]] 
- 
Daily 
Observation 
Final 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[Valuation Date]/[] 
- 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Share 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] 
[and]/[(ii)] Index Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked 
Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX

--- Page 708 ---
Form of Final Terms 
695 
Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: []]/[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(xlix) 
Currency 
Conversion 
(Payout 
Condition 3(nnn)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Converted Currency: 
[] 
(l) 
Currency Conversion 2 (Payout 
Condition 3(ooo)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
FXR: 
[Applicable; For the purposes of the definition of 
"FXR", Inverse FXR is [not] applicable/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 709 ---
Form of Final Terms 
696 
REFERENCE ASSET LINKED CONDITIONS 
REFERENCE ASSET TABLE* 
Reference 
Asset(s) 
[Reference 
Asset 
Category] 
[Bloombe
rg / ISIN]
[Exchange(s
)/ 
Related 
Exchange(s)
]
[Type 
of 
FX 
Rate] 
[Referen
ce 
Currency
] 
[Base 
Currency
] 
[Initi
al 
Value
] 
[Coupo
n 
Barrier 
Level] 
[Coupo
n Level] 
[Low 
Barrier]
[Barrier 
Event 
Strike/ 
Barrier 
Event 
Strike 
1/ 
Barrier 
Event 
Strike 
2/ 
Barrier 
Performan
ce 
Strike] 
[High 
Barrier]
[[Single of a 
Basket] 
Knock-In 
Strike/ 
Knock-In 
Performan
ce Strike] 
[Enhanced 
Coupon 
Level]/ 
[Coupon 
Lock-in 
Level] 
[Enhanced 
Coupon 
Reference 
Asset(s)] 
[Early 
Redemption 
[Barrier]/[Strik
e]] 
[Daily 
Observatio
n 
Early 
Redemptio
n Barrier 
Level] 
[Redemptio
n Barrier] 
[Numbe
r 
of 
Referenc
e Assets] 
[Fixing 
Price 
Sponsor]
[Rounde
d 
Number 
of 
Referenc
e Assets] 
[FX 
Price 
Source] 
[FX 
Valuatio
n Time] 
[Residu
al 
Amount
] 
[FX 
Financi
al 
Centre] 
[W] 
[] (Name of 
Share(s) 
/Fund(s) 
/ 
Exchange 
Traded 
Fund(s) 
/ 
Index(ices) 
/ 
Commodity(ie
s) 
/ 
Commodity 
Index(ices) 
/ 
FX 
Rates 
/ 
Reference 
Rate) 
[("Reference 
Asset 
1")] 
(specify 
for 
Outperforman
ce with Cap 
(Payout 
Condition 
3(mm)), 
Outperforman
ce with no Cap 
(Payout 
Condition 
3(nn)), 
Outperforman
ce with Cap 
(Payout 
Condition 
3(mm)), 
Outperforman
ce with no Cap 
[Coupon 
Reference 
Asset]/[Early 
Redemption 
Reference 
Asset]/[Securi
ty 
Redemption 
Reference 
Asset] 
[Bloomber
g Code: [
]; ISIN(s): 
[]] 
[[Exchange(s
): [] 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[]] 
[Base 
Currency/Referen
ce Currency Rate 
/ Fixing Rate / 
Inverse 
Base 
Currency/Referen
ce Currency Rate] 
[For the purposes 
of the definition 
of FX Rate, the 
relevant exchange 
rate shall be the 
mid 
exchange 
rate] 
Reference 
Currency: 
[]] 
[Base 
Currency: 
[] 
[] 
[] [of 
the 
Initial 
Value of 
[insert 
Referenc
e Asset]] 
[] [of the 
Initial Value 
of 
[insert 
Reference 
Asset]] 
[] 
[Enhanced 
Coupon 
Level 1: [
]]/[Enhanc
ed Coupon 
Level 2: [
]]/[] 
[Enhanced 
Coupon 
Reference 
Asset 
1]/[Enhanc
ed Coupon 
Reference 
Asset 2] 
[] 
[] [of the 
Initial 
Value 
of 
[insert 
Reference 
Asset]] 
[] [of the 
Initial Value 
of 
[insert 
Reference 
Asset]] 
[] 
[] /  
[FX 
Price 
Source: [
] 
FX 
Valuatio
n Time: [
]] 
[] 
[In 
respect 
of Payout 
Conditio
n [1/2/3]] 
[] 
(Repeat 
as 
necessar
y)

--- Page 710 ---
Form of Final Terms 
697 
Reference 
Asset(s) 
[Reference 
Asset 
Category] 
[Bloombe
rg / ISIN]
[Exchange(s
)/ 
Related 
Exchange(s)
]
[Type 
of 
FX 
Rate] 
[Referen
ce 
Currency
] 
[Base 
Currency
] 
[Initi
al 
Value
] 
[Coupo
n 
Barrier 
Level] 
[Coupo
n Level] 
[Low 
Barrier]
[Barrier 
Event 
Strike/ 
Barrier 
Event 
Strike 
1/ 
Barrier 
Event 
Strike 
2/ 
Barrier 
Performan
ce 
Strike] 
[High 
Barrier]
[[Single of a 
Basket] 
Knock-In 
Strike/ 
Knock-In 
Performan
ce Strike] 
[Enhanced 
Coupon 
Level]/ 
[Coupon 
Lock-in 
Level] 
[Enhanced 
Coupon 
Reference 
Asset(s)] 
[Early 
Redemption 
[Barrier]/[Strik
e]] 
[Daily 
Observatio
n 
Early 
Redemptio
n Barrier 
Level] 
[Redemptio
n Barrier] 
[Numbe
r 
of 
Referenc
e Assets] 
[Fixing 
Price 
Sponsor]
[Rounde
d 
Number 
of 
Referenc
e Assets] 
[FX 
Price 
Source] 
[FX 
Valuatio
n Time] 
[Residu
al 
Amount
] 
[FX 
Financi
al 
Centre] 
[W] 
(Payout 
Condition 
3(nn)): 
[] (Name of 
Share(s) 
/ 
Fund(s) 
/ 
Exchange 
Traded 
Fund(s) 
/ 
Index(ices) 
/ 
Commodity(ie
s) 
/ 
Commodity 
Index(ices) 
/ 
FX Rates) 
[("Reference 
Asset 
2")] 
(specify 
for 
Outperforman
ce with Cap 
(Payout 
Condition 
3(mm) 
and 
Outperforman
ce with no Cap 
(Payout 
Condition 
3(nn)) 
(*insert if required, in the case of Indices, additional columns "Type of Index" and "Index Sponsor(s)", in the case of Commodity Indices, additional columns "Commodity Index Sponsor(s)", in the case of a Reference Rate, additional column 
"Page(s)" and in any case, as required where there are two or more Reference Assets 
and in addition, insert if required, in the case where "Lock-in Event Redemption" is applicable, additional columns "Lock-in Level" and "Lock-in Valuation Date")

--- Page 711 ---
Form of Final Terms 
698 
SHARE LINKED PROVISIONS 
38. 
Share Linked Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[in 
respect of 
[each/the] 
Share]/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Share or basket of Shares: 
[In respect of Payout Condition [1/2/3] - 
][Single Share / Basket of Shares] 
(Repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
Share(s): 
[[] (specify name of Share)/As set forth in 
the Reference Asset Table above in the 
column entitled "Reference Asset(s)"/[and] 
Share of Exchange Traded Fund(s)] 
[Bloomberg Code: []; ISIN(s): []] 
(iii) 
Exchange Traded Fund(s): 
[[ ] (specify name of Exchange Traded 
Fund)/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table above in the column entitled 
"Reference Asset(s)"/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
[[ ]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table above in the column entitled 
"Exchange(s)"] 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[ ]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table above in the column entitled "Related 
Exchange(s)"/All Exchanges] 
(vi) 
Initial Share Price: 
[Share 
Price/Share 
Strike 
Price/Not 
Applicable] [As set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"] 
(vii) 
Initial Reference Asset Closing Value: 
[Applicable, [Initial Closing Share Price/ 
Lowest Initial Closing Share Price/ Lowest 
Initial Closing Share Price (Specified 
Observation Dates)/ Initial Average Share 
Price] / Not Applicable] 
(If specified as Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
[Initial Closing Share Price: 
[Applicable [, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"]/Not Applicable]] 
[Lowest Initial Closing Share Price: 
[Applicable [, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"]/Not Applicable] 
(If specified as Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph)

--- Page 712 ---
Form of Final Terms 
699 
- 
Initial Observation Period Start 
Date: 
[] - [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Initial Observation Period End 
Date: 
Initial Valuation Date - [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
Applicable, as specified in the Share Linked 
Provisions in respect of [each/the] Share 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[In respect of the Initial Observation Period, 
[]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Lowest Initial Closing Share Price 
(Specified Observation Dates): 
[Applicable [, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"]/Not Applicable] 
(If specified as Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date(s): 
[]] 
[Initial Average Share Price: 
[Applicable [, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"]/Not Applicable]] 
(viii) 
Initial Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(ix) 
Coupon 
[Valuation/Observation] 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/ [] / Each date set forth in 
the Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon [Valuation/Observation] 
Date(s)"] 
(x) 
Periodic Valuation Date(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/[
]/ 
[Each] 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] 
(xi) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / []] 
(xii) 
Averaging Dates: 
[Not Applicable /  
In respect of the [Initial Valuation Date] 
/[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] /[Valuation 
Date] scheduled to fall on []/[] (insert 
relevant Initial Valuation Date, Coupon 
Valuation 
Date, 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date 
or 
Valuation 
Date 
corresponding to the relevant set of 
Averaging Dates)]: 
[[], [] and []]
[Each Observation Date (Closing Valuation) 
falling in the Averaging Observation Period 
in respect of [such] [Initial Valuation Date] 
/[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] /[Valuation 
Date]/ []:  
- 
[Averaging Observation Period: 
Applicable in respect of [such] 
[Initial Valuation Date] /[Coupon

--- Page 713 ---
Form of Final Terms 
700 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [] 
- 
Averaging Observation Period Start 
Date: [ ] in respect of [such] 
[Initial Valuation Date] /[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [] 
- 
Averaging Observation Period End 
Date: [ ] in respect of [such] 
[Initial Valuation Date] /[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [] 
- 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
Applicable, 
as 
specified in the Share Linked 
Provisions in respect of [each/the] 
Share 
- 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): [In respect of 
the Averaging Observation Period, 
[]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
(repeat as necessary)] 
(xiii) 
Final Averaging Date: 
[Not Applicable  
/ In respect of the [Initial Valuation Date] 
/[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] /[Valuation 
Date] scheduled to fall on []/[] (insert 
relevant Initial Valuation Date, Coupon 
Valuation 
Date, 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date 
or 
Valuation 
Date 
corresponding to the relevant set of 
Averaging Dates)]: 
The Averaging Date scheduled to fall on [] 
(repeat as necessary) 
/ As specified in Share Linked Provision 10 
(Definitions)] 
(xiv) 
Valuation Time: 
[As specified in Share Linked Provision 10 
(Definitions)/[] (specify time)] 
(xv) 
Single Share and Reference Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Share Linked 
Provision 1.1 [in respect of [the]/[each] 
[Initial Valuation Date]/[Coupon Valuation 
Date(s)]/[Periodic 
Valuation 
Date(s)]/[Valuation 
Date]/[Specified 
Observation Date(s)]]] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 714 ---
Form of Final Terms 
701 
(xvi) 
Single Share and Averaging Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Share Linked 
Provision 1.2 / Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Share Basket and Reference Dates:  
[Applicable: as specified in Share Linked 
Provision 1.3 [in respect of [the]/[each] 
[Initial Valuation Date]/[Coupon Valuation 
Date(s)]/[Periodic 
Valuation 
Date(s)]/[Valuation 
Date]/[Specified 
Observation Date(s)]]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(xviii) Share Basket and Averaging Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Share Linked 
Provision 1.4 / Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Share Linked Provision 10 (Definitions)/ 
Zero / None / [] (specify number of days)] 
(xx) 
Fallback Valuation Date: 
[Applicable: [] (specify date(s)) / Default 
Fallback Valuation Date as specified in 
Share Linked Provision 10 (Definitions)/ 
Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxiii) Change in Law - Increased Cost: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxiv) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxv) 
Partial 
Lookthrough 
Depositary 
Receipts Provisions: 
[Applicable to [insert name of Share(s)]/Not 
Applicable] 
(xxvi) 
Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipts 
Provisions: 
[Applicable to [insert name of Share(s)]/Not 
Applicable] 
(xxvii) Market Disruption Event – NAV 
Temporary Publication Suspension 
(ETF): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxviii) Extraordinary 
Events 
– 
NAV 
Publication Suspension (ETF): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 715 ---
Form of Final Terms 
702 
(xxix) 
Extraordinary Events – Underlying 
Index Cancellation (ETF): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxx) 
Extraordinary Events – Underlying 
Index Modification (ETF): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxxi) 
ETF 
– 
Successor 
Index 
Event 
Provision: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxxii) Extraordinary Events – Delisting: 
[As specified in Share Linked Provision 10 
(Definitions)] / [Re-listing Exchange(s): []] 
INDEX LINKED PROVISIONS 
39. 
Index Linked Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[in 
respect of 
[each/the] 
Index]/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Index or basket of Indices: 
[In respect of Payout Condition [1/2/3] - 
][Single Index / Basket of Indices] 
(Repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
Index/Indices: 
[[] (specify name of Index) / As set forth in 
the Reference Asset Table above in the 
column entitled "Reference Asset(s)"] 
(iii) 
Type of Index: 
[Unitary Index / Multi-Exchange Index / As 
set forth in the Reference Asset Table above 
in the column entitled "Type of Index"] 
(This may not include an index composed or 
provided by the Issuers, by any legal entity 
belonging to their group or by a legal entity 
or a natural person acting in association 
with or on behalf of the Issuers) 
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
[[ ]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table above in the column entitled 
"Exchange(s)" [in respect of each Unitary 
Index] (specify for each Unitary Index) / As 
specified in Index Linked Provision 8 
(Definitions) [in respect of each Multi-
Exchange Index] (specify for each Multi-
Exchange Index)] 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[ ]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table above in the column entitled "Related 
Exchange(s)"/All Exchanges] 
(vi) 
Index Sponsor(s): 
[[] / As specified in Index Linked Provision 
8 (Definitions)/ As set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Index Sponsor(s)"] 
(vii) 
Initial Index Level: 
[Index Level / Index Strike Level / Not 
Applicable] [as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"]

--- Page 716 ---
Form of Final Terms 
703 
(viii) 
Initial Reference Asset Closing Value: 
[Applicable, 
[Initial 
Closing 
Index 
Level/Lowest Initial Closing Index Level/ 
Lowest 
Initial 
Closing 
Index 
Level 
(Specified 
Observation 
Dates)/ 
Initial 
Average Index Level] / Not Applicable] 
(If specified as Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
[Initial Closing Index Level: 
[Applicable [, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"][,being the Closing Index 
Level (as specified in Index Linked 
Provision 8 (Definitions)) on the Initial 
Valuation Date]/Not Applicable]] 
[Lowest Initial Closing Index Level: 
[Applicable [, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"]/Not Applicable] 
(If specified as Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
- 
Initial Observation Period Start 
Date: 
[] - [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Initial Observation Period End 
Date: 
Initial Valuation Date - [Included/Excluded] 
- 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
Applicable, as specified in the Index Linked 
Provisions in respect of [each/the] Index 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[In respect of the Initial Observation Period, 
[]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Lowest Initial Closing Index Level 
(Specified Observation Dates): 
[Applicable [, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"]/Not Applicable] 
(If specified as Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation Date(s): 
[]] 
[Initial Average Index Level: 
[Applicable [, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"]/Not Applicable]] 
(ix) 
Initial Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / []] 
(x) 
Coupon 
[Valuation/Observation] 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / [] / Each date set forth in 
the Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon [Valuation/Observation] 
Date(s)"] 
(xi) 
Periodic Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / [ ] / [Each] Early 
Redemption Valuation Date]

--- Page 717 ---
Form of Final Terms 
704 
(xii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / []] 
(xiii) 
Averaging Dates: 
[Not Applicable /  
In respect of the [Initial Valuation Date] 
/[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] /[Valuation 
Date] scheduled to fall on []/[] (insert 
relevant Initial Valuation Date, Coupon 
Valuation 
Date, 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date 
or 
Valuation 
Date 
corresponding to the relevant set of 
Averaging Dates)]: 
[[], [] and []] 
[Each Observation Date (Closing Valuation) 
falling in the Averaging Observation Period 
in respect of [such] [Initial Valuation Date] 
/[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] /[Valuation 
Date]/ []:  
- 
[Averaging Observation Period: 
Applicable in respect of [such] 
[Initial Valuation Date] /[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [] 
- 
Averaging Observation Period Start 
Date: [ ] in respect of [such] 
[Initial Valuation Date] /[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [] 
- 
Averaging Observation Period End 
Date: [ ] in respect of [such] 
[Initial Valuation Date] /[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [] 
- 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
Applicable, 
as 
specified in the Index Linked 
Provisions in respect of [each/the] 
Index 
- 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): [In respect of 
the Averaging Observation Period, 
[]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
(repeat as necessary)] 
(xiv) 
Final Averaging Date: 
[Not Applicable  
/ In respect of the [Initial Valuation Date] 
/[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] /[Valuation

--- Page 718 ---
Form of Final Terms 
705 
Date] scheduled to fall on []/[] (insert 
relevant Initial Valuation Date, Coupon 
Valuation 
Date, 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date 
or 
Valuation 
Date 
corresponding to the relevant set of 
Averaging Dates)]: 
The Averaging Date scheduled to fall on [] 
(repeat as necessary) 
/ As specified in Index Linked Provision 8 
(Definitions)] 
(xv) 
Valuation Time: 
[As specified in Index Linked Provision 8 
(Definitions)/ [] (specify time)] 
(xvi) 
Single Index and Reference Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Index Linked 
Provision 1.1 [in respect of [the]/[each] 
[Initial Valuation Date]/[Coupon Valuation 
Date(s)]/[Periodic 
Valuation 
Date(s)]/[Valuation 
Date]/[Specified 
Observation Date(s)]]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Single Index and Averaging Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Index Linked 
Provision 1.2 / Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(xviii) Index Basket and Reference Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Index Linked 
Provision 1.3 [in respect of [the]/[each] 
[Initial Valuation Date]/[Coupon Valuation 
Date(s)]/[Periodic 
Valuation 
Date(s)]/[Valuation 
Date]/[Specified 
Observation Date(s)]]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Index Basket and Averaging Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Index Linked 
Provision 1.4 / Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(xx) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Index Linked Provision 8 (Definitions)/ 
Zero / None / [] (specify number of days)]

--- Page 719 ---
Form of Final Terms 
706 
(xxi) 
Fallback Valuation Date: 
[Applicable: [] (specify date(s)) / Default 
Fallback Valuation Date as specified in 
Index Linked Provision 8 (Definitions)/ Not 
Applicable] 
(xxii) 
Change in Law - Increased Cost: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Notwithstanding the above, if "Belgian 
Securities Annex" is specified to be applicable, 
delete the above in its entirety and replace with 
the following:) 
[Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(xxiii) Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Should be 
"Not Applicable" if "Belgian Securities 
Annex" is specified to be applicable) 
COMMODITY LINKED PROVISIONS 
40. 
Commodity Linked Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[in 
respect of 
[each/the] 
Commodity [Index]]/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Commodity/ies 
or 
Commodity 
Index/ices: 
[Commodity/ies / Commodity Index/ices]
(ii) 
Securities are linked to one or more 
Commodities: 
[Yes / No] (If No, delete the sub-paragraphs 
below) 
(a) 
Name of Commodity(ies): 
[[] (specify name of Commodity)/As set 
forth in the Reference Asset Table above in 
the column entitled "Reference Asset(s)"] 
(b) 
Futures Contract: 
[[] / [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price(s): 
In respect of [a Pricing Date/[ ] (other 
relevant date)], the [Specified Price per Unit 
of the Commodity on the relevant Exchange 
[for delivery on the Delivery Date,] stated in 
the Specified Price Currency (being [ ] 
(specify currency), as made public by the 
Exchange on that [Pricing Date/[] (other 
relevant date)] / Specified Price per Unit of 
the Commodity [for the Delivery Date,] 
stated in the Specified Price Currency (being 
[ ] (specify currency), published or 
displayed on the Price Source that publishes 
or displays prices effective on that [Pricing 
Date/[] (other relevant date)]] 
(d) 
Exchange(s): 
[] 
(e) 
Specified Price(s): 
[high price / low price / average of high price 
and low price / closing price / opening price 
/ bid price / asked price / average of bid price 
and asked price / settlement price / official 
settlement price / official price / morning

--- Page 720 ---
Form of Final Terms 
707 
fixing / afternoon fixing / spot price / official 
closing price] 
(f) 
Unit(s): 
[Not Applicable / [ ] (Specify unit of 
measure of the relevant Commodity)] 
(g) 
Delivery Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / []] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Futures Contract – Expiry Date 
Roll: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Futures Contract – Delivery 
Date Roll: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Price Source(s): 
[] 
(i) 
Screen Page: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Commodity 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Bullion Business 
Day Convention: 
[Following / Modified Following / Nearest / 
Preceding / No Adjustment] 
(repeat (a)-(j) as necessary where there two or 
more Commodities) 
(iii) 
Commodity Price: 
[Commodity Low Price/Commodity High 
Price/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Initial Commodity Price: 
[Commodity 
Price/Commodity 
Strike 
Price/Not Applicable] [as set forth in the 
Reference Asset Table above in the column 
entitled "Initial Value"] 
(v) 
Initial Commodity Reference Price: 
[Applicable[, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"]/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Initial Pricing Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[][, subject to adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Commodity 
Business Day Convention/Bullion Business 
Day Convention/Trading Day Convention]] 
(vii) 
Coupon 
[Valuation/Observation] 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]/ Each date set forth in 
the Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon Valuation/ Observation 
Date(s)"] [, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the [Commodity Business 
Day Convention/Bullion Business Day 
Convention/Trading Day Convention]] 
(viii) 
Periodic Pricing Date(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/[

]/[Each] 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Date][, subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Commodity 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Bullion 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Trading Day Convention]] 
(ix) 
Final Pricing Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[][, subject to adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Commodity

--- Page 721 ---
Form of Final Terms 
708 
Business Day Convention/Bullion Business 
Day Convention/Trading Day Convention]] 
(x) 
Market 
Disruption 
Events 
for 
Securities linked to one or more 
Commodities: 
(a) 
Disappearance of Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Material Change in Content: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Material Change in Formula: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Price Source Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Price Materiality Percentage: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable - []] 
(f) 
Trading Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Tax Disruption: 
[Applicable: Initial Pricing Date / Issue Date 
/ Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Disruption Fallbacks for Securities 
linked to one or more Commodities: 
(a) 
Fallback Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – to be applied 
[first / second / third / fourth / fifth / sixth: 
alternate Commodity Reference Price(s) - [
]] 
(b) 
Delayed 
Publication 
or 
Announcement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – to be applied 
[first / second / third / fourth / fifth / sixth]] 
(c) 
Postponement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – to be applied 
[first / second / third / fourth / fifth / sixth]: 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption 
- 
[[Five/specify 
other 
number] 
[Commodity/Bullion] Business Days as 
specified in Commodity Linked Provision 
14 (Definitions)]  
(d) 
Fallback Reference Dealers: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – to be applied 
[first / second / third / fourth / fifth / sixth: 
[Bullion] Reference Dealers - []] 
(e) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – to be applied 
[first / second / third / fourth / fifth / sixth]] 
(xii) 
Common Pricing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Fallback Pricing Date: 
[Applicable: specify date(s) / Default 
Fallback Pricing Date as specified in 
Commodity Linked Provision 6 / Not 
Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Commodity Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable: Trade Date/Issue Date/ Not 
Applicable] 
[The Trade Date is []] 
(a) 
Early redemption following 
Commodity 
Hedging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 722 ---
Form of Final Terms 
709 
Disruption 
– 
Redemption 
Period: 
(b) 
Commodity 
Hedging 
Disruption – Hedging Entity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Change in Law - Increased Cost: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Securities are linked to one or more 
Commodity Indices: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Name of Commodity Index / 
Indices: 
[[ ]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table above] 
(b) 
Commodity Index Sponsor(s): 
[[] / As specified in Commodity Linked 
Provision 14 (Definitions)] 
(c) 
Commodity 
Index 
Sponsor 
Business Centre(s): 
[[ ]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table above] 
(d) 
Trading Day Convention: 
[Following / Modified Following / Nearest / 
Preceding / No Adjustment] 
(e) 
Initial 
Commodity 
Index 
Level: 
[Commodity Index Level / Commodity 
Index Strike Level] [as set forth in the 
Reference Asset Table above in the column 
entitled "Initial Value"] 
(f) 
Initial 
Closing 
Commodity 
Index Level: 
[Applicable [, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"]/Not Applicable] 
FX LINKED PROVISIONS 
41. 
FX Linked Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
FX Rate: 
[Base Currency/Reference Currency Rate / 
Fixing 
Rate 
/ 
Inverse 
Base 
Currency/Reference Currency Rate /The FX 
Rate set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
above in the column entitled "Type of FX 
Rate"] [For the purposes of the definition of 
FX Rate, the relevant exchange rate shall be 
the mid exchange rate] 
(ii) 
Share Currency: 
[]/The currency set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Share Currency"/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Reference Currency: 
[Share Currency/The currency set forth in 
the Reference Asset Table above in the 
column entitled "Reference Currency"[]]

--- Page 723 ---
Form of Final Terms 
710 
(iv) 
Base Currency: 
[[ ]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table above in the column entitled "Base 
Currency"/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
FX Price Source: 
[[]/The price source set forth in the FX Rate 
Table in the column entitled "FX Price 
Source"/The price source set forth in the 
Reference Asset Table above in the column 
entitled "FX Price Source"] 
(vi) 
FX Rate Sponsor: 
[Not Applicable / [] / The entity set forth in 
the FX Rate Table in the column entitled 
"FX Rate Sponsor"/ The entity set forth in 
the Reference Asset Table above in the 
column entitled "FX Rate Sponsor"]36
(vii) 
Number of FX Settlement Days: 
[Not Applicable / [] (specify number) FX 
Business Days]37
(viii) 
FX Financial Centres: 
[[ ]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table above in the column entitled "FX 
Financial Centres"] 
- 
Default FX Business Day: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(ix) 
FX Business Day Convention: 
[Following / Modified Following / Nearest / 
Preceding / No Adjustment] 
(x) 
Initial FX Rate: 
[FX Rate Initial Valuation/as set forth in the 
Reference Asset Table above in the column 
entitled "Initial Value"/ [ ] / Not 
Applicable] 
(xi) 
FX Valuation Date: 
[As specified in FX Linked Provision 9 
(Definitions) in respect of a Share FX Rate / 
Adjusted Asset Valuation Date / [ ] FX 
Business Days following the Adjusted Asset 
Valuation Date / [] / Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
FX Initial Valuation Date: 
[Adjusted Asset Initial Valuation Date / [] 
FX Business Days following the Adjusted 
Asset Initial Valuation Date / [ ] / Not 
Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Periodic Valuation Date: 
[[ ] / Not Applicable / [Each] Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] 
(xiv) 
Averaging Dates: 
[Not Applicable /  
In respect of the [Coupon Valuation Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date] scheduled to fall on []/[
] (insert relevant Coupon Valuation Date, 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
Valuation Date corresponding to the 
relevant set of Averaging Dates)]: 
36
Usually applicable in respect of emerging market currencies. 
37
Usually applicable in respect of emerging market currencies.

--- Page 724 ---
Form of Final Terms 
711 
[[], [] and []] 
[Each Observation Date (Closing Valuation) 
falling in the Averaging Observation Period 
in respect of [such] [Coupon Valuation 
Date] /[Early Redemption Valuation Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ []:  
- 
[Averaging Observation Period: 
Applicable in respect of [such] 
[Coupon Valuation Date] /[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [] 
- 
Averaging Observation Period Start 
Date: [ ] in respect of [such] 
[Coupon Valuation Date] /[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [] 
- 
Averaging Observation Period End 
Date: [ ] in respect of [such] 
[Coupon Valuation Date] /[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [] 
- 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
Applicable, 
as 
specified 
in 
the 
FX 
Linked 
Provisions in respect of [each/the] 
FX Rate 
- 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): [In respect of 
the Averaging Observation Period, 
[]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
(repeat as necessary)] 
(xv) 
FX Valuation Time: 
[Not Applicable / [ ] (specify time and 
place) / [The time and place set forth in the 
FX Rate Table in the column entitled "FX 
Valuation Time"] 
(xvi) 
FX Disruption Events: 
[Price 
Source 
Disruption 
and/or 
Inconvertibility Event as specified in FX 
Linked Provision 9 (Definitions)] 
(xvii) 
Disruption Fallbacks: 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – to be applied 
[first /second / third / fourth] 
(b) 
Currency-Reference Dealers: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – to be applied 
[first / second / third / fourth: Reference 
Dealers – as specified in FX Linked 
Provision 9 (Definitions)] 
(c) 
Fallback Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – to be applied 
[first / second/ third / fourth]

--- Page 725 ---
Form of Final Terms 
712 
(xviii) Single FX Rate and Reference Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in FX Linked 
Provision 1.1 [in respect of [the]/[each] [FX 
Initial Valuation Date]/[Coupon Valuation 
Date]/[Periodic 
Valuation 
Date]/[FX 
Valuation Date]]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
FX Rate Basket and Reference Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in FX Linked 
Provision 1.2 [in respect of [the]/[each] [FX 
Initial Valuation Date]/[Coupon Valuation 
Date]/[Periodic 
Valuation 
Date]/[FX 
Valuation Date]]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(xx) 
Averaging Dates - Omission: 
[Applicable: as specified in FX Linked 
Provision [1.3] [1.4] / Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Fallback Valuation Date: 
[Applicable: [] (specify date(s)) / Default 
Fallback Valuation Date as specified in FX 
Linked Provision 9 (Definitions)/ Not 
Applicable] 
(xxii) 
Qualifying 
Actual 
Transaction 
Observation Start Time: 
[[] / Not Applicable] 
(xxiii) Qualifying 
Actual 
Transaction 
Observation End Time:  
[[] / Not Applicable] 
(xxiv) 
Observation Period Cut-off Time: 
[[] / Not Applicable] 
(xxv) 
Successor Currency: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxvi) 
Rebasing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxvii) Change in Law - Increased Cost: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxviii) Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Insert, if appropriate: FX Rate Table] 
Share Issuer 
Share Currency 
FX Price Source 
FX Rate Sponsor 
FX Valuation Time 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
CREDIT LINKED PROVISIONS 
42. 
Credit Linked Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[in 
respect of 
[each/the] 
Reference Obligation]/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
[CLN Type: [Single Name CLN] 
[Loss at Maturity: [Applicable] / [Not 
Applicable]] /  
Credit Index (Untranched) /  
Credit Index (Tranched)]

--- Page 726 ---
Form of Final Terms 
713 
(i) 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[] (specify date) 
(ii) 
Specified Number of Business Days: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Trade Date: 
[] (specify date) 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention for purposes 
of "Maturity Date" definition: 
[Not Applicable / Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
(v) 
Specified Final Redemption Amount: 
[] 
(vi) 
Reference Entity/Reference Entities: 
[] 
[Subject as provided in the definition of 
"Reference Entity" in the Credit Linked 
Provisions, each of the relevant reference 
entities contained in the Credit Index and 
listed in the Index Annex. 
Credit Index: [] 
Annex Date: [] 
Index Sponsor: [] 
Index Publisher: [] 
Type of Index: [NA Credit Index] / [Euro 
Credit Index]] 
[Minimum Exercise Amount: []] 
(vii) 
Transaction Type: 
[Standard North American Corporate / 
Standard European Corporate / Standard 
European Financial Corporate / Standard 
Western European Sovereign / Standard 
European Senior Non Preferred Financial 
Corporate / Standard European CoCo 
Financial Corporate / []] / [In respect of 
each Reference Entity, as set out opposite 
the relevant Reference Entity in the Index 
Annex] 
[Specified Currency: []] 
(viii) 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] / [in respect of 
each Reference Entity] 
(ix) 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
[[]/Not Applicable] / [in respect of each 
Reference Entity] 
(x) 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level / Subordinated Level / As 
specified in the Credit Linked Provisions / 
[Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
the Credit Linked Provisions: Senior Non-
Preferred Level]] 
(xi) 
Non-Standard Credit Events: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable; the applicable 
Credit 
Events 
are: 
[Bankruptcy] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] [Failure to Pay]

--- Page 727 ---
Form of Final Terms 
714 
[Grace 
Period 
Extension: 
Applicable] 
[Restructuring] [Mod R applicable] [Mod 
Mod 
R 
applicable] 
[Governmental 
Intervention] [ ] (specify other) [For the 
avoidance of doubt, Restructuring shall not 
apply] 
(xii) 
Credit Observation Start Date: 
[Credit Event Backstop Date / Trade Date / [
] (specify date)] 
(xiii) 
Credit Observation End Date 
[Scheduled Maturity Date / [ ] (specify 
date)] 
(xiv) 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Not Applicable]/[As specified in the Credit 
Linked Provisions]/ [ ]/[insert Excluded 
Obligation 
Categories 
or 
Obligation 
Characteristics] 
(xv) 
Additional Public Source of Publicly 
Available Information: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement / Cash Settlement / Zero 
Recovery] (if Zero Recovery applies, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Excluded 
Valuation 
Obligation: 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Provisions]/ []/[insert Excluded Valuation 
Obligation 
Categories 
or 
Valuation 
Obligation Characteristics] 
(b) 
Valuation Time: 
[] (specify time and place)/[As specified in 
the Credit Linked Provisions] 
(c) 
Dealer: 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Provisions / []] 
(d) 
Maximum Quotation Amount: 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Provisions / []] 
(e) 
Minimum Quotation Amount: 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Provisions / []] 
(xvii) 
Exclude Accrued Interest: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(xviii) Interest 
accrual 
up 
to 
Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Credit Index Tranched CLN: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Lower Boundary: 
[] 
(b) 
Upper Boundary: 
[] 
(xx) 
NTCE Supplement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
FUND LINKED PROVISIONS 
43. 
Fund Linked Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[in 
respect of 
[each/the] 
Fund]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 728 ---
Form of Final Terms 
715 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Single Fund or basket of Funds: 
[In respect of Payout Condition [1/2/3] - 
][Single Fund/Basket of Funds] 
(Repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
Original Fund(s): 
[[] (Specify name of Original Fund(s))/As 
set forth in the Reference Asset Table above 
in the column entitled "Reference Asset(s)"] 
(iii) 
Fund Shares (or units of a Fund): 
[Name/Class of Fund Share (Bloomberg 
Code(s): []] 
(iv) 
Management Company: 
[] 
(v) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
(vi) 
Initial Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(vii) 
Coupon 
[Valuation/Observation] 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]/Each date set forth in 
the Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon [Valuation/Observation] 
Date(s)"] 
(viii) 
Periodic Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[ ] / [Each] Early 
Redemption Valuation Date 
(ix) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(x) 
Averaging Dates: 
[Not Applicable /  
In respect of the [Coupon Valuation Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date] scheduled to fall on []/[
] (insert relevant Coupon Valuation Date, 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
Valuation Date corresponding to the 
relevant set of Averaging Dates)]: 
[[], [] and []] 
[Each Observation Date (Closing Valuation) 
falling in the Averaging Observation Period 
in respect of [such] [Coupon Valuation 
Date] /[Early Redemption Valuation Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ []:  
- 
[Averaging Observation Period: 
Applicable in respect of [such] 
[Coupon Valuation Date] /[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [] 
- 
Averaging Observation Period Start 
Date: [ ] in respect of [such] 
[Coupon Valuation Date] /[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ []

--- Page 729 ---
Form of Final Terms 
716 
- 
Averaging Observation Period End 
Date: [ ] in respect of [such] 
[Coupon Valuation Date] /[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [] 
- 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
Applicable, 
as 
specified in the Fund Linked 
Provisions in respect of [each/the] 
Fund 
- 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): [In respect of 
the Averaging Observation Period, 
[]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
(repeat as necessary)] 
(xi) 
Final Averaging Date:  
[Not Applicable/ 
In respect of the [Coupon Valuation Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date] scheduled to fall on []/[
] (insert relevant Coupon Valuation Date, 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
Valuation Date corresponding to the 
relevant set of Averaging Dates)]: 
[] 
(repeat as necessary)] 
(xii) 
Single Fund and Reference Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Fund Linked 
Provision 1.1 [in respect of [the]/[each] 
[Initial Valuation Date]/[Coupon Valuation 
Date]/[Periodic Valuation Date]/[Valuation 
Date]]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Single Fund and Averaging Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Fund Linked 
Provision 1.2/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Fund Basket and Reference Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Fund Linked 
Provision 1.3 [in respect of [the]/[each] 
[Initial Valuation Date]/[Coupon Valuation 
Date]/[Periodic Valuation Date]/[Valuation 
Date]]] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 730 ---
Form of Final Terms 
717 
(xv) 
Fund Basket and Averaging Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Fund Linked 
Provision 1.4/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Fund Linked Provision 10 (Definitions)/ 
Zero / None / [] (specify number of days)] 
(xvii) 
Fallback Valuation Date: 
[Applicable: [ ] (specify date(s))/Default 
Fallback Valuation Date as specified in Fund 
Linked 
Provision 10 
(Definitions)/Not 
Applicable] 
(xviii) Pre-selected Replacement Fund: 
[] 
(xix) 
Cash Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Name of Cash Index: 
[] 
(xx) 
Change in Law – Increased Cost: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxii) 
Fund Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxiii) AUM Threshold: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(xxiv) 
AUM Threshold Percentage: 
[Applicable: As specified in Fund Linked 
Provision 10 (Definitions)/[]] 
(xxv) 
Volatility Threshold: 
[As specified in Fund Linked Provision 10 
(Definitions)/[]] 
(xxvi) 
Change in Manager – Hedging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxvii) Hedging Entity: 
[As specified in Fund Linked Provision 10 
(Definitions)/[]] 
(xxviii) Initial Closing Fund Price: 
[Applicable[, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"][, being the Closing Fund 
Price on the Initial Valuation Date]/Not 
Applicable] 
RATE LINKED PROVISIONS 
44. 
Rate Linked Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Original Rate: 
[] 
(ii) 
Variable Linked Interest Period: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 731 ---
Form of Final Terms 
718 
[Variable 
Linked 
Interest 
Commencement Date: 
[[] (Specify date) / Issue Date]] 
[Variable Linked Interest End Date: 
[Maturity Date/Settlement Date/Redemption 
Date/Optional Redemption Date/[]]] 
(iii) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s) [in respect 
of the Rate Linked Provisions]]/[Each of][
] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [] to, and including, []] / [- 
Adjusted / Unadjusted] (repeat as necessary 
and specify all applicable Coupon Payment 
Dates and/or Early Redemption Dates)  
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s) in respect of 
the Rate Linked Provisions: 
[Each] [Coupon Payment Date(s)/[]/Each 
date set forth in the Coupon Payment Table 
in the column entitled "Coupon Payment 
Date(s)"] 
[- 
Coupon Valuation Date(s) in 
respect 
of 
Rate 
Linked 
Provisions: 
[Not Applicable / [] / Each date set forth in 
the Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon Valuation Date(s)"]/[Insert 
only for Rate Linked Securities where 
"Reference Rate Financial Centre(s)" is 
applicable: [] [and the] [The] day falling 
the Relevant Number of Reference Rate 
Business Days immediately preceding [] 
[and] 
[the]/[each] 
[relevant] 
[Early 
Redemption Date]/[Coupon Payment Date] 
[and]/[or] [the Maturity Date]]] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
[subject to adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
(ISDA 2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(b)) (but 
not the ISDA 2006 Definitions) provide an 
option to make the above applicable where 
either the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention or Preceding Business Day 
Convention applies to Interest Period End 
Dates. Therefore, only specify as applicable 
if (i) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention or Preceding Business Day 
Convention applies to Interest Period End 
Dates and (ii) the preference is to make the 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
subject 
to 
adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday) 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 732 ---
Form of Final Terms 
719 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Original Rate 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
ISDA 
Determination] 
(viii) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
for 
Original Rate (Rate Linked Provision 
1(b)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Page: 
[] 
- 
Reference Rate Relevant Time: 
[] 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination for Original Rate 
(Rate Linked Provision 1(a)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions/2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are 
applicable, ensure this is a Floating Rate 
Option included in the Floating Rate Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Variable Linked Interest Commencement 
Date]/[] 
- 
Termination Date: 
[Maturity Date/Settlement Date/Redemption 
Date/Optional Redemption Date/[]] 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not 
relevant where the relevant Floating Rate 
Option is a risk-free rate) 
- 
Reset Date: 
[[]/As specified in Rate Linked Provision 
1(a)] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the [Floating Rate/Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert 
same Business Day Convention as for 
Interest Period End Dates unless "No 
Adjustment" applies to such dates, in which 
case delete the reference to Business Day 
Convention so that relevant ISDA fallbacks 
relating to Business Day Conventions will 
apply)  
[- 
Fixing Day: 
[Each] [Reset Date]/[]] 
[- 
Fixing Time: 
[]] 
- 
[Period End Date/Termination 
Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(ISDA 2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(b)) (but 
not the ISDA 2006 Definitions) provide an 
option to make this applicable where either 
the Modified Following Business Day

--- Page 733 ---
Form of Final Terms 
720 
Convention or Preceding Business Day 
Convention applies to Interest Period End 
Dates. Therefore, only specify as applicable 
if (i) the 2021 Definitions are applicable, (ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention or Preceding Business Day 
Convention applies to Interest Period End 
Dates and (iii) the preference is to make the 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
subject 
to 
adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday. Note 
that 
the 
ISDA 
2021 
Definitions 
(s. 
2.3.6(i)(a)) provides that, where Modified 
Following Business Day Convention or 
Preceding Business Day Convention applies 
to Interest Period End Date, adjustment of 
the relevant Payment Date as a result of an 
Unscheduled Holiday is applicable by 
default (unless specified otherwise)) 
- 
Compounding/ Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" or "Overnight Rate 
Averaging 
Method" 
is 
applicable. 
Otherwise, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation 
Period 
Shift/Compounding 
with 
Lockout/Not Applicable]] 
[Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not 
Applicable]] 
[Lookback: 
[[ ] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Lookback or Averaging with Lookback)] 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[ ] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days] /[As specified in the [2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] (Specify Not Applicable unless 
the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: []/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift)] 
[Lockout: 
[[ ] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021]

--- Page 734 ---
Form of Final Terms 
721 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable 
only for Compounding with Lockout or 
Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [ ]/ 
[Applicable 
Business 
Days]] 
(Specify 
Applicable Business Days unless the 
standard 
position 
under 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed)] 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable 
only 
for 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method. If Not Applicable, delete 
the Daily Capped Rate and Daily Floored 
Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%]] 
[[Day Count Basis: 
[ ]] (If not included this will be the 
denominator of the Day Count Fraction)] 
- 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating 
Rate Option and an Index Method. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (may only be 
selected if the 2021 Definitions are 
specified)/Compounded 
Index 
Method/Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift]/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] Definitions] 
(Include the following only if using 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] (Not Applicable should be 
specified unless the standard position under 
the ISDA Definitions is to be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: []] 
[Day Count Basis: 
[ ]] (If not included this will be the 
denominator of the Day Count Fraction) 
(x) 
Relevant Number: 
[Applicable: []][Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Reference Rate Financial Centre(s): 
[Applicable: []][Not Applicable]

--- Page 735 ---
Form of Final Terms 
722 
(xii) 
[Generic Permanent Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(xiii) 
[Change in Law (Hedge): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(xiv) 
[Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
45. 
New Safekeeping Structure (in respect of 
Registered Notes) or New Global Note (in 
respect of Bearer Notes): 
[Applicable: 
[New 
Safekeeping 
Structure/New 
Global 
Note]/Not 
Applicable]38
46. 
Form of Securities 
[Bearer Securities / Registered Securities / 
Finnish Securities / Norwegian Securities / 
Swedish Securities / Danish Notes / Swiss 
Securities / French Bearer Securities (au 
porteur) / French Registered Securities (au 
nominatif) / Italian Certificates / German 
Securities] (Delete as appropriate) 
(If Swiss Securities in uncertificated form) 
[Swiss Securities in uncertificated form as 
uncertificated 
securities 
(einfache 
Wertrechte) pursuant to article 973c of the 
Swiss 
Code 
of 
Obligations 
(Obligationenrecht) 
exchangeable 
for 
Registered Securities in definitive form at 
the option of the Swiss Programme Agent in 
accordance with the General Conditions] 
(If Swiss Securities represented by a Global 
Security) 
[Swiss 
Global 
Security 
exchangeable for Registered Securities in 
definitive form at the option of the Swiss 
Programme Agent in accordance with the 
General Conditions] 
(i) 
Temporary 
or 
Permanent 
Bearer 
Global Security / Registered Global 
Security: 
(If bearer, and not French Bearer Securities) 
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Security 
exchangeable for a] Permanent Bearer 
Global Security[, [each of] which is 
exchangeable for Registered Definitive 
Securities (i) automatically in the limited 
circumstances specified in the relevant 
[Permanent] Bearer Global Security or (ii)[, 
in the case of a Permanent Bearer Global 
Security only,] at any time at the option of 
the Issuer by giving notice to the Holders and 
the Relevant Programme Agent of its 
intention to effect such exchange on the 
terms as set forth in the relevant Permanent 
Bearer Global Security]] 
(if registered, and not French Registered 
Securities/ Swedish / Finnish / Norwegian / 
Danish Notes / CREST CDI Securities) 
[Temporary Registered Global Security 
which is exchangeable for a] Permanent 
38
If the Notes are intended to be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem, Registered Notes shall be held under the New Safekeeping Structure or Bearer Notes shall be issued in New Global Note form.

--- Page 736 ---
Form of Final Terms 
723 
Registered Global Security[, each of] which 
is exchangeable for Registered Definitive 
Securities (i) automatically in the limited 
circumstances specified in the relevant 
[Permanent] Registered Global Security or 
(ii) [in the case of a Permanent Registered 
Global Security only,] at any time at the 
option of the Issuer by giving notice to the 
Holders and the Registrar of its intention to 
effect such exchange on the terms as set forth 
in the relevant Permanent Registered Global 
Security]] 
[Not Applicable] (Include for Swedish / 
Finnish / Norwegian / French / Swiss 
Securities / Danish Notes) 
(if CREST CDI Securities) [Permanent 
Registered 
Global 
Security. 
However, 
Investors 
will 
hold 
interests 
in 
dematerialised CREST Depository Interests 
issued by CREST Depository Limited (or 
successor)] 
(ii) 
Are the Notes to be issued in the form 
of obligations under French law?   
[Yes / No / Not Applicable]39
(iii) 
Name of French Registration Agent 
(only if French Securities are in 
registered form (au nominatif) and if 
the Notes are not inscribed with the 
Issuer) 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Representation of Holders of Notes40 / 
Masse: 
[Full Masse / Contractual Masse / No Masse 
/ Not Applicable] 
(If General Condition 23.3 applies or if the 
full provisions of French Code de commerce 
apply, insert details of Representative and 
alternative 
Representative 
and 
remuneration, if any) 
[As long as the French Notes are held by a 
single Holder such Holder will exercise 
directly the powers delegated to the 
Representative and General Meetings of 
Holders under the General Conditions. A 
Representative shall be appointed when 
39
Please select "Yes" only if the Notes are French Notes, the Series comprises at least five Notes, the holders of the relevant Notes are 
grouped in a Masse in accordance with General Condition 23.3 (Meetings of Holders of French Notes (Masse)) and all Notes confer the 
same rights against the Issuer at any time. 
40
The provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse of Holders of Notes are applicable in full to French domestic 
issues of Notes. However, pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the Masse provisions contained in 
the French Code de commerce are NOT applicable to issues of French Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 or 
issues of French Notes for which the minimum purchase amount per investor and per transaction is at least EUR 100,000; accordingly 
such issues may have no Masse provisions at all or the Masse provisions contained in the French Code de commerce may be varied along 
the lines of the provisions of General Condition 23.3 (Meetings of Holders of French Notes (Masse)). Pursuant to Article L.228-90 of 
the French Code de commerce, the Masse provisions contained in the French Code de commerce are NOT applicable to international 
issues (emprunt émis à l'étranger); accordingly, international issues may have no Masse provisions at all or the Masse provisions 
contained in the French Code de commerce may be varied along the lines of the provisions of General Condition 23.3 (Meetings of 
Holders of French Notes (Masse)).

--- Page 737 ---
Form of Final Terms 
724 
more than one Holder holds the French 
Notes of a Series]  
Identification information of Holders 
in relation to French Securities 
(General Condition 1.1):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Appointment 
of 
Holders' 
Joint 
Representative: 
[Applicable (specify name and address of 
Joint Representative) / Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Are the Securities New York Law 
Notes? 
[Yes / No / Not Applicable]41
47. 
Record Date: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
General 
Condition 
[6.2/9.3(d)/11.3(j)]/The Record Date is close 
of business on the [ ] [Business 
Day/day/clearing system business day] 
before the relevant due date for payment/Not 
Applicable] (Only applicable to Registered 
Securities) 
48. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) (General 
Condition 12.2) or other special provisions 
relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/[ ] (specify Additional 
Financial Centre(s))] 
- 
Default Business Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
49. 
Payment 
Disruption 
Event 
(General 
Condition 13): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Should be 
"Not Applicable" if (i) the "Belgian 
Securities Annex" is specified to be 
applicable or (ii) the "CNH Provisions" are 
specified to be applicable) 
- 
Relevant Currency(ies): 
[] 
50. 
Termination Event Notice Period (General 
Condition 16): 
[[ ] days' notice/As specified in General 
Condition 16] 
51. 
Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event 
(General Condition 17): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Should be 
"Not Applicable" if the "Belgian Securities 
Annex" is specified to be applicable)  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Extraordinary Hedge Bail-in Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Extraordinary 
Hedge 
Currency 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
52. 
Tax Termination Event Notice Period 
(General Condition 18.3):
[[ ] days' notice/As specified in General 
Condition 18.3] 
53. 
Early Redemption for Tax on Underlying 
Hedge Transactions (General Condition 
18.4): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Should be 
"Not Applicable" if the "Belgian Securities 
Annex" is specified to be applicable)
41
Please select "Yes" only if the Securities are New York Law Notes.

--- Page 738 ---
Form of Final Terms 
725 
54. 
Physical Settlement (General Condition 14): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If the Issuer is JPMCFC, then physical 
settlement is not permitted) 
(i) 
Deliverable Reference Asset(s): 
The [Final Worst Performance Share/Worst 
Share/ Share] 
(ii) 
Share FX Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Put Strike Multiplier: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[- 
Put Strike: 
[]] 
(iv) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[] 
(v) 
Number of Reference Asset(s): 
[[]/The amount set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table in the column entitled "Number 
of Reference Assets"/As specified in the 
General Conditions] 
(vi) 
Rounded 
Number 
of 
Reference 
Asset(s): 
[[]/The amount set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table in the column entitled "Rounded 
Number of Reference Assets"/As specified 
in the General Conditions] 
(vii) 
Residual Amount: 
[As specified in the Payout Conditions/[
]/The amount set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table in the column entitled "Residual 
Amount"] 
(viii) 
Physical Settlement Price (Initial) 
(PSP (Initial)): 
[[Initial Closing Share Price/Initial Share 
Price] of the Deliverable Reference Asset / [
] (specify amount)] 
(ix) 
Physical Settlement Price (Final): 
[Final Closing Share Price of the Deliverable 
Reference Asset / [] (specify amount)] 
(x) 
Physical Settlement Cut-off Date: 
[] 
(xi) 
Relevant Clearing System: 
[Monte Titoli S.p.A., acting on behalf of] 
[Euroclear/[and] Clearstream, Luxembourg / 
Clearstream Frankfurt/ SIX SIS/Euroclear 
France/Euroclear 
Sweden/VP/VPS/Euroclear Finland/ [ ] 
(specify other and give name(s), address(es) 
and number(s))] 
(xii) 
Delivery Agent: 
[As specified in General Condition 31.1/[] 
(specify Delivery Agent if other than as set 
out in General Condition 31.1]
(xiii) 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price: 
[[] (specify amount)/Fair Market Value of 
Security] 
(xiv) 
Reference Asset Transfer Notice:42
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
42
Reference Asset Transfer Notice is not required for Swiss Offers.

--- Page 739 ---
Form of Final Terms 
726 
(xv) 
Non-U.S. Certification: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Equity Certification:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
55. 
Calculation Agent: 
[J.P. Morgan Securities plc / J.P. Morgan 
Securities LLC / J.P. Morgan SE] 
56. 
Redenomination, 
Renominalisation 
and 
Reconventioning 
Provisions 
(General 
Condition 21.1): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
57. 
Gross Up (General Condition 18): 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – as specified 
in General Condition 18.1 / Other (specify)] 
(If Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs (i) 
and (ii) and re-number sub-paragraph (iii) 
accordingly) 
[(i) 
Exclude Section 871(m) Taxes from 
Gross Up (General Condition 18):  
[Not Applicable/ Applicable – as specified 
in General Condition 18.1/ Other (specify)]] 
[(ii) 
Exclude U.S. Withholding Taxes other 
than Section 871(m) Taxes from Gross 
Up (General Condition 18): 
[Not Applicable/ Applicable – as specified 
in General Condition 18.1/ Other (specify)]] 
(iii) 
871(m) Securities: 
Section 
871(m) 
and 
the 
regulations 
promulgated thereunder [will] [will not] 
apply to the Securities 
58. 
Rounding (General Condition 22): 
(i) 
Percentages – Default Rounding: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – as specified 
in General Condition 22.1(a)] 
(ii)  
Figures – Default Rounding: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – as specified 
in General Condition 22.1(b)] 
(iii)  
Currency amounts due and payable – 
Default Rounding: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – as specified 
in General Condition 22.1(c)] 
(iv) 
Yen currency amounts due and 
payable – Default Rounding: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – as specified 
in General Condition 22.1(c)] 
(v) 
Specified Fraction: 
[Not Applicable / []] 
(vi)  
Specified Unit: 
[Not Applicable / []] 
(vii) 
Specified Decimal Place: 
[Not Applicable / Coupon Barrier Level: 
rounded to the nearest [] decimal place / 
Coupon Level: rounded to the nearest [] 
decimal place / Barrier Event Strike [, Low 
Barrier and High Barrier]: rounded to the 
nearest [ ] decimal place / Barrier 
Performance Strike: rounded to the nearest [
] decimal place / Early Redemption 
Barrier: rounded to the nearest [] decimal 
place / Redemption Barrier: rounded to the 
nearest [] decimal place / Coupon Lock-in 
Level: rounded to the nearest [] decimal 
place / Lock-in Level: rounded to the nearest 
[] decimal place / Enhanced Coupon Level 
1: rounded to the nearest [] decimal place /

--- Page 740 ---
Form of Final Terms 
727 
Enhanced Coupon Level 2: rounded to the 
nearest [ ] decimal place / Early 
Redemption Strike: rounded to the nearest [
] decimal place] 
DISTRIBUTION 
59. 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[J.P. Morgan Securities plc of 25 Bank 
Street, Canary Wharf London E14 5JP]/[J.P. 
Morgan SE of TaunusTurm, Taunustor 1, 
60310 Frankfurt am Main, Germany]/[J.P. 
Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited of 
25/F Chater House, 8 Connaught Road 
Central, 
Hong 
Kong]/[J.P. 
Morgan 
Securities LLC of 383 Madison Avenue, 5th 
Floor, New York, New York 10179, United 
States of America] 
(Insert in the case of public offers in Italy) 
[For the avoidance of doubt, the Dealer will 
not act as distributor.] 
[(i)  
If syndicated, [names of Managers] 
[names and addresses of Managers 
and underwriting commitments]:]/ 
[(i) 
Entities 
which 
have 
a 
firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in 
secondary trading, providing liquidity 
through bid and offer rates and 
description of the main terms of their 
commitment:] 
[Not Applicable/[] (give names, addresses 
and 
underwriting 
commitments) 
(Not 
applicable with respect to public offers in 
Italy)] 
(Include (a) names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names, addresses and 
commitments of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or 
on a "best efforts" basis if such entities are 
not the same as the Managers and (b) 
process for notification of applicants of the 
amount allotted and indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made. Where not all of the issue is 
underwritten, include statement of the 
portion not covered.) (Name and address of 
the entities which have a firm commitment to 
act as intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of 
their commitment) 
([i/ii]) 
[Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[]] 
60. 
JPMCFC/JPMSP 
ERISA 
(Purchaser 
representations 
and 
requirements 
and 
transfer restrictions): 
[JPMCFC]/[JPMSP] Standard Restrictions 
apply 
/ 
[JPMCFC]/[JPMSP] 
Special 
Restrictions apply / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Special Restrictions apply" only if 
JPMCFC or JPMSP has satisfied itself that

--- Page 741 ---
Form of Final Terms 
728 
the Securities do not constitute equity 
interests for the purposes of ERISA) 
61. 
ECI Holder Restrictions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Should be "Applicable" if Notes or 
Certificates (i) are being issued by 
JPMCFC, JPMSP or JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A., (ii) are being offered and sold 
pursuant to Regulation S exemption and (iii) 
a holder or person acting on its behalf has 
the discretion to change the referenced 
assets or trading algorithm underlying an 
index.] 
62. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
if 
applicable for securities firm or trust bank 
offerings: The Securities may only be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
a retail investor in the European Economic 
Area ("EEA") if a key information 
document in respect of the Securities has 
been prepared and published in accordance 
with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation"). 
Consequently, any offer, sale or transfer of 
the Securities to retail investors in the EEA 
is prohibited unless the Dealer has 
confirmed that a key information document 
in respect of the Securities has been prepared 
and published in accordance with the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU 
(as amended, the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation (as defined above)] 
63. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [[Insert if 
applicable for securities firm or trust bank 
offerings: The Securities may only be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
a retail investor in the United Kingdom if a 
key information document in respect of the 
Securities has been prepared and published 
in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (as 
amended, the "UK PRIIPs Regulation"). 
Consequently, any offer, sale or transfer of 
the Securities to retail investors in the UK is 
prohibited unless the Dealer has confirmed

--- Page 742 ---
Form of Final Terms 
729 
that a key information document in respect 
of the Securities has been prepared and 
published in accordance with the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the 
"EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, 
the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive 
(EU) 
2016/97, 
where 
that 
customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the 
EUWA 
(as 
amended, 
the 
"UK 
Prospectus Regulation")] 
64. 
Belgian Securities Annex: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
65. 
Swiss Non-Exempt Public Offer: 
[Yes (the Base Prospectus has been 
registered 
in 
Switzerland 
with 
the 
Prospectus 
Office 
of 
SIX 
Exchange 
Regulation as Reviewing Body (Prüfstelle) 
under the Financial Services Act ("FinSA") 
as a foreign prospectus, which is deemed 
approved in Switzerland pursuant to article 
54 para. 2 FinSA, and included in the list of 
approved prospectuses and deposited with 
such Reviewing Body and published in 
Switzerland). If an obligation to prepare a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus pursuant 
to article 56 para 1 FinSA is triggered during 
the Swiss Offer Period in Switzerland, 
subscriptions may be withdrawn by Swiss 
investors within two days of publication of 
the supplement /No]43
66. 
Additional Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable] 
[The Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any investor that is tax 
resident in a country that does not have a tax 
treaty in place with the United States 
pursuant to which amounts payable under 
the securities shall be exempt from U.S. 
43 Insert "Yes" in the case of Swiss Securities offered in Switzerland to any type of investors and documented on the basis of the Form of Final Terms 
and where the Final Terms are being deposited with the Prospectus Office of SIX Exchange Regulation as Swiss reviewing body. Insert "No" in the 
case of Swiss Securities offered under an exemption from the Swiss prospectus requirement (e.g., private placement, professional clients, issue size 
below CHF 8 mio.) and without listing on the SIX Swiss Exchange.

--- Page 743 ---
Form of Final Terms 
730 
withholding tax under the "other income" 
article or similar provision.] (Include only 
for contingent coupon structures issued by 
JPMCFC, JPMCC or JPMCB) 
[67. 
CNH Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ________________________ 
Duly authorised 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By: ________________________ 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 744 ---
Form of Final Terms 
731 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
[Application [will be/has been/is expected to be] made for the Securities to be 
[listed] [on the Official List] [and] admitted to trading on [the Regulated 
Market of [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/other (specify)]] [and] [the 
multilateral trading facility EuroTLX (organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A)/other (specify)] [and] [SeDeX (MTF), the multilateral trading 
facility organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] [and] [the Open 
Market (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt 
Zertifikate AG)] [and] [the regulated unofficial market (Freiverkehr) of the 
Stuttgart Stock Exchange (EUWAX)] [with effect from, at the 
earliest,]/[before] the Issue Date. [No assurances can be given that such 
application for [listing and/or] admission to trading will be granted (or, if 
granted, will be granted by the Issue Date)].]  
[The Issuer has no duty to maintain the [listing and/or] admission to trading (if 
any) of the Securities on the relevant [stock exchange(s)][multilateral trading 
facility(ies)] over their entire lifetime. Securities may be suspended from 
trading [and/or de-listed] at any time in accordance with applicable rules and 
regulations of the relevant [stock exchange(s)][multilateral trading 
facility(ies)].] 
[The Securities will not be listed or admitted to trading on any exchange.] 
(No Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
will be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area unless they have a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or 
its equivalent in another currency). Warrants and Certificates issued by 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. will not be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area) 
[Estimated expenses 
related to admission 
to trading: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] (If Annex 15 applies, include estimate of the total 
expenses related to the admission to trading)] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Not Applicable 
The Securities to be issued have been rated: 
[S&P: []] 
[Moody's: []] 
[Fitch: []] 
[[Other]: []]/ [The Securities will not be rated] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider)] 
[(Insert credit rating agency if other than S&P, Moody's or Fitch) is 
established in the European Union and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority.] / [(Insert credit rating agency) is established in the European Union 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009.] / [(Insert credit rating 
agency) is not established in the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009.] / [(Insert credit rating 
agency) is not established in the European Union but (insert endorsing credit 
rating agency), which is registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, has

--- Page 745 ---
Form of Final Terms 
732 
indicated that it intends to endorse the ratings of (insert credit rating agency) 
where possible.] 
[3. INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
[]44
[3.] [4.] REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
[(i) 
Reasons 
for 
the offer: 
[Not Applicable] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" - For Securities issued by any Issuer, if reasons for 
offer different from making profit and/or hedging certain risks, to include 
those reasons here. In addition, for Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & 
Co., if the use of proceeds differs from "Use of Proceeds", include information 
on the principal intended uses and the order of priority in which such uses are 
ranked) 
(Complete the following for Sustainable Securities) 
[Use of Proceeds
The Securities are [Green]/[Social]/[Sustainability] Securities issued pursuant 
to the terms of JPMorgan Chase's Sustainable Bond Framework (available at 
[https://www.jpmorganchase.com/content/dam/jpmc/jpmorgan-chase-and-
co/documents/jpmc-sustainable-bond-framework.pdf 
(or 
any 
successor 
website)]/[specify website]). [The Issuer intends to lend the net proceeds from 
the sale of the Securities to JPMorgan Chase & Co. and/or its consolidated 
affiliates (collectively, "JPMorgan Chase"), and JPMorgan Chase intends to 
allocate an amount equal to the proceeds of such loan to fund [Eligible Green 
Projects] [and/or] [Eligible Social Projects] ([collectively,] the "Eligible 
Projects") on a portfolio basis, as described below.]45 / [JPMorgan Chase & 
Co. and/or its consolidated affiliates (collectively, "JPMorgan Chase") 
intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issuance of the 
Securities to fund [Eligible Green Projects] [and/or] [Eligible Social Projects] 
([collectively,] the "Eligible Projects") on a portfolio basis, as described 
below.] 46  Eligible Projects include projects for which JPMorgan Chase 
disburses funds up to 24 months prior to the issuance of the Securities. This 
may include either the financing or refinancing of projects that meet the 
following eligibility criteria or lending to clients that require financing for 
projects if the activity meets the following eligibility criteria: 
[Eligible Green Projects

Green 
buildings, 
including 
the 
development, 
construction, 
installation, operation, acquisition, maintenance, upgrades and 
associated costs relating to: 
– 
new or existing commercial or residential buildings that meet 
certain regional, national or internationally-recognised 
standards or certifications (ie., LEED Gold or greater, Energy 
44
Only include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved 
and the nature of the interest if any such interest or conflict interest that is material to the issuer/offer is different from that set out in the 
section of the Base Prospectus entitled "Conflicts of Interest". 
45
Include for Sustainable Securities issued by JPMCFC. 
46
Include for Sustainable Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co., JPMSP or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

--- Page 746 ---
Form of Final Terms 
733 
Star 85 or greater, or Enterprise Green Communities for 
multifamily buildings); 

Renewable and clean energy, including the development, 
transmission, construction, installation, operation, acquisition, 
maintenance, upgrades and associated costs relating to the following: 
– 
wind energy; 
– 
solar energy; 
– 
geothermal energy facilities with direct emissions of less than 
100 grams of carbon dioxide per kilowatt-hour; and 
– 
hydrogen produced with renewable energy; 

Sustainable transportation, including: 
– 
vehicles with zero tailpipe emissions (e.g., electric vehicles); 
and 
– 
clean mass transportation (i.e., less than 50 grams of carbon 
dioxide per passenger-kilometer).] 
[Eligible Social Projects

Small Business, including: 
– 
small businesses in low- and moderate-income ("LMI") 
and/or majority Black, Hispanic and Latino census tracts, 
each as defined by the U.S. Bureau of the Census in the most 
recent decennial census; 

Affordable Housing, including: 
– 
multi-family 
rentals 
subject 
to 
certain 
government 
restrictions (i.e., Low-Income Housing Tax Credit or Section 
8 Housing Assistance Program contracts); and/or 
– 
projects where a majority of the project's units are affordable 
to, reserved for or restricted to individuals who earn under 
80% of the Area Median Income ("AMI") or under 120% of 
the AMI for properties located in a high-cost area, as defined 
by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development; 

Home Ownership, including: 
– 
home purchase and refinance loans to LMI customers and/or 
Black, Hispanic and Latino borrowers or co-borrowers based 
on data collected under the Home Mortgage Data Act 
(HMDA) across all household income levels; 

Education, including: 
– 
projects that promote access to education in LMI 
geographies, such as education-related non-profit or public 
sector organisations that provide services regardless of ability 
to pay; or  

Healthcare, including:

--- Page 747 ---
Form of Final Terms 
734 
– 
projects that promote access to healthcare in LMI 
geographies, such as healthcare-related non-profit or public 
sector organizations that provide services regardless of ability 
to pay.] 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from the issuance of the Securities will 
be allocated to fund the Eligible Projects included in the Sustainable Asset 
Portfolio (i.e., on a portfolio basis) or, pending allocation, invested temporarily 
in cash, cash equivalents and/or other high quality liquid assets. 
On an annual basis, JPMorgan Chase intends to prepare and make publicly 
available a report that will describe its allocation of the net proceeds of all 
outstanding Sustainable Securities, including any new issuances since its last 
report, to fund Eligible Projects within the Sustainable Asset Portfolio. 
[JPMorgan Chase intends for the issuance of the Securities to be aligned with 
the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) [Green Bond Principles 
(as updated in June 2021)]/[Social Bond Principles (as updated in June 
2021)]/[Sustainability Bond Guidelines (as updated in June 2021)] as at the 
issue date of the Securities.] 
[[Sustainalytics]/[specify provider] has provided a second party opinion in 
which it has stated its opinion that the Sustainable Bond Framework aligns 
with the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) [Green Bond 
Principles (as updated in June 2021)]/[and]/[Social Bond Principles (as 
updated in June 2021)]/[and]/[Sustainability Bond Guidelines (as updated in 
June 
2021)] 
(available 
at 
[https://www.sustainalytics.com/corporate-
solutions/sustainable-finance-and-lending/published-
projects/project/jpmorgan-chase-co/jpmorgan-chase-co.-sustainable-bond-
framework-second-party-opinion-(2022)/jpmorgan-chase-co.-sustainable-
bond-framework-second-party-opinion-(2022)
(or 
any 
successor 
website)]/[specify website]). Any such opinion is solely in relation to the 
proposed use of proceeds under the terms of the Sustainable Bond Framework 
and does not apply in respect of the terms of the Securities. Any such opinion 
is only current as of the date it was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold the Securities. The second party opinion does not form part of, is 
not incorporated in (whether in whole or in part), and shall not be deemed to 
be part of or incorporated in (whether in whole or in part), these Final Terms 
or the Base Prospectus.] 
(Include further or other particulars for Green Securities, Social Securities or 
Sustainability Securities (as applicable) if different from the above)]] 
[(ii) 
Estimated net 
proceeds: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split out and 
present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses 
state amount and sources of other funding.)] 
(iii) 
Estimated 
total 
expenses: 
[Not Applicable/[] (Include breakdown of expenses)] (If Annex 15 applies, 
this should be "Not Applicable")
[[4.][5.] [FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD
Indication of yield: 
The yield is [] [for Fixed Rate Period [1] (repeat as necessary for each Fixed 
Rate Period)].]

--- Page 748 ---
Form of Final Terms 
735 
[4.][5.][6.] PERFORMANCE OF REFERENCE ASSET(S) AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE REFERENCE ASSET(S) 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the Reference Asset(s) 
can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge.]  
[Where the Reference Asset is an index need to include the name of the index and details of where the 
information about the index can be obtained. Where the underlying is not an index need to include 
equivalent information.]
[5.][6.][7.] POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION 
[The Issuer will not provide any post-issuance information with respect to the Reference Asset[s], unless 
required to do so by applicable law or regulation.]/[Not Applicable] 
[6.][7.][8.] OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes/No] [Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the Securities are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Securities will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria] (include this text if "yes" selected in which case the Notes 
in global registered form must be held under the NSS or the Notes in global 
bearer form must be issued in NGN form) 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, 
should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,](include this text 
for registered notes). Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] (include this text if "no" selected) 
ISIN: 
[] 
[RIC: 
[]]47
[Common Code: 
[]] 
[WKN: 
[]]48
[Swiss 
Securities 
Number 
(Valorennummer): 
[]/Not Applicable]49
Relevant 
Clearing 
System(s) 
[and 
the 
relevant identification 
number(s)]: 
[Euroclear/Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
/ 
Clearstream 
Frankfurt/SIX 
SIS/Euroclear France/Euroclear Sweden/VP/VPS/Euroclear Finland/other 
/give number(s)] 
[For CREST CDI Securities, insert the following language: The Securities will 
be deposited with a common depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and will be accepted for settlement in Euroclear UK & 
47
Only applicable to Swiss Offers. 
48
Only applicable to German Securities. 
49
Only applicable to Swiss Offers.

--- Page 749 ---
Form of Final Terms 
736 
International Limited ("CREST") via the CREST Depository Interest ("CDI") 
mechanism.] 
[For zloty-denominated Securities being cleared through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and bridged via the National Depository for 
Securities (Krajowy Depozyt Papierow Wartosciowych) for Polish investors, 
insert the following language: Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg. Polish 
investors will generally need to participate via an account with the National 
Depository for Securities or have an account with the participant of the 
National Depository for Securities. The National Depository for Securities 
will, in turn, have an account ("bridge") with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.] 
Delivery: 
[Delivery [against/free of] payment]/[]/ 
[Insert if applicable for French Securities: Delivery against payment (in 
respect of delivery of the Securities by the Dealer to the investor) 
Delivery free of payment (in respect of the delivery by the French Programme 
Agent to the Dealer)] 
The Agents appointed 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Securities are: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London 
EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom  
The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V., Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building 
Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 
Luxembourg 
[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Oslofilialen norsk avdeling av utenlandsk foretak NUF 
Investor Services 
Filipstadveien 10 
N-0250 Oslo 
Norway]50
[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Investor Services, AS-12 
Råsta Strandväg 5 
SE-169 79 Solna  
Sweden]51
[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Helsinki Branch 
Investor Services  
Eteläesplanadi 18  
F1-00130 Helsinki  
Finland ]52
[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Copenhagen Branch
50
Only applicable to Norwegian Securities. 
51
Only applicable to Swedish Securities. 
52
Only applicable to Finnish Securities.

--- Page 750 ---
Form of Final Terms 
737 
Investor Services  
Bernstorffsgade 50 
1577 Copenhagen V 
Denmark]53
[BNP Paribas S.A. 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France]54
[UBS AG as Swiss Programme Agent 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zürich  
Switzerland 
UBS Switzerland AG as Paying Agent 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zürich  
Switzerland]55
[BNP Paribas S.A. Germany Branch 
Senckenberganlage 19 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany]56
[Specify if not set out above] 
Registrar: 
[] (Specify) / [Not Applicable] 
[7.][8.][9.] TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Securities may be made by [] (specify 
names and addresses of financial intermediaries/placers making non-exempt 
offers, to the extent known) other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation in [Austria / Belgium / Czech Republic / Denmark / 
Finland / France / Germany / Greece / Hungary / Ireland / Italy / Liechtenstein 
/ Luxembourg / The Netherlands / Portugal / Spain/ the Kingdom of Sweden] 
during the period from [(and including)] [] (specify date) to [(and including)] 
[] (specify date) (the "Offer Period").] 
[give details on the offer] 
[Insert information relating to an offer of Securities in Switzerland in case 
"Swiss Non-Exempt Public Offer" is specified as "Yes"] 
[An offer of the Securities may be made in Switzerland during the period from 
[(and including)] [] (specify date) to [(and including)] [] (specify date)] (the 
"Swiss Offer Period")] 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price/[] (give details)] 
Conditions to which 
the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/[] (give details)] 
53
Only applicable to Danish Securities. 
54
Only applicable to French Securities. 
55
Only applicable to Swiss Securities. 
56
Only applicable to German Securities which are cleared through Clearstream Frankfurt.

--- Page 751 ---
Form of Final Terms 
738 
Description 
of 
the 
application process: 
[Not Applicable/[] (give details)] 
Description 
of 
possibility to reduce 
subscription 
and 
manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by 
applicant: 
[Not Applicable/give details/Investors may reduce their subscription during 
the Offer Period and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations 
subject to any applicable laws and regulations, any excess amounts paid by 
any applicant will be credited back to such applicant's account from which the 
excess amounts were debited] 
Details of the minimum 
and/or 
maximum 
amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/ [] (give details) [Insert in the case of public offers in Italy: 
The maximum number of Securities to be issued is [], provided that the Issuer 
may increase such amount in its reasonable discretion]] 
Details of the method 
and time limits for 
paying 
up 
and 
delivering 
the 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable/[] (give details)] 
Manner and date in 
which results of the 
offer are to be made 
public: 
[The results of the offering will be available [on or around []] on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) [and []] (Include if 
Securities are listed on more than one exchange and if applicable) [on the 
website of the Issuer] [on the website of the Lead Manager] [and from the 
distributors] [on the website: []] on or prior to the Issue Date] 
Process for notification 
to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the 
indication 
whether 
dealing 
may 
begin 
before notification is 
made: 
[Not Applicable/[] (give details)] 
Amount 
of 
any 
expenses 
and 
taxes 
specifically charged to 
the 
subscriber 
or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/[] (give details)] 
Name(s) 
and 
address(es), 
to 
the 
extent known to the 
Issuer, of the placers in 
the various countries 
where the offer takes 
place: 
[None/[] (give details)] 
[Consent: 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus by the financial 
intermediary/ies ("Authorised Offeror(s)"), during the Offer Period and 
subject to the conditions, as provided as follows: 
(a) 
Name, address, legal entity 
identifier, domicile, legal 
form and law and country 
of 
incorporation 
of 
Authorised Offeror(s):  
[Give details] 
(b) 
Offer period for which use 
of the Base Prospectus is 
[Give details]

--- Page 752 ---
Form of Final Terms 
739 
authorised 
by 
the 
Authorised Offeror(s): 
(c) 
Conditions to the use of 
the Base Prospectus by the 
Authorised Offeror(s): 
The Base Prospectus may only be used 
by the relevant Authorised Offeror(s) in 
connection with the making of an offer 
of the Securities to the public requiring 
the prior publication of a prospectus 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation (a 
"Non-exempt 
Offer") 
in 
the 
jurisdiction[s] in which the Non-
exempt Offer is to take place. [Give 
details] 
If you intend to purchase Securities from an Authorised Offeror, you will do 
so, and such offer and sale will be made, in accordance with any terms and 
other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and you, 
including as to price and settlement arrangements. The Issuer will not be a 
party to any such arrangements and, accordingly, the Base Prospectus does not 
contain such information. The terms and conditions of such offer should be 
provided to you by that Authorised Offeror at the time the offer is made. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any responsibility or liability for such 
information.] 
[The Issuer does not consent to the use of the Base Prospectus by any person 
other than the Dealer.] 
[Not Applicable. The Issuer does not consent to the use of the Base 
Prospectus.] 
[Insert the following if "Swiss Non-Exempt Public Offer" is specified as "Yes"] 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus by the financial 
intermediary(ies) with whom the Issuer and/or Dealer has a contractual 
relationship in relation to the offer of the Securities in Switzerland ("Swiss 
Authorised Offeror(s)") during the Swiss Offer Period. 
[8.][9.][10.] EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION
EU Benchmarks 
Regulation: Article 
29(2) statement on 
benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name]] (Repeat as 
necessary) 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] [appears/does not appear] 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation] (Repeat 
as necessary) [As far as the Issuer is aware, [administrator legal name] is not 
required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation.]] 
[Insert for Securities linked to EURIBOR: EURIBOR is provided by the 
European Money Markets Institute. As at the date hereof, the European Money 
Markets Institute appears in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation] 
[Insert for Securities linked to SOFR: SOFR is provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York. As at the date hereof, the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York does not appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks

--- Page 753 ---
Form of Final Terms 
740 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation] 
[Insert for Securities linked to SONIA: SONIA is provided by the Bank of 
England. As at the date hereof, the Bank of England does not appear in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation] 
[Insert for Securities linked to €STR: €STR is provided by the European 
Central Bank. As at the date hereof, the European Central Bank does not 
appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation] 
[Insert for Securities linked to TONA: TONA is provided by the Bank of Japan. 
As at the date hereof, the Bank of Japan does not appear in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation] 
[[9.][10.][11.] INDEX DISCLAIMER[S]
[For Index Linked Securities, insert the relevant index disclaimer(s)] 
[For Commodity Index linked Securities, insert the relevant commodity index disclaimer(s)] 
[For Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index, insert the relevant index disclaimer(s)]]
[[10.][11.][12.] [CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES INFORMATION (For Credit Linked Securities 
only, insert the below)  
Certain information in relation to [the][each] Reference Entity and [Non-]Standard Reference Obligation 
(if any) as at the Issue Date is set out below. 
Name: 
[] 
Address: 
[] 
Country of incorporation: 
[] 
Industry or industries of operation: 
[] (For example financials, energy, insurance, 
manufacturing, construction, transport, media 
determined on the basis of available information 
on the Reference Entity)
Market[(s)] on which securities are admitted to 
trading: 
[] 
[Non-]Standard Reference Obligation Securities 
Code: 
[] 
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain from 
information published by the relevant Reference Entity and repeated for each Reference Entity. Country 
of incorporation, industry and address will be N/A for a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign and 
Securities Code (eg. ISIN/CUSIP) will be N/A if there is no Reference Obligation or it has no securities 
code. Please note that the permissible markets for a Reference Entity's securities to be admitted to trading 
on are regulated markets, equivalent third country markets and SME Growth Markets. In the case of a 
pool of Reference Entities referenced by way of a Credit Index, where a single reference entity or 
reference obligation represents less than 20% of the pool, insert the names of the Reference Entity or 
issuer of the reference obligation and the ISIN.) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and further performance of [[the] [each] Reference 
Entity] [(insert Reference Entity name)] is available [free of charge/at a charge] from [internationally

--- Page 754 ---
Form of Final Terms 
741 
recognised electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg] [and] [any website of such Reference 
Entity]. (Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)]

--- Page 755 ---
Form of Final Terms 
742 
ISSUE-SPECIFIC SUMMARY OF THE SECURITIES 
[Insert]

--- Page 756 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
743 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
The form of Pricing Supplement that will be issued in respect of each Tranche is set out below: 
[Include if applicable: PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPS 
Regulation. Notwithstanding the above, if the Dealer subsequently prepares and publishes a key 
information document under the EU PRIIPs Regulation in respect of the Securities, then the prohibition 
on the offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the EEA as 
described above shall no longer apply.] 
[Include if applicable: PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the UK Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(as amended, the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPS Regulation. Notwithstanding the above, if the Dealer 
subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under the UK PRIIPs Regulation in 
respect of the Securities, then the prohibition on the offering, sale or otherwise making available the 
Securities to a retail investor in the United Kingdom as described above shall no longer apply.] 
[Include for all Securities which may include any ESG considerations: There is currently no universally 
accepted, global framework or definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to 
what constitutes a "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" (Environmental, Social or 
Governance) or an equivalently-labelled product or project, or as to what precise attributes are required 
for a particular investment, product, project or asset to be defined as "green", "sustainable", "climate-
friendly", "social", "ESG" or such other equivalent label; nor can any assurance be given that such a 
globally accepted definition or consensus will develop over time.  
[Include for all Securities which may include any ESG considerations, other than Sustainable Securities: 
The Securities are not intended to and no assurance is or can be given to investors that they satisfy, in 
whole or in part, any present or future "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or 
equivalently-labelled certification, criteria, standard, guideline, taxonomy, label, voluntary guideline 
and/or other independent expectation with which an investor or its investments may be expected to 
comply or otherwise seeks to have. For example and without limitation, the Securities are not Green 
Bonds and/or Social Bonds as defined under the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green 
Bond Principles and/or Social Bond Principles; the Securities are not intended to qualify for the EU 
Green Bond label under the EU Green Bond Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2023/2631); do not take into 
account any of the EU criteria for environmentally sustainable investments, including as set out under 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2020/852) (or any equivalent regime); nor do they

--- Page 757 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
744 
qualify as "sustainable investments" as defined under the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulations 
(Regulation (EU) 2019/2088) (or any equivalent regime).] 
[Include for Sustainable Securities that are not linked to Reference Asset(s): Save as specified in "Use of 
Proceeds" below, the Securities and the Eligible Projects are not intended to and no assurance is or can 
be given to investors that they satisfy, in whole or in part, any present or future "green", "sustainable", 
"climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled certification, criteria, standard, guideline, 
taxonomy, label, voluntary guideline and/or other independent expectation with which an investor or its 
investments may be expected to comply or otherwise seeks to have. For example and without limitation, 
the Securities are not intended to qualify for the EU Green Bond label under the EU Green Bond 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2023/2631); do not take into account any of the EU criteria for 
environmentally sustainable investments, including as set out under the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2020/852) (or any equivalent regime); nor do they qualify as "sustainable investments" 
as defined under the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulations (Regulation (EU) 2019/2088) (or any 
equivalent regime). The value of and market for the Sustainable Securities may be negatively affected if 
any concerns should arise among investors or the market in general about the suitability of the 
Sustainable Securities as "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-
labelled bonds or if, more broadly, investor demand for "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", 
"social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled bonds diminishes due to evolving investor preferences, 
increased regulatory or market scrutiny of investments linked to environmental, social or sustainability 
objectives, or for other reasons.] 
[Include for Sustainable Securities that are linked to Reference Asset(s): Save as specified in "Use of 
Proceeds" below, the Securities or the Eligible Projects are not intended to and no assurance is or can be 
given to investors that they satisfy, in whole or in part, any present or future "green", "sustainable", 
"climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled certification, criteria, standard, guideline, 
taxonomy, label, voluntary guideline and/or other independent expectation with which an investor or its 
investments may be expected to comply or otherwise seeks to have. For example and without limitation, 
the Securities are not intended to qualify for the EU Green Bond label under the EU Green Bond 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2023/2631); do not take into account any of the EU criteria for 
environmentally sustainable investments, including as set out under the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2020/852) (or any equivalent regime); nor do they qualify as "sustainable investments" 
as defined under the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulations (Regulation (EU) 2019/2088) (or any 
equivalent regime). [Include only where the Reference Asset(s) may not include any ESG considerations: 
In particular, while the net proceeds from the issuance of the Securities may be allocated to fund Eligible 
Projects, amounts payable and/or deliverable with respect to the Securities may be linked to the 
performance of one or more Reference Assets which do not align with and/or take into consideration any 
"green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled certification, criteria, 
standard, guideline, taxonomy, label, voluntary guideline and/or other independent expectation.] The 
value of and market for the Sustainable Securities may be negatively affected if any concerns should 
arise among investors or the market in general about the suitability of the Sustainable Securities as 
"green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled bonds or if, more 
broadly, investor demand for "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-
labelled bonds diminishes due to evolving investor preferences, increased regulatory or market scrutiny 
of investments linked to environmental, social or sustainability objectives, or for other reasons.]] 
[U.S. Withholding Tax
The U.S. federal income tax treatment of contingent coupons is uncertain. Due to this uncertainty, it is 
expected that withholding agents will (and we, if we are the withholding agent, intend to) withhold on 
any contingent coupon paid to a Non-U.S. Holder generally at a rate of 30% or at a reduced rate specified 
by an applicable income tax treaty under an "other income" or similar provision. We will not be required 
to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts withheld. Potential investors should be aware that 
the Securities may be held only by investors eligible for the benefits of a tax treaty with the United States 
pursuant to which contingent coupons payable under the Securities are exempt from U.S. withholding 
tax under an "other income" article or similar provision. A Non-U.S. Holder of the Securities must 
comply with certification requirements to establish that it is not a U.S. person and is eligible for such an 
exemption under an applicable tax treaty, including providing a properly completed and executed IRS 
Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E to the applicable U.S. withholding agent. If you are a Non-U.S. 
Holder, you should consult your tax adviser regarding the tax treatment of the Securities, including the

--- Page 758 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
745 
possibility of obtaining a refund of any withholding tax and the certification requirements described 
above.] [Include only for contingent coupon structures issued by JPMCFC, JPMCC or JPMCB] 
[The Securities constitute "loss-absorbing capacity" within the meaning of the final rules (the "TLAC") 
issued by the Federal Reserve on 15 December 2016 regarding, among other things, the minimum levels 
of unsecured external long-term debt and other loss-absorbing capacity that certain U.S. bank holding 
companies, including JPMorgan Chase & Co., are required to maintain. If JPMorgan Chase & Co. were 
to enter into resolution, either in a proceeding under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or into a 
receivership administered by the FDIC under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act, holders of the Securities 
would be at risk of absorbing the losses of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates. Further, it is possible 
that the "single point of entry" recapitalisation of JPMorgan Chase & Co. under Title II could result in 
greater losses to holders of the Securities as the value of the stock of the "bridge entity" that would be 
redistributed to holders of the Securities may not be sufficient to repay all or part of the principal amount 
and interest on such Securities. Investors should pay particular attention to the relevant TLAC risk factor 
under the heading entitled "U.S. insolvency and resolution considerations" in the Base Prospectus (pages 
9 to 10 inclusive). 
The Securities do not include any right to convert or exchange into or subscribe to the Issuer's equity or 
be written down for principal unless such conversion into the Issuer's common stock or write down is 
deemed necessary by the competent authority of the Issuer's home country because the Issuer is no longer 
viable.]1
Pricing Supplement dated [] 
[JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC /J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V./JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A./JPMorgan Chase & Co.] 
/ 
3
[XZYUUT6IYN31D9K77X08]
/
2
[549300NJFDJOFYVV6789]
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):
5
/ [8I5DZWZKVSZI1NUHU748]
4
[7H6GLXDRUGQFU57RNE97]
Structured Securities Programme for the issuance of Notes, Warrants and Certificates 
[Guaranteed by 
JPMorgan Chase & Co.6 / JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.7] 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche (or, if booked in Units, the total number of Units)]8
[Number of Warrants/Certificates (or, insert Aggregate Notional Amount, if booked in Notional)]9
[Title of Securities] due [] (the "Securities") 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the General Conditions[, the Payout Conditions] 
and the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions (as may be amended and/or supplemented up to, 
and including, [insert Issue Date]10) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 17 April 2025 (the "Base 
Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] dated [insert the date(s) for supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] 
1
Include for applicable New York Law Notes issued by JPMCC. 
2
Include if JPMCFC issuance. 
3
Include if JPMSP issuance. 
4
Include if JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. issuance. 
5
Include if JPMorgan Chase & Co. issuance. 
6
Include if JPMCFC issuance. 
7
Include if JPMSP issuance. 
8
Include if issuance of Notes. 
9
Include if issuance of Warrants or Certificates. 
10
In respect of fungible issuances, include Issue Date of the first Tranche.

--- Page 759 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
746 
to the Base Prospectus]. This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Securities described 
herein. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the 
combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus [(as supplemented)]. The Base 
Prospectus and any supplements to the Base Prospectus are available from [The Bank of New York 
Mellon S.A./N.V., Luxembourg Branch,11 at Vertigo Building, Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, 
Luxembourg] [BNP Paribas S.A. Germany Branch, Senckenberganlage 19, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany]12 [and in electronic form on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com)]13. 
The following alternative language applies if either the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a programme with an earlier date or in the case of a new documentation of Securities 
after expiry of the period of validity of the base prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Conditions[, 
the Payout Conditions] and the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions set forth in the base 
prospectus dated [] [and the supplements dated [] to the base prospectus], ([as so supplemented,] the 
"Original Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Securities 
described herein, and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the General 
Conditions[, the Payout Conditions] and the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions which are 
extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and which are incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of 
the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus [(as supplemented)] and the Original 
Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and any supplements to the Base Prospectus are available from 
[The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V., Luxembourg Branch, at Vertigo Building, Polaris, 2-4 rue 
Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, Luxembourg]14 [BNP Paribas S.A. Germany Branch, Senckenberganlage 19, 
60325 Frankfurt am Main, Germany]15 [and in electronic form on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
website (www.luxse.com)]16.] 
This Pricing Supplement does not constitute final terms either for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation") or for the purposes of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, 
the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). The Issuer is not offering the Securities in any jurisdiction in 
circumstances which would require a prospectus pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. Nor is any person authorised to make such an offer of the Securities on behalf of 
the Issuer nor any Dealer in any jurisdiction. In addition, no application has been made (nor is it proposed 
that any application will be made) for listing the Securities on a regulated market for the purposes of 
[MiFID II]/[the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended)] or 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, 
"UK MiFIR"). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
either (i) remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs, or (ii) be revised based on the deletion of all individual paragraphs that are "Not 
Applicable". Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[Rows 1 – 64, and Rows 66 – 67 of "Part A – Contractual Terms" of "Form of Final Terms" to be 
replicated here, save that Rows 66 – 67 shall be renumbered as Rows 65 – 66.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ________________________ 
11
Include if issuance of Registered Securities. 
12
Include if issuance of German Securities. 
13
Include if admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF. 
14
Include if issuance of Registered Securities.  
15
Include if issuance of German Securities. 
16
Include if admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF.

--- Page 760 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
747 
Duly authorised 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By: ________________________ 
Duly authorised] 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND 
ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
[Application [will be/has been] made for the Securities to be 
[listed and admitted to trading on [Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's Euro MTF] [and] [the] [multilateral trading facility 
EuroTLX (organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A)/SeDeX (MTF), the multilateral trading facility organised 
and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A./other (specify)] [Open 
Market (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse 
Frankfurt Zertifikate AG) [and]] [the regulated unofficial market 
(Freiverkehr) of the Stuttgart Stock Exchange (EUWAX)]] with 
effect from, at the earliest, the Issue Date. No assurances can be 
given that such application for [listing and] admission to trading 
will be granted (or, if granted, will be granted by the Issue 
Date).] 
[The Issuer has no duty to maintain the [listing and/or] 
admission to trading] (if any) of the Securities on the relevant 
[stock exchange/multilateral trading facility](s) over their entire 
lifetime. Securities may be suspended from trading [and/or de-
listed] at any time in accordance with applicable rules and 
regulations of the relevant [stock exchange/multilateral trading 
facility](s).] 
[The Securities will not be [listed or] admitted to trading on any 
exchange.] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Not Applicable/ 
The Securities to be issued have been rated: 
[S&P: []] 
[Moody's: []] 
[Fitch: []] 
[[Other]: []]/ [The Securities will not be rated] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider)] 
[(Insert credit rating agency if other than S&P, Moody's or 
Fitch) is established in the European Union and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision has not 
yet been provided by the relevant competent authority.] / [(Insert 
credit rating agency) is established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009.] / [(Insert 
credit rating agency) is not established in the European Union 
and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009.] / [(Insert credit rating agency) is not established in 
the European Union but (insert endorsing credit rating agency),

--- Page 761 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
748 
which is registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, has 
indicated that it intends to endorse the ratings of (insert credit 
rating agency) where possible.] 
[3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
[]17] 
[[3.][4.] REASONS FOR THE OFFER/ISSUE, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES] 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[Not Applicable] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" - For Securities issued by any Issuer, if 
reasons for offer different from making profit and/or hedging 
certain risks, to include those reasons here. In addition, for 
Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co., if the use of 
proceeds differs from "Use of Proceeds", include information on 
the principal intended uses and the order of priority in which 
such uses are ranked)
(Complete the following for Sustainable Securities) 
[Use of Proceeds
The Securities are [Green]/[Social]/[Sustainability] Securities 
issued pursuant to the terms of JPMorgan Chase's Sustainable 
Bond 
Framework 
(available 
at 
[https://www.jpmorganchase.com/content/dam/jpmc/jpmorgan-
chase-and-co/documents/jpmc-sustainable-bond-
framework.pdf (or any successor website)]/[specify website]). 
[The Issuer intends to lend the net proceeds from the sale of the 
Securities to JPMorgan Chase & Co. and/or its consolidated 
affiliates (collectively, "JPMorgan Chase"), and JPMorgan 
Chase intends to allocate an amount equal to the proceeds of 
such loan to fund [Eligible Green Projects] [and/or] [Eligible 
Social Projects] ([collectively,] the "Eligible Projects") on a 
portfolio basis, as described below.]18 / [JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
and/or its consolidated affiliates (collectively, "JPMorgan 
Chase") intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds 
of the issuance of the Securities to fund [Eligible Green Projects] 
[and/or] [Eligible Social Projects] ([collectively,] the "Eligible 
Projects") on a portfolio basis, as described below.]19 Eligible 
Projects include projects for which JPMorgan Chase disburses 
funds up to 24 months prior to the issuance of the Securities. 
This may include either the financing or refinancing of projects 
that meet the following eligibility criteria or lending to clients 
that require financing for projects if the activity meets the 
following eligibility criteria: 
[Eligible Green Projects
17
Only include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue, detailing the persons involved and the 
nature of the interest if any such interest or conflict interest that is material to the issue is different from that set out in the section of the 
Base Prospectus entitled "Conflicts of Interest". 
18
Include for Sustainable Securities issued by JPMCFC. 
19
Include for Sustainable Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co., JPMSP or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

--- Page 762 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
749 

Green 
buildings, 
including 
the 
development, 
construction, 
installation, 
operation, 
acquisition, 
maintenance, upgrades and associated costs relating to: 
– 
new or existing commercial or residential 
buildings that meet certain regional, national or 
internationally-recognised 
standards 
or 
certifications (ie., LEED Gold or greater, 
Energy Star 85 or greater, or Enterprise Green 
Communities for multifamily buildings); 

Renewable 
and 
clean 
energy, 
including 
the 
development, transmission, construction, installation, 
operation, acquisition, maintenance, upgrades and 
associated costs relating to the following: 
– 
wind energy; 
– 
solar energy; 
– 
geothermal energy facilities with direct 
emissions of less than 100 grams of carbon 
dioxide per kilowatt-hour; and 
– 
hydrogen produced with renewable energy; 

Sustainable transportation, including: 
– 
vehicles with zero tailpipe emissions (e.g., 
electric vehicles); and 
– 
clean mass transportation (i.e., less than 50 
grams of carbon dioxide per passenger-
kilometer).] 
[Eligible Social Projects

Small Business, including: 
– 
small businesses in low- and moderate-income 
("LMI") and/or majority Black, Hispanic and 
Latino census tracts, each as defined by the 
U.S. Bureau of the Census in the most recent 
decennial census; 

Affordable Housing, including: 
– 
multi-family 
rentals 
subject 
to 
certain 
government restrictions (i.e., Low-Income 
Housing Tax Credit or Section 8 Housing 
Assistance Program contracts); and/or 
– 
projects where a majority of the project's units 
are affordable to, reserved for or restricted to 
individuals who earn under 80% of the Area 
Median Income ("AMI") or under 120% of the 
AMI for properties located in a high-cost area, 
as defined by the U.S. Department of Housing 
and Urban Development; 

Home Ownership, including:

--- Page 763 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
750 
– 
home purchase and refinance loans to LMI 
customers and/or Black, Hispanic and Latino 
borrowers or co-borrowers based on data 
collected under the Home Mortgage Data Act 
(HMDA) across all household income levels; 

Education, including: 
– 
projects that promote access to education in 
LMI geographies, such as education-related 
non-profit or public sector organisations that 
provide services regardless of ability to pay; or 
• 
Healthcare, including: 
– 
projects that promote access to healthcare in 
LMI geographies, such as healthcare-related 
non-profit or public sector organizations that 
provide services regardless of ability to pay.] 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from the issuance of the 
Securities will be allocated to fund the Eligible Projects included 
in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio (i.e., on a portfolio basis) or, 
pending allocation, invested temporarily in cash, cash 
equivalents and/or other high quality liquid assets. 
On an annual basis, JPMorgan Chase intends to prepare and 
make publicly available a report that will describe its allocation 
of the net proceeds of all outstanding Sustainable Securities, 
including any new issuances since its last report, to fund Eligible 
Projects within the Sustainable Asset Portfolio. 
[JPMorgan Chase intends for the issuance of the Securities to be 
aligned with the International Capital Market Association 
(ICMA) [Green Bond Principles (as updated in June 
2021)]/[Social 
Bond 
Principles 
(as 
updated 
in 
June 
2021)]/[Sustainability Bond Guidelines (as updated in June 
2021)] as at the issue date of the Securities.] 
[[Sustainalytics]/[specify provider] has provided a second party 
opinion in which it has stated its opinion that the Sustainable 
Bond Framework aligns with the International Capital Market 
Association (ICMA) [Green Bond Principles (as updated in June 
2021)]/[and]/[Social Bond Principles (as updated in June 
2021)]/[and]/[Sustainability Bond Guidelines (as updated in 
June 
2021)] 
(available 
at 
[https://www.sustainalytics.com/corporate-
solutions/sustainable-finance-and-lending/published-
projects/project/jpmorgan-chase-co/jpmorgan-chase-co.-
sustainable-bond-framework-second-party-opinion-
(2022)/jpmorgan-chase-co.-sustainable-bond-framework-
second-party-opinion-(2022)
(or 
any 
successor 
website)]/[specify website]). Any such opinion is solely in 
relation to the proposed use of proceeds under the terms of the 
Sustainable Bond Framework and does not apply in respect of 
the terms of the Securities. Any such opinion is only current as 
of the date it was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to be, 
a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold the Securities. The second party 
opinion does not form part of, is not incorporated in (whether in 
whole or in part), and shall not be deemed to be part of or

--- Page 764 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
751 
incorporated in (whether in whole or in part), this Pricing 
Supplement or the Base Prospectus.] 
(Include further or other particulars for Green Securities, Social 
Securities or Sustainability Securities (as applicable) if different 
from the above)]] 
[(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to 
fund all proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.)] 
[(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[Not Applicable/[] (Include breakdown of expenses)]] 
[[4.][5.] [FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
The yield is [].] 
[[4.][5.][6.] 
PERFORMANCE OF REFERENCE ASSET(S) AND OTHER 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE REFERENCE ASSET(S) 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the Reference Asset(s) 
can be obtained.] 
[Where the Reference Asset is an index need to include the name of the index and details of where the 
information about the index can be obtained. Where the underlying is not an index need to include 
equivalent information.]] 
[5.][6.][7.] 
POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION 
[The Issuer will not provide any post-issuance information with respect to the Reference Asset[s], 
unless required to do so by applicable law or regulation.]/[Not Applicable] 
[6.][7.][8.] 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes/No] [Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Securities are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria] (include this text if "yes" selected 
in which case the Notes in global registered form must be held 
under the NSS or the Notes in global bearer form must be issued 
in NGN form) 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of this 
Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,](include this text for registered notes). Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied

--- Page 765 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
752 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] (include this 
text if "no" selected) 
ISIN: 
[] 
[RIC: 
[]]20
[Common Code: 
[]] 
[WKN: 
[]]21
Relevant Clearing System(s) [and 
the relevant identification 
number(s)]: 
[Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg / Clearstream Frankfurt/ 
Euroclear 
France/Euroclear 
Sweden/VP/VPS/Euroclear 
Finland/other /give number(s)] 
[For CREST CDI Securities, insert the following language: The 
Securities will be deposited with a common depository for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be accepted 
for settlement in Euroclear UK & International Limited 
("CREST") via the CREST Depository Interest ("CDI") 
mechanism.] 
[For zloty-denominated Securities being cleared through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and bridged via the 
National Depository for Securities (Krajowy Depozyt Papierow 
Wartosciowych) for Polish investors, insert the following 
language: 
Euroclear/Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Polish 
investors will generally need to participate via an account with 
the National Depository for Securities or have an account with 
the participant of the National Depository for Securities. The 
National Depository for Securities will, in turn, have an account 
("bridge") with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg.] 
Delivery: 
[Delivery [against/free of] payment]/[]/ 
[Insert if applicable for French Securities: Delivery against 
payment (in respect of delivery of the Securities by the Dealer 
to the investor) 
Delivery free of payment (in respect of the delivery by the 
French Programme Agent to the Dealer)] 
The Agents appointed in respect 
of the Securities are: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London 
EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V. Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building 
Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 
Luxembourg 
[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Oslofilialen norsk avdeling av utenlandsk foretak NUF 
Investor Services
20
Only applicable to Swiss Offers. 
21
Only applicable to German Securities.

--- Page 766 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
753 
Filipstadveien 10 
N-0250 Oslo 
Norway]22
[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)  
Investor Services, A-S12 
Råsta Strandväg 5 
SE-169 79 Solna  
Sweden]23
[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Helsinki Branch 
Investor Services  
Eteläesplanadi 18  
FI-00130 Helsinki  
Finland]24
[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Copenhagen Branch 
Investor Services 
Bernstorffsgade 50 
1577 Copenhagen V 
Denmark]25
[BNP Paribas S.A. 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France]26
[BNP Paribas S.A. Germany Branch 
Senckenberganlage 19 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany]27
[Specify if not set out above] 
Registrar: 
[] (Specify) / [Not Applicable] 
[[7.][8.][9.] 
INDEX DISCLAIMER 
[For Index Linked Securities, insert the relevant index disclaimer] 
[For Commodity Index linked Securities, insert the relevant commodity index disclaimer]] 
[[8.][9.][10.] [CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES INFORMATION (For Credit Linked Securities 
only, insert the below)
Certain information in relation to [the][each] Reference Entity and [Non-]Standard Reference 
Obligation (if any) as at the Issue Date is set out below. 
Name: 
[] 
22
Only applicable to Norwegian Securities. 
23
Only applicable to Swedish Securities. 
24
Only applicable to Finnish Securities. 
25
Only applicable to Danish Notes. 
26
Only applicable to French Securities. 
27
Only applicable to German Securities which are cleared through Clearstream Frankfurt.

--- Page 767 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
754 
Address: 
[] 
Country of incorporation: 
[] 
Industry or industries of 
operation: 
[] (For example financials, energy, insurance, manufacturing, 
construction, transport, media determined on the basis of 
available information on the Reference Entity)
Market[(s)] on which securities 
are admitted to trading: 
[] 
[Non-]Standard Reference 
Obligation Securities Code: 
[] 
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain 
from information published by the relevant Reference Entity and repeated for each Reference Entity. 
Country of incorporation, industry and address will be N/A for a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign 
and Securities Code (eg. ISIN/CUSIP) will be N/A if there is no Reference Obligation or it has no 
securities code.) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and further performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [(insert Reference Entity name)] is available [free of charge/at a charge] from 
[internationally recognised electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg] [and] [any website of 
such Reference Entity]. (Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)] 
[9.][10.][11.] 
OTHER APPLICABLE TERMS 
[Insert if applicable]

--- Page 768 ---
Use of Proceeds 
755 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
For Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co., JPMorgan Chase & Co. will contribute the net proceeds 
that it receives from the issue of the Securities to its "intermediate holding company" subsidiary, 
JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC, which will use such net proceeds for general corporate purposes. 
General corporate purposes may include investments in JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s subsidiaries, payments 
of dividends to JPMorgan Chase & Co., extensions of credit to JPMorgan Chase & Co. or its subsidiaries 
or the financing of possible acquisitions or business expansion. Interest on JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s debt 
securities (including interest on Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co.) and dividends on its equity 
securities, as well as redemptions or repurchases of its outstanding securities, will be made using amounts 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. receives as dividends or extensions of credit from JPMorgan Chase Holdings 
LLC or as dividends from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. To the extent that the net proceeds of an issue of 
Securities by JPMorgan Chase & Co. are not applied for general corporate purposes, the relevant Issue 
Terms shall contain further information including the principal intended uses and the order of priority in 
which such uses are ranked. 
For Securities issued by JPMSP and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the net proceeds from each issue of 
Securities will be used by the relevant Issuer for its general corporate purposes (including hedging 
arrangements). To the extent that the net proceeds of an issue of Securities are not applied for the 
purposes of making profit and/or hedging certain risks, the relevant Issue Terms shall contain further 
information including the principal intended uses and the order of priority in which such uses are ranked. 
For Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMCFC intends to lend the net proceeds from the sale of the 
Securities it issues to JPMorgan Chase & Co. and/or its affiliates. JPMorgan Chase & Co. expects that it 
and/or its affiliates will use the proceeds from these loans to provide additional funds for its and/or their 
operations and for other general corporate purposes. The Securities will be offered to meet investor needs 
for products that reflect the risk-return profile and market exposure provided by the Securities as set forth 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Net proceeds may be temporarily invested pending application for their stated purpose. 
Notwithstanding the above, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that the Securities are Green 
Securities, Social Securities or Sustainability Securities, as the case may be, JPMorgan Chase intends to 
allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from the issuance of the Securities to fund Eligible Green 
Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects (as provided in the relevant Issue Terms), in each case as 
described in "Information relating to Sustainable Securities".

--- Page 769 ---
Information relating to Sustainable Securities 
756 
INFORMATION RELATING TO SUSTAINABLE SECURITIES 
The relevant Issue Terms may specify that the Securities are Green Securities ("Green Securities"), 
Social Securities ("Social Securities") or Sustainability Securities ("Sustainability Securities" and, 
together with Green Securities and Social Securities, "Sustainable Securities"), as the case may be. 
JPMorgan Chase has developed a firmwide sustainability strategy, and part of this strategy includes our 
issuance from time to time of Sustainable Securities. Sustainable Securities are issuances by JPMorgan 
Chase of Securities in which case JPMorgan Chase intends to allocate an amount equal to the net 
proceeds from the issuance of such Sustainable Securities to fund: 

in the case of Green Securities, Eligible Green Projects (as described below); 

in the case of Social Securities, Eligible Social Projects (as described below); and 

in the case of Sustainability Securities, a combination of Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible 
Social Projects (collectively, "Eligible Projects") (in such proportion between Eligible Green 
Projects and Eligible Social Projects as is determined at the discretion of JPMorgan Chase), 
in each case on a portfolio basis, as described below. 
For purposes of such allocation, Eligible Projects include projects for which JPMorgan Chase disburses 
funds up to 24 months prior to the issuance of the relevant Securities. Any payment on the Securities will 
not be directly linked to the performance, maturity or termination of any Eligible Projects. 
Sustainable Securities will be issued pursuant to the terms of JPMorgan Chase's Sustainable Bond 
Framework (the "Sustainable Bond Framework"). The below description is based on the Sustainable 
Bond Framework as at the date of this Base Prospectus; however, JPMorgan Chase anticipates that it 
will periodically review the Sustainable Bond Framework in light of evolving market practices and 
applicable guidelines and, therefore, it is subject to change. Potential investors in Sustainable Securities 
should ensure to review the latest version of the Sustainable Bond Framework and the applicable Issue 
Terms for information on the use of proceeds of the relevant Sustainable Securities.  
The 
latest 
version 
of 
the 
Sustainable 
Bond 
Framework 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.jpmorganchase.com/about/governance/esg (or any successor website). The Sustainable 
Bond Framework does not form part of, is not incorporated in (whether in whole or in part), and shall 
not be deemed to be part of or incorporated in (whether in whole or in part), this Base Prospectus. The 
above website reference is provided for ease of reference only: none of the website or any information 
hosted on the website forms part of, is incorporated in (whether in whole or in part), or shall be deemed 
to be part of or incorporated in (whether in whole or in part), this Base Prospectus. 
Before investing in Sustainable Securities, prospective investors should carefully consider the 
information in Risk Factor 5.11 (There are risks associated with Sustainable Securities) above, as 
well as the other information in this Base Prospectus. 
Alignment with the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles, Social 
Bond Principles and/or Sustainability Bond Guidelines 
JPMorgan Chase intends for each issuance of Sustainable Securities as at their issue date to be aligned 
with the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles (as updated in June 
2021), the Social Bond Principles (as updated in June 2021) or the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (as 
updated in June 2021), in each case as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Each of these principles and 
guidelines (collectively, the "Principles") are voluntary guidelines that were developed by an industry 
working group administered by the International Capital Markets Association. The Principles are 
intended to promote integrity in the sustainable securities market through recommendations relating to 
transparency, disclosure and reporting. Representatives of JPMorgan Chase were among the co-authors 
of the original International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles introduced in 
2014, and as of the date of hereof, an employee of JPMorgan Chase serves as a representative of the 
underwriter community on the Executive Committee that oversees the Principles. 
In accordance with the Principles, JPMorgan Chase has adopted internal procedures for:

--- Page 770 ---
Information relating to Sustainable Securities 
757 

providing an undertaking that an amount equal to the net proceeds from each Sustainable 
Securities issuance will be allocated to fund Eligible Projects that meet the eligibility criteria 
described below; 

evaluating and selecting Eligible Projects;  

ensuring that an amount equal to the net proceeds from each Sustainable Securities issuance is 
allocated to fund Eligible Projects on a portfolio basis, as described below; and 

on an annual basis, providing a publicly available report concerning the allocation of an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of all outstanding Sustainable Securities issued from and after October 
2022 to fund Eligible Projects. 
JPMorgan Chase's Undertaking 
JPMorgan Chase undertakes that, subject to any qualifications set forth in the relevant Issue Terms, it 
will allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of each issuance of Sustainable Securities to fund 
Eligible Projects on a portfolio basis. This may include either the financing or refinancing of projects 
that meet the following eligibility criteria or lending to clients that require financing for projects if the 
activity meets the following eligibility criteria: 
Eligible Green Projects 

Green buildings, including the development, construction, installation, operation, acquisition, 
maintenance, upgrades and associated costs relating to: 
– 
new or existing commercial or residential buildings that meet certain regional, national 
or internationally-recognised standards or certifications (ie., LEED Gold or greater, 
Energy Star 85 or greater, or Enterprise Green Communities for multifamily buildings); 

Renewable and clean energy, including the development, transmission, construction, 
installation, operation, acquisition, maintenance, upgrades and associated costs relating to the 
following: 
– 
wind energy; 
– 
solar energy; 
– 
geothermal energy facilities with direct emissions of less than 100 grams of carbon 
dioxide per kilowatt-hour; and 
– 
hydrogen produced with renewable energy; 

Sustainable transportation, including: 
– 
vehicles with zero tailpipe emissions (e.g., electric vehicles); and 
– 
clean mass transportation (i.e., less than 50 grams of carbon dioxide per passenger-
kilometer). 
Eligible Social Projects 

Small Business, including: 
– 
small businesses in low- and moderate-income ("LMI") and/or majority Black, Hispanic 
and Latino census tracts, each as defined by the U.S. Bureau of the Census in the most 
recent decennial census; 

Affordable Housing, including: 
– 
multi-family rentals subject to certain government restrictions (i.e., Low-Income 
Housing Tax Credit or Section 8 Housing Assistance Program contracts); and/or

--- Page 771 ---
Information relating to Sustainable Securities 
758 
– 
projects where a majority of the project's units are affordable to, reserved for or restricted 
to individuals who earn under 80% of the Area Median Income ("AMI") or under 120% 
of the AMI for properties located in a high-cost area, as defined by the U.S. Department 
of Housing and Urban Development; 

Home Ownership, including: 
– 
home purchase and refinance loans to LMI customers and/or Black, Hispanic and Latino 
borrowers or co-borrowers based on data collected under the Home Mortgage Data Act 
(HMDA) across all household income levels; 

Education, including: 
– 
projects that promote access to education in LMI geographies, such as education-related 
non-profit or public sector organisations that provide services regardless of ability to pay; 
or  

Healthcare, including: 
– 
projects that promote access to healthcare in LMI geographies, such as healthcare-related 
non-profit or public sector organizations that provide services regardless of ability to 
pay. 
No assurance can be provided that the net proceeds of the offering of the relevant Sustainable Securities 
will be allocated to fund transactions during the term of the Sustainable Securities with the specific 
characteristics described above. 
Excluded activities 
JPMorgan Chase will not knowingly allocate proceeds from the issuance of Sustainable Securities to the 
following activities: 

activities related to the exploration, production or transportation of fossil fuels (e.g., coal, oil 
and gas); 

consumption of fossil fuels for the purpose of power generation; 

nuclear energy; 

activities involving exploitation of human rights, modern slavery (e.g., forced labour or human 
trafficking) or child labour; or 

any other activity that it determines is ineligible for allocation of proceeds at the time of 
allocation. 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
Groups within JPMorgan Chase that are responsible for JPMorgan Chase's sustainability initiatives, 
including groups within JPMorgan Chase's Corporate Responsibility organisation (collectively, and 
including any successor team(s) or organisation(s), the "Sustainability Group"), will evaluate whether 
specific projects qualify as Eligible Projects under the eligibility criteria described above. The 
Sustainability Group will also select Eligible Projects for inclusion in a single conceptual portfolio of 
assets, which we refer to as the "Sustainable Asset Portfolio". The Sustainable Asset Portfolio and the 
Eligible Projects included in that portfolio, will not be segregated from other assets of JPMorgan Chase 
and its subsidiaries.  
The Sustainability Group may select an Eligible Project for inclusion in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio 
for up to 24 months from the date of the financing, investment or disbursement of funds for that Eligible 
Project. All projects selected by the Sustainability Group for inclusion in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio 
will have been previously and separately subject to review under applicable internal frameworks for 
environmental and social risk management.

--- Page 772 ---
Information relating to Sustainable Securities 
759 
Once an Eligible Project has been selected for inclusion in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio, it will remain 
part of the Sustainable Asset Portfolio unless or until the relevant project is in default, has terminated, 
has been sold, is otherwise no longer outstanding or no longer meets the relevant eligibility criteria. 
Eligible Projects may be pledged as collateral for existing or future purposes unrelated to JPMorgan 
Chase's Sustainable Securities issuance. 
Management of the Proceeds 
Subject to any qualifications set forth in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount equal to the net proceeds 
from each issuance of Sustainable Securities will be allocated to fund the Eligible Projects included in 
the Sustainable Asset Portfolio (i.e., on a portfolio basis) or, pending allocation, invested temporarily in 
cash, cash equivalents and/or other high quality liquid assets. 
The Sustainability Group is responsible for reviewing the Sustainable Asset Portfolio at least annually 
with the aim of ensuring that:  

the projects included in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio remain eligible for inclusion as described 
above; and  

the aggregate nominal amount of all Eligible Projects included in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio 
meets or exceeds the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Sustainable Securities issued 
by JPMorgan Chase from and after October 2022, or in the event of any shortfall, an amount 
equal to the shortfall is temporarily invested in cash, cash equivalents and/or other high quality 
liquid assets pending allocation of such amount.  
In addition, the Sustainability Group is responsible for documenting its selection of Eligible Projects for 
inclusion in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio and the monitoring of the Sustainable Asset Portfolio as 
described above in accordance with an internal framework for attestation, controls and governance. 
Post-Issuance Reporting 
On an annual basis, JPMorgan Chase intends to prepare and make publicly available a report that will 
describe its allocation of the net proceeds of all outstanding Sustainable Securities, including any new 
issuances since its last report, to fund Eligible Projects within the Sustainable Asset Portfolio, at such 
level of detail as JPMorgan Chase deems practicable based on commercial, confidentiality and other 
relevant considerations. JPMorgan Chase intends to publish a report annually until the aggregate net 
proceeds of the relevant Sustainable Securities issuance(s) have been fully allocated to fund Eligible 
Projects, and thereafter, JPMorgan Chase may publish an update of any such report at its sole discretion. 
The 
relevant 
report 
and 
any 
update 
(if 
any) 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.jpmorganchase.com/about/governance/esg (or any successor website). 
JPMorgan Chase expects that each report or update that it publishes concerning the allocation of the 
proceeds of Sustainable Securities issuances will: 

contain an assertion by its management that the aggregate nominal amount of all Eligible 
Projects included in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio meets or exceeds the aggregate principal 
amount of all outstanding Sustainable Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase from and after 
October 2022, or in the event of any shortfall, an amount equal to the shortfall is temporarily 
invested in cash, cash equivalents and/or other high quality liquid assets pending allocation of 
that amount; and 

be accompanied by a related report from an independent accountant or an independent third 
party consultant with experience in environmental, social and governance research and analysis. 
JPMorgan Chase also intends to publish information, where feasible, concerning measures of the 
expected environmental or social impact of the Eligible Projects, as applicable, included in the 
Sustainable Asset Portfolio. JPMorgan Chase intends to publish any such information at 
https://www.jpmorganchase.com/about/governance/esg (or any successor website). 
External Review

--- Page 773 ---
Information relating to Sustainable Securities 
760 
J.P. Morgan may from time to time engage an independent consultant with recognised expertise in ESG 
research and analysis to provide a second party opinion concerning the alignment of the Sustainable 
Bond Framework with the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles, the 
Social Bond Principles and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines. Any such opinion is solely in relation to 
the proposed use of proceeds under the terms of the Sustainable Bond Framework and does not apply in 
respect of any other terms of the Securities. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Sustainable Bond 
Framework has received a second party opinion by an independent consultant as detailed therein. Any 
such opinion is only current as of the date that opinion was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold 
Sustainable Securities. You must determine for yourself the relevance of any such opinion and/or the 
information contained therein for the purpose of any investment in Sustainable Securities. As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions are not subject to any specific oversight or 
regulatory or other regime. The second party opinion does not form part of, is not incorporated in 
(whether in whole or in part), and shall not be deemed to be part of or incorporated in (whether in whole 
or in part), this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 774 ---
Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee and Form of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Guarantee 
761 
LIMITATIONS OF THE JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. GUARANTEE AND FORM OF 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. GUARANTEE     
The Guarantee of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is limited to a guarantee of the payment, delivery and 
other obligations which JPMSP has under the terms and conditions of the Securities, and the Guarantor 
may therefore apply all exclusions, exceptions and defences available to JPMSP under the terms and 
conditions of the Securities and at law. Accordingly, where JPMSP has failed to perform an obligation 
under the Securities but its failure to do so is excused under the terms and conditions of the Securities, 
then the Guarantor will not be obliged under the terms of the Guarantee to satisfy such failed obligation 
of JPMSP. For example, if JPMSP is prohibited, unable, or otherwise fails to make any payment, or any 
portion thereof or to perform any other obligation, because or arising out of an act of war, insurrection 
or civil strife, an action by any government or governmental authority or instrumentality thereof (whether 
de jure or de facto), legal constraint, terrorism, riots, or catastrophe, and the Calculation Agent therefore 
determines that a "Payment Disruption Event" has occurred (under General Condition 13.1 (Occurrence 
of a Payment Disruption Event) above), then the Guarantor will be under no obligation under the terms 
of the Guarantee to satisfy JPMSP's payment obligation for so long as JPMSP has postponed the making 
of such payment or ultimately written the obligation down to zero as a consequence of such "Payment 
Disruption Event". 
The following is the form of guarantee given by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in respect of the Securities 
issued by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. under the Programme. 
THIS GUARANTEE is made by way of deed on 17 April 2025 by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a 
national banking association organised under the federal laws of the United States of America (the 
"Guarantor"), in favour of the Beneficiaries (as defined below). 
WHEREAS: 
J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap 
met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands (the "Obligor"), may 
from time to time issue Notes (up to a programme limit of U.S.$1,000,000,000), Warrants and 
Certificates (each as defined in the Agency Agreement described below) under the Structured Securities 
Programme for the issuance of Notes, Warrants and Certificates (the "Programme" and such Notes, 
Warrants and Certificates, the "Securities" and each a "Security") (each Holder (as defined in the 
Conditions) of Securities issued by the Obligor, a "Beneficiary" and together, the "Beneficiaries"), 
pursuant to (a) an amended and restated agency agreement dated 17 April 2025 among the Obligor, the 
Guarantor, JPMorgan Chase & Co., The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, The Bank of New 
York Mellon S.A./N.V., Luxembourg Branch, J.P. Morgan Securities plc ("JPMS plc"), Skandinaviska 
Enskilda Banken AB (publ), BNP Paribas S.A., UBS AG and UBS Switzerland AG as may be amended 
and/or restated and/or replaced from time to time (the "Agency Agreement"), with the benefit of (b) (to 
the extent such Securities are governed by English law) a deed of covenant dated 17 April 2025 executed 
by the Obligor as may be amended and/or restated and/or replaced from time to time and (c) this 
guarantee (the "Guarantee"), under the terms and conditions set out in the Agency Agreement as 
completed and/or amended by (d) a Final Terms, a Pricing Supplement or a Securities Note (each as 
defined in the Agency Agreement), and such Securities may be subscribed by Dealers in accordance with 
(e) an amended and restated programme agreement dated 17 April 2025 between, amongst others, the 
Obligor and JPMS plc as may be amended and/or restated and/or replaced from time to time (the 
foregoing, together the "Programme Documents"). 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1.
Guarantee 
Subject as provided below, the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees by way of deed 
poll to each Beneficiary that, if for any reason the Obligor does not pay any sum payable by it or perform 
any other obligation in respect of any Security issued by it on or after the date hereof (subject as provided 
in clause 8 (Deposit of Guarantee and Application)) on the date such payment or performance is due in 
accordance with the Conditions applicable to such Security (and for the avoidance of doubt, after any 
applicable delay or extinguishment due to any event or condition set out in the Conditions providing or 
allowing for delay or extinguishment in respect of the payment or performance of such obligation) the 
Guarantor will, subject to and in accordance with the Conditions, pay that sum in the currency in which

--- Page 775 ---
Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee and Form of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Guarantee 
762 
such payment is due in immediately available funds or, as the case may be, perform or procure the 
performance of the relevant obligations on the due date for such performance. In case of the failure of 
the Obligor to satisfy such obligations as and when the same become due under the Conditions, the 
Guarantor hereby undertakes to make or cause to be made such payment or satisfy or cause to be satisfied 
such obligations as though the Guarantor were the principal obligor in respect of such obligations after a 
demand has been made on the Guarantor pursuant to clause 9 (Demand on Guarantor). 
2.
Guarantor as Principal Obligor 
As between the Guarantor and each Beneficiary but without affecting the Obligor's obligations, the 
Guarantor will be liable under this Guarantee as if it were the sole principal obligor and not merely a 
surety, subject as provided below. Accordingly, subject as provided below, the Guarantor will not be 
discharged, nor will its liability be affected, by (a) any change in the amount, time, manner or place of 
payment of, or in any other term of, any such obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any 
consent to departure from any of the terms of the Conditions or any such obligations; (b) any release, 
surrender or amendment or waiver of, or consent to departure from, any other guaranty or support 
document, or any exchange, release or non-perfection of any security, collateral or other credit support, 
for all or any of the Conditions or any such obligations; (c) the status of the Obligor as the debtor or 
subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding; (d) the absence of any action to enforce any of the 
Obligor's obligations or any collateral therefor; (e) the rendering of any judgment against the Obligor or 
any action to enforce the same; and (f) any admission by the Obligor in writing of its inability to pay or 
meet its debts as they may mature or if proceedings are initiated against the Obligor under any applicable 
insolvency or bankruptcy laws or the Obligor convenes a meeting of its creditors or makes or proposes 
to make any arrangements or compositions with or any assignment for the benefit of its creditors, save 
that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Guarantor shall not be liable under this Guarantee where, pursuant 
to the Conditions, the payment or performance by the Obligor in respect of its obligations is not due. In 
addition to and not in limitation of the preceding proviso, any defences or counterclaims of the Obligor 
(other than any resulting solely from, or available to the Guarantor solely on account of, the insolvency 
of the Obligor or the status of the Obligor as the debtor or subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceeding) shall also be available to the Guarantor to the same extent as such defences or counterclaims 
are available to the Obligor and may be asserted as defences or counterclaims by the Guarantor to its 
obligations hereunder with respect to such obligations of the Obligor, in each case whether or not asserted 
by the Obligor. 
3.
Guarantor's Obligations Continuing 
The Guarantor's obligations under this Guarantee are and will remain in full force and effect by way of 
continuing security until no sum remains payable and no other obligation remains to be performed under 
any Security issued by the Obligor on or after the date hereof (in the case where the relevant Security is 
a Warrant (as defined in the Programme Documents), subject to its exercise). Furthermore, those 
obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and not instead of, any security or other guarantee or 
indemnity at any time existing in favour of any person, whether from the Guarantor or otherwise. 
4.
Discharge by Obligor 
If any payment received by, or other obligation discharged to or to the order of, any Beneficiary is, on 
the subsequent bankruptcy or insolvency of the Obligor, avoided under any laws relating to bankruptcy 
or insolvency, such payment or obligation will not be considered as having discharged or diminished the 
liability of the Guarantor and this Guarantee will continue to apply as if such payment or obligation had 
at all times remained owing due by the Obligor. 
5.
Subrogation 
The Guarantor (1) shall have the right, upon receipt of a demand under this Guarantee by a Beneficiary, 
to assume the rights and payment obligations of the Obligor to such Beneficiary, together with any right 
of the Obligor to cure any event of default by or relating to the Obligor, notwithstanding any notice of 
default/termination previously sent by such Beneficiary to the Obligor, and thereby rescind any notice of 
default/termination given by such Beneficiary, and (2) shall be subrogated to all rights of the 
Beneficiaries against the Obligor in respect of any amounts paid by the Guarantor pursuant to the 
provisions of this Guarantee; provided, however, that the Guarantor shall not be entitled to enforce or to 
receive any payments arising out of, or based upon, such right of subrogation until all amounts due and

--- Page 776 ---
Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee and Form of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Guarantee 
763 
payable by the Obligor to the Beneficiaries in respect of the obligations subject to the aforesaid demand 
for payment, up to the time of such subrogation, have been paid in full. 
6.
No Set-off 
By acceptance of this Guarantee, each of the Beneficiaries hereby waives any right it or any of its 
affiliates may have now or in the future (and irrespective of any future agreements among the Guarantor, 
the Obligor, the Beneficiaries or any of their respective affiliates) to set-off, combine, consolidate, or 
otherwise appropriate and apply (i) any assets of the Guarantor or any of its affiliates at any time held by 
any of them or (ii) any indebtedness or other liabilities at any time owing by any of them to the Guarantor 
or any of its affiliates, as the case may be, on account of the obligations or liabilities owed by the 
Guarantor to such party under this Guarantee. 
7.
Incorporation of Terms 
The Guarantor agrees that it shall comply with and be bound by those provisions contained in the 
Programme Documents which relate to it. 
8.
Deposit of Guarantee and Application 
This Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch for 
the benefit of the Beneficiaries.  
(a)
Subject to (b) and (c) below, this Guarantee (i) applies in respect of each Security issued by the 
Obligor under the Programme on or after 17 April 2025 (the "Effective Date") and (ii) amends, 
supplants and replaces in its entirety, for all such Securities referred to in (i), the guarantee 
referenced in the base prospectus for the Programme dated 18 April 2024 (the "18 April 2024 
Guarantee"). For the avoidance of doubt, the 18 April 2024 Guarantee (and each guarantee of 
Securities by the Guarantor under the Programme preceding the 18 April 2024 Guarantee, as 
applicable) shall continue to apply to all Securities issued under the Programme before the 
Effective Date in accordance with their terms, as applicable. 
(b)
Securities issued on or after the Effective Date which are expressed to be consolidated and form 
a single series with Securities the first tranche of which was issued prior to the Effective Date, 
shall not have the benefit of this Guarantee but shall instead have the benefit of the same 
guarantee of the Guarantor under the Programme granted in respect of such first tranche of 
Securities. 
(c)
This Guarantee shall not apply in respect of any Securities issued on or after the date on which 
the Guarantor has granted a subsequent guarantee of Securities issued by the Obligor under the 
Programme and which subsequent guarantee is expressed to replace this Guarantee in relation 
to such Securities (unless expressly so provided in the terms of such subsequent guarantee, 
including in the circumstance of (b) above where such Securities are to be consolidated and 
form a single series with Securities the first tranche of which was issued on or after the Effective 
Date but before the date on which the Guarantor has granted a subsequent guarantee). 
9.
Demand on Guarantor 
Any demand hereunder shall be given in writing, addressed to the Guarantor and served at its office at 4 
Metrotech, Brooklyn, New York 11245, United States of America, Attn: Finance Controllers, Interentity 
Analysis Group - Peter W Smith, Fax: 917-746-2267. A demand so made shall be deemed to have been 
duly made five New York Business Days (as used herein, "New York Business Day" means a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York) after the day it 
was served or if it was served on a day that was not a New York Business Day or after 5.30 p.m. (New 
York time) on any day, the demand shall be deemed to be duly made five New York Business Days after 
the New York Business Day immediately following such day. 
10.
Not Insured 
This Guarantee is not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation of the United States of 
America.

--- Page 777 ---
Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee and Form of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Guarantee 
764 
11.
Governing Law 
This Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith shall be 
governed by and construed in accordance with English law. 
12.
Jurisdiction 
This clause 12 is for the benefit of the Beneficiaries only. Subject as provided below, the courts of 
England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may, directly or indirectly, arise 
out of or in connection with this Guarantee including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection herewith and accordingly the Guarantor submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts to hear all suits, actions or proceedings (together hereinafter termed the 
"Proceedings") relating to any such dispute. The Guarantor waives any objection to the courts of 
England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. Nothing in this clause 12 
shall limit the rights of the Beneficiaries to take any Proceedings against the Guarantor in any other court 
of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
13.
QFC Stay Rules 
Notwithstanding herein to the contrary: 
(a)
to the extent required under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, this Guarantee and any interest 
or obligation in or under this Guarantee, or any property securing this Guarantee may be 
transferred to a transferee required under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime upon or 
following the Guarantor becoming subject to a receivership, insolvency, liquidation, resolution 
or similar proceeding unless the result of the transfer would result in a Beneficiary being the 
beneficiary of this Guarantee in violation of any law applicable to such Beneficiary; 
(b)
in the event the Guarantor becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution 
Regime, the transfer of this Guarantee (and any interest and obligation in or under, and any 
property securing, this Guarantee) from the Guarantor will be effective to the same extent as the 
transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Guarantee (and any 
interest and obligation in or under, and any property securing, this Guarantee) were governed 
by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States; 
(c)
in the event the Guarantor or an Affiliate of the Guarantor becomes subject to a proceeding 
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights with respect to this Guarantee that may 
be exercised against the Guarantor are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than the 
Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Guarantee 
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States; and 
(d)
if, after the date of this Guarantee, both parties hereto shall have become adhering parties to the 
ISDA 2018 U.S. Resolution Stay Protocol, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. as of 31 July 2018 (the "ISDA U.S. QFC Protocol"), the terms of 
the ISDA U.S. QFC Protocol will supersede and replace this clause 13. 
For purposes of this clause 13, the following terms have the following meanings: 
"Affiliate" has the meaning given in section 2(k) of the Bank Holding Company Act (12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) 
and section 225.2(a) of the Board's Regulation Y (12 CFR 225.2(a)). 
"Default Right" means any: (i) right of a party, whether contractual or otherwise (including, without 
limitation, rights incorporated by reference to any other contract, agreement, or document, and rights 
afforded by statute, civil code, regulation, and common law), to liquidate, terminate, cancel, rescind, or 
accelerate such agreement or transactions thereunder, set off or net amounts owing in respect thereto 
(except rights related to same day payment netting), exercise remedies in respect of collateral or other 
credit support or property related thereto (including the purchase and sale of property), demand payment 
or delivery thereunder or in respect thereof (other than a right or operation of a contractual provision 
arising solely from a change in the value of collateral or margin or a change in the amount of an economic 
exposure), suspend, delay, or defer payment or performance thereunder, or modify the obligations of a 
party thereunder, or any similar rights; and (ii) right or contractual provision that alters the amount of 
collateral or margin that must be provided with respect to an exposure thereunder, including by altering

--- Page 778 ---
Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee and Form of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Guarantee 
765 
any initial amount, threshold amount, variation margin, minimum transfer amount, the margin value of 
collateral, or any similar amount, that entitles a party to demand the return of any collateral or margin 
transferred by it to the other party or a custodian or that modifies a transferee's right to reuse collateral 
or margin (if such right previously existed), or any similar rights, in each case, other than a right or 
operation of a contractual provision arising solely from a change in the value of collateral or margin or a 
change in the amount of an economic exposure. 
"U.S. Special Resolution Regime" means the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1811–1835a) 
and regulations promulgated thereunder and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5381–5394) and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
14.
Service of Process 
The Guarantor agrees that service of process in England may be made on it at its London branch. Nothing 
in this Guarantee shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
15.
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of this Guarantee, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act.

--- Page 779 ---
Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee and Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee 
766 
LIMITATIONS OF THE JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. GUARANTEE AND FORM OF 
JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. GUARANTEE   
The JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee is a full and unconditional guarantee of the full and punctual 
payment of the principal of, interest on, and all other amounts payable under the Securities when the 
same becomes due and payable by JPMCFC, whether at maturity, upon redemption or upon acceleration. 
JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s obligations under the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee are unconditional and 
absolute. However, JPMorgan Chase & Co. will not be liable for any amount of payment that JPMCFC 
is excused from making or any amount in excess of the amount actually due and owing by JPMCFC, and 
any defence or counterclaims available to JPMCFC (except those resulting solely from, or on account 
of, the insolvency of JPMCFC or its status as debtor or subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding) 
will also be available to JPMorgan Chase & Co. to the same extent as these defence or counterclaims are 
available to JPMCFC, whether or not asserted by JPMCFC. 
The following is the form of guarantee given by JPMorgan Chase & Co. in respect of Securities issued 
by JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC. 
JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. GUARANTEE 
To: 
The Holders of all Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC under the 
Programme Documents (as defined below) on or after the date hereof 
JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of 
the State of Delaware, U.S.A. (the "Obligor"), may from time to time issue Notes (up to a programme 
limit of U.S.$5,000,000,000) and Certificates (each as defined in the Agency Agreement described 
below) in each case under the Structured Securities Programme for the issuance of Notes, Warrants and 
Certificates (the "Programme" and such Notes and Certificates, the "Securities" and each a "Security") 
(each Holder (as defined in the Conditions) of Securities issued by the Obligor, a "Beneficiary" and 
together, the "Beneficiaries"), pursuant to (a) an amended and restated agency agreement dated 17 April 
2025 among the Obligor, the Guarantor, J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V., JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch (the "Principal Programme Agent"), The Bank 
of New York Mellon S.A./N.V., Luxembourg Branch, J.P. Morgan Securities plc ("JPMS plc"), 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), BNP Paribas S.A., UBS AG and UBS Switzerland AG as 
may be amended and/or restated and/or replaced from time to time (the "Agency Agreement"), with the 
benefit of (b) (to the extent such Securities are governed by English law) a deed of covenant dated 17 
April 2025 executed by the Obligor as may be amended and/or restated and/or replaced from time to 
time and (c) this guarantee (the "Guarantee"), under the terms and conditions set out in the Agency 
Agreement as completed and/or amended by (d) a Final Terms, a Pricing Supplement or a Securities 
Note (each as defined in the Agency Agreement), and such Securities may be subscribed by Dealers in 
accordance with (e) an amended and restated programme agreement dated 17 April 2025 between, 
amongst others, the Obligor and JPMS plc as may be amended and/or restated and/or replaced from time 
to time (the foregoing, together the "Programme Documents"). 
Now, therefore, for good value and consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the Guarantor hereby agrees as follows: 
1.
Guarantee 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the "Guarantor"), subject to the terms hereof, hereby irrevocably, fully and 
unconditionally guarantees, on an unsecured basis, the full and punctual payment (whether at the stated 
maturity or upon redemption or acceleration) of the principal of, interest on, and all other amounts 
payable in respect of any Security issued by the Obligor on or after the date hereof (subject as provided 
in clause 12 (Deposit of Guarantee and Application)) on the date such payment or performance is due in 
accordance with the Conditions applicable to such Security. Upon failure by the Obligor to pay 
punctually any such amount, the Guarantor shall forthwith on demand pay the amount not so paid at the 
same place and in the same manner that applies to payments made by the Obligor under the Conditions. 
This Guarantee is a guarantee of payment and not of collection.

--- Page 780 ---
Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee and Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee 
767 
2.
Guarantee Unconditional 
The obligations of the Guarantor hereunder are unconditional and absolute and, without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, will not be released, discharged or otherwise affected by: 
(a)
any extension, renewal, settlement, compromise, waiver or release in respect of any obligation 
of the Obligor under the Conditions applicable to any Security, by operation of law or otherwise; 
(b)
any modification or amendment of, or supplement to the Conditions applicable to any Security; 
(c)
any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of the Obligor, or any insolvency, 
bankruptcy, reorganisation or other similar proceeding affecting the Obligor or its assets or any 
resulting release or discharge of any obligation of the Obligor contained in the Conditions 
applicable to any Security; 
(d)
the existence of any claim, set-off or other rights that the Guarantor may have at any time against 
the Obligor or any other individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, limited 
liability company, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation or government or any 
agency or political subdivision thereof (a "Person"), whether in connection with the Conditions 
applicable to any Security or any unrelated transactions, provided that nothing herein prevents 
the assertion of any such claim by separate suit or compulsory counterclaim; 
(e)
any invalidity or unenforceability relating to or against the Obligor for any reason of the 
Conditions applicable to any Security, or any provision of applicable law or regulation 
purporting to prohibit the payment by the Obligor of the principal of, interest on or other 
amounts on any Security; or 
(f)
subject to clause (b) of the proviso below, any other act or omission to act or delay of any kind 
by the Obligor or any other Person or any other circumstance whatsoever which might, but for 
the provisions of this paragraph, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of or defence to the 
Guarantor's obligations hereunder; 
provided, however, that: 
(a)
under no circumstances will the Guarantor be liable at any time or place to any Beneficiary 
under this Guarantee: 
(i)
for any amount of any payment that the Obligor is excused from making under the 
Conditions applicable to any Security, for so long as the Obligor shall be excused under 
such terms; or 
(ii)
for any amount in excess of the amount actually due and owing by the Obligor to such 
Beneficiary at such time and place, including but not limited to any set-off to which the 
Obligor would be entitled; and 
(b)
in addition but not in limitation of (a) above, any defence or counterclaim of the Obligor (other 
than any resulting solely from, or available to the Guarantor solely on account of, the insolvency 
of the Obligor or the status of the Obligor as the debtor or subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceeding) shall also be available to the Guarantor to the same extent that such defence or 
counterclaim is available to the Obligor and may be asserted as a defence or counterclaim by 
the Guarantor, in each case whether or not asserted by the Obligor. 
3.
Discharge; Reinstatement 
The Guarantor's obligations under this Guarantee will remain in full force and effect until the principal 
of, interest on and other amounts on the Securities have been paid in full. If at any time any payment of 
the principal of, interest on, or other amounts on any Security is rescinded or must be otherwise restored 
or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganisation of the Obligor or otherwise, the 
Guarantor's obligations hereunder with respect to such payment will be reinstated as though such 
payment had been due but not made at such time. 
4.
Waiver by the Guarantor

--- Page 781 ---
Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee and Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee 
768 
The Guarantor irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and any notice not 
provided for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any Person against 
the Obligor or any other Person. The Guarantor hereby agrees that, in the event of a default in payment 
of the principal of, interest on, and all other amounts payable under any Security, whether at its stated 
maturity, by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise, legal proceedings may be 
instituted by the Beneficiary of such Security, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the 
Programme Documents, directly against the Guarantor to enforce this Guarantee without first proceeding 
against the Obligor. 
5.
Subrogation 
Upon making any payment with respect to any obligation of the Obligor under this Guarantee, the 
Guarantor shall be subrogated to the rights of the payee against the Obligor with respect to such 
obligation, provided that the Guarantor may not enforce any right of subrogation with respect to such 
payment so long as any amount payable by the Obligor hereunder or under the Securities remains unpaid. 
6.
No Set-off 
By acceptance of this Guarantee, each of the Beneficiaries hereby waives any right it or any of its 
affiliates may have now or in the future (and irrespective of any future agreements among the Guarantor, 
the Obligor, the Beneficiaries or any of their respective affiliates) to set-off, combine, consolidate, or 
otherwise appropriate and apply (i) any assets of the Guarantor or any of its affiliates at any time held by 
any of them or (ii) any indebtedness or other liabilities at any time owing by any of them to the Guarantor 
or any of its affiliates, as the case may be, on account of the obligations or liabilities owed by the 
Guarantor to such party under this Guarantee. 
7.
Stay of Acceleration 
If acceleration of the time for payment of any amount payable by the Obligor under the Conditions 
applicable to the Securities is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganisation of the Obligor, 
all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the Conditions are nonetheless payable by the 
Guarantor hereunder forthwith on demand by the Beneficiaries. 
8.
Savings Clause 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Guarantee, the Guarantor, and by its acceptance of 
Securities, each Beneficiary, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Guarantee 
not constitute a fraudulent conveyance under applicable fraudulent conveyance provisions of the United 
States Bankruptcy Code or any comparable provision of state law. To effectuate that intention, the 
Beneficiaries and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee are limited to the maximum amount that would not render the Guarantor's obligations subject 
to avoidance under applicable fraudulent conveyance provisions of the United States Bankruptcy Code 
or any comparable provision of state law. 
9.
Demand on Guarantor 
Any demand hereunder shall be given in writing, addressed to the Guarantor and served at its office at 4 
Metrotech, Brooklyn, New York 11245, United States of America, Attn: Finance Controllers, Interentity 
Analysis Group - Peter W Smith, Fax: 917-746-2267. A demand so made shall be deemed to have been 
duly made five New York Business Days (as used herein, "New York Business Day" means a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York) after the day it was 
served or if it was served on a day that was not a New York Business Day or after 5.30 p.m. (New York 
time) on any day, the demand shall be deemed to be duly made five New York Business Days after the 
New York Business Day immediately following such day. 
10.
Execution and Delivery of Guarantee 
The execution by the Guarantor of this Guarantee evidences the Guarantee, whether or not the person 
signing as an officer of the Guarantor still holds that office at the time of authentication of any Security. 
The delivery of any Security by the Principal Programme Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) 
after authentication constitutes due delivery of the Guarantee on behalf of the Guarantor.

--- Page 782 ---
Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee and Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee 
769 
11.
Incorporation of Terms 
The Guarantor agrees that it shall comply with and be bound by those provisions contained in the 
Programme Documents which relate to it. 
12.
Deposit of Guarantee and Application 
This Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by The Bank of New York Mellon for the benefit of the 
Beneficiaries. 
(a)
Subject to (b) and (c) below, this Guarantee (i) applies in respect of each Security issued by the 
Obligor under the Programme on or after 17 April 2025 (the "Effective Date") and (ii) amends, 
supplants and replaces in its entirety, for all such Securities referred to in (i), the guarantee 
referenced in the base prospectus for the Programme dated 18 April 2024 (the "18 April 2024 
Guarantee"). For the avoidance of doubt, the 18 April 2024 Guarantee (and each guarantee of 
Securities by the Guarantor under the Programme preceding the 18 April 2024 Guarantee, as 
applicable) shall continue to apply to all Securities issued under the Programme before the 
Effective Date in accordance with their terms, as applicable. 
(b)
Securities issued on or after the Effective Date which are expressed to be consolidated and form 
a single series with Securities the first tranche of which was issued prior to the Effective Date, 
shall not have the benefit of this Guarantee but shall instead have the benefit of the same 
guarantee of the Guarantor under the Programme granted in respect of such first tranche of 
Securities. 
(c)
This Guarantee shall not apply in respect of any Securities issued on or after the date on which 
the Guarantor has granted a subsequent guarantee of Securities issued by the Obligor under the 
Programme and which subsequent guarantee is expressed to replace this Guarantee in relation 
to such Securities (unless expressly so provided in the terms of such subsequent guarantee, 
including in the circumstance of (b) above where such Securities are to be consolidated and 
form a single series with Securities the first tranche of which was issued on or after the Effective 
Date but before the date on which the Guarantor has granted a subsequent guarantee). 
13.
Not Insured 
This Guarantee is not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation of the United States of 
America. 
14.
Governing Law 
This Guarantee and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be governed by, and 
construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
15.
QFC Stay Rules 
Notwithstanding herein to the contrary: 
(a)
to the extent required under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, this Guarantee and any interest 
or obligation in or under this Guarantee, or any property securing this Guarantee may be 
transferred to a transferee required under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime upon or 
following the Guarantor becoming subject to a receivership, insolvency, liquidation, resolution 
or similar proceeding unless the result of the transfer would result in a Beneficiary being the 
beneficiary of this Guarantee in violation of any law applicable to such Beneficiary; 
(b)
in the event the Guarantor becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution 
Regime, the transfer of this Guarantee (and any interest and obligation in or under, and any 
property securing, this Guarantee) from the Guarantor will be effective to the same extent as the 
transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Guarantee (and any 
interest and obligation in or under, and any property securing, this Guarantee) were governed 
by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States;

--- Page 783 ---
Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee and Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee 
770 
(c)
in the event the Guarantor or an Affiliate of the Guarantor becomes subject to a proceeding 
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights with respect to this Guarantee that may 
be exercised against the Guarantor are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than the 
Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Guarantee 
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States; and 
(d)
if, after the date of this Guarantee, both parties hereto shall have become adhering parties to the 
ISDA 2018 U.S. Resolution Stay Protocol, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. as of 31 July 2018 (the "ISDA U.S. QFC Protocol"), the terms of 
the ISDA U.S. QFC Protocol will supersede and replace this clause 15. 
For purposes of this clause 15, the following terms have the following meanings: 
"Affiliate" has the meaning given in section 2(k) of the Bank Holding Company Act (12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) 
and section 225.2(a) of the Board's Regulation Y (12 CFR 225.2(a)). 
"Default Right" means any: (i) right of a party, whether contractual or otherwise (including, without 
limitation, rights incorporated by reference to any other contract, agreement, or document, and rights 
afforded by statute, civil code, regulation, and common law), to liquidate, terminate, cancel, rescind, or 
accelerate such agreement or transactions thereunder, set off or net amounts owing in respect thereto 
(except rights related to same day payment netting), exercise remedies in respect of collateral or other 
credit support or property related thereto (including the purchase and sale of property), demand payment 
or delivery thereunder or in respect thereof (other than a right or operation of a contractual provision 
arising solely from a change in the value of collateral or margin or a change in the amount of an economic 
exposure), suspend, delay, or defer payment or performance thereunder, or modify the obligations of a 
party thereunder, or any similar rights; and (ii) right or contractual provision that alters the amount of 
collateral or margin that must be provided with respect to an exposure thereunder, including by altering 
any initial amount, threshold amount, variation margin, minimum transfer amount, the margin value of 
collateral, or any similar amount, that entitles a party to demand the return of any collateral or margin 
transferred by it to the other party or a custodian or that modifies a transferee's right to reuse collateral 
or margin (if such right previously existed), or any similar rights, in each case, other than a right or 
operation of a contractual provision arising solely from a change in the value of collateral or margin or a 
change in the amount of an economic exposure. 
"U.S. Special Resolution Regime" means the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1811–1835a) 
and regulations promulgated thereunder and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5381–5394) and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
16.
Jurisdiction 
The Guarantor agrees to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts located in the State of New York, United 
States of America, over any disputes arising under or relating to this Guarantee.

--- Page 784 ---
Book-Entry Clearing Systems 
771 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The information appearing below is based on the Issuers' understanding of the rules and procedures 
of the relevant Clearing System as derived from public sources. These rules and procedures are subject 
to change. 
Securities held through a Relevant Clearing System 
See "Book-entry systems" below. Transfers of Securities which are held in a Relevant Clearing System 
may be effected only through the Relevant Clearing System(s) in which the Securities to be transferred 
are held. Title will pass upon registration of the transfer in the books of the Relevant Clearing System(s) 
and in accordance with the local laws, regulations and/or rules governing such Relevant Clearing 
Systems. 
Beneficial interests in the Global Securities will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected 
through, records maintained by the Relevant Clearing System(s) and its respective participants. 
Book-entry systems 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Clearstream Frankfurt have each published rules and operating 
procedures designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Global Securities among participants 
and accountholders of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Clearstream Frankfurt. However, they 
are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be 
discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuers, Guarantors, the Relevant Programme Agents 
or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Clearstream Frankfurt or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their 
respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will 
have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial 
interests in the Securities represented by Global Securities or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing 
any records relating to such beneficial interests. 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt, Euroclear France and Euroclear Finland 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt, Euroclear France and Euroclear Finland 
each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities 
transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account holders. Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt, Euroclear France and Euroclear Finland provide 
various services including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded 
securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream 
Frankfurt, Euroclear France and Euroclear Finland also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their 
respective participants may settle trades with each other. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
Clearstream Frankfurt, Euroclear France and Euroclear Finland customers are world-wide financial 
institutions, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing 
corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt, Euroclear 
France and Euroclear Finland is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with an account holder of either system. 
SIX SIS AG 
SIX SIS AG has been part of SIX Group since January 2008. SIX Group was formed at the beginning of 
2008 through the merger of SWX Group, SIS Group and Telekurs Group. 
As both a central securities depository and an international central securities depository, SIX SIS AG 
offers banks and other financial market participants the safe custody of securities, a full range of custody 
services and the settlement of securities transactions. SIX SIS AG settles securities transactions 
worldwide, including transactions in uncertificated securities. 
In the Swiss market, SIX SIS AG is part of the so-called Swiss value chain. The links to the SIX Swiss 
Exchange AG and the payment systems SIC/euroSIC, ensure fully automated settlement in central bank 
money.

--- Page 785 ---
Book-Entry Clearing Systems 
772 
Euroclear Sweden 
Euroclear Sweden is a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies. Euroclear Sweden is a limited 
liability company. It is authorised and regulated by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority as a 
central securities depository within the meaning of the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and 
Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479 (as amended)) and as a clearing organisation within the 
meaning of the Swedish Securities Markets Act (2007:528 (as amended)). Swedish Securities will be 
issued in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form with Euroclear Sweden in 
accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. No physical notes, certificates or other physical instruments 
(whether in global, temporary or definitive form) will be issued in respect of the Swedish Securities other 
than as specifically allowed in the General Conditions. All transactions relating to the Swedish Securities 
(such as issuance, sale and transfer, pledge arrangements and other dispositions and redemptions) are 
executed as computerised book-entry registrations. Consequently, in order to effect such entries Holders 
must establish a book-entry account through a credit institution or a securities firm acting as an account 
operator with Euroclear Sweden. More information regarding Euroclear Sweden and its rules and 
operating procedures can be found at its internet web site at http://www.euroclear.eu. 
VPS 
The VPS is the Norwegian paperless centralised securities registry. It is a computerised bookkeeping 
system in which the ownership of and transactions relating to securities that are registered with the VPS 
are recorded. The VPS also facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions. All 
transactions relating to securities registered with the VPS are made through computerised book entries. 
The VPS confirms each entry by sending a transcript to the registered holder irrespective of any 
beneficial ownership. To effect such entries, the individual holder must establish a VPS account with an 
authorised VPS account agent. Amongst others banks and investment firms authorised to conduct 
services in or into Norway can become authorised VPS account agents. Indirect access to the VPS is 
available to authorised institutions that offer custodial/nominee services in securities registered with the 
VPS. The entry of a transaction in the VPS is pursuant to Norwegian law prima facie evidence in 
determining the legal rights of parties as against the issuer or a third party claiming an interest in the 
relevant security. The VPS is generally liable for any loss resulting from an error in connection with 
registering, altering or cancelling a right, except in the event of contributory negligence, in which event 
compensation owed by the VPS may be reduced or withdrawn. 
VP 
VP operates the Danish depository and clearing centre. VP undertakes the electronic issue of securities, 
registering book-entry of ownership and rights, and undertakes clearing and settlement of transactions. 
VP offers a direct and automated link to the international securities market through Euroclear Bank, 
which permits customers in Euroclear to trade in Danish securities with settlement in Euroclear without 
loss of value days. VP operates with seven clearing and settlement blocks every 24 hours, with netting 
of customers' positions in both cash and securities. Delivery and payment on a net basis are simultaneous. 
During daytime trading hours, there is also the possibility of real-time gross settlement (RTGS). Entities 
wishing to issue securities through VP must enter into an agreement with VP and an issue administrator, 
which may be Danish or foreign banks, securities brokers etc. Securities are held on custody accounts 
operated by account holding institutions. VP's customers are Danish and international banks, brokers, 
dealers and financial institutions. 
CDIs settling through CREST 
General information 
If specified in the relevant Issue Terms, investors will hold indirect interests in the Securities through 
CREST (being the system for the paperless settlement of trades and the holding of uncertificated 
securities operated by Euroclear UK & International Limited or any successor thereto in accordance with 
the United Kingdom Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001) by holding dematerialised depository 
interests ("CREST Depository Interests" or "CDIs"). 
CDIs are independent securities constituted under English law issued, held, settled and transferred 
through CREST. CDIs are issued by CREST Depository Limited or any successor thereto (the "CREST 
Depository") pursuant to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (in the form contained in Chapter 8 of

--- Page 786 ---
Book-Entry Clearing Systems 
773 
the CREST International Manual (which forms part of the CREST Manual)) (as subsequently modified, 
supplemented and/or restated) (the "CREST Deed Poll"). CDIs are held through CREST in 
dematerialised uncertificated form in accordance with the CREST Deed Poll. CDIs in respect of 
Securities will be constituted, issued to investors and transferred pursuant to the terms of the CREST 
Deed Poll.  
CDIs represent indirect interests in the Securities to which they relate and holders of CDIs will not be 
the legal owners of the Securities. The Issuer will issue Securities with the intention that indirect interests 
in such Securities be held through CDIs. In order to enable the settlement of indirect interest in the 
relevant Securities within CREST, investors will need to hold such indirect interests via CDIs.  
Following the delivery of the Securities into a Relevant Clearing System permitted in the CREST 
Manual, indirect interests in Securities may be delivered, held and settled in CREST by means of the 
creation of dematerialised CDIs representing indirect interests in the relevant Securities. Interests in the 
Securities will be credited to the CREST nominee's account with Euroclear and the CREST nominee will 
hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue CDIs to the relevant CREST 
participants. The CDIs will therefore consist of indirect rights of a CDI holder in, or relating to, the 
Securities which are held (through the CREST nominee) on trust for the benefit of the CDI holder by the 
CREST Depository and will constitute a record acknowledging that the CREST nominee holds the 
Securities as nominee on behalf of the CREST Depository. The CDIs will be issued once the relevant 
Securities are credited to the CREST nominee's account. It is intended that CDIs will be issued to the 
relevant CREST participants on or around the Issue Date of the relevant Securities. However, CDIs may 
be created at any time following the credit of relevant Securities to the CREST nominee's account with 
Euroclear. 
Each CDI will be treated as one Security represented by such CDI, for the purposes of determining all 
rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect thereof. The CREST Depository will pass on 
to holders of CDIs any interest or other amounts received by it as holder of the Securities on trust for 
such CDI holder. Therefore, the holders of CDIs are entitled to the proceeds from the Securities. If a 
matter arises that requires a vote of the Holders, J.P. Morgan may make arrangements to permit the 
holders of CDIs to instruct the CREST Depository to exercise the voting rights of the CREST nominee 
in respect of the Securities. However, there is no guarantee that it will be possible to put such voting 
arrangements in place for holders of CDIs. 
Transfers of interests in Securities by the CREST nominee to a participant of the Relevant Clearing 
System will be effected by cancellation of the CDIs and transfer of an interest in such Securities 
represented by the CDIs to the account of the relevant participant with the Relevant Clearing System. It 
is expected that the CDIs will have the same securities identification number as the ISIN of the Securities 
and will not require a separate listing on a recognised stock exchange. 
Investment considerations in respect of holding CDIs 
The rights of the holders of CDIs will be governed by the arrangements between CREST and the Relevant 
Clearing System, including the CREST Deed Poll executed by the CREST Depository. These rights may 
be different from those of holders of Securities which are not represented by CDIs. 
Rights in respect of the Securities cannot be enforced by holders of CDIs except indirectly through the 
CREST Depository and CREST nominee who in turn can enforce rights indirectly through the 
intermediary depositories and custodians described above. The enforcement of rights in respect of the 
Securities will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant intermediary. 
These arrangements could result in an elimination or reduction in the payments that otherwise would 
have been made in respect of the Securities in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant 
intermediary, in particular where the Securities held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose 
accounts and are fungible with other securities held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of 
the relevant intermediaries.  
Holders of CDIs will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions of or 
prescribed pursuant to the CREST International Manual (November 2014) issued by Euroclear UK & 
International Limited and as amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time to time (the "CREST 
Manual") and the CREST Rules (contained in the CREST Manual) (the "CREST Rules") applicable to

--- Page 787 ---
Book-Entry Clearing Systems 
774 
the CREST International Settlement Links Service. Holders of CDIs must comply in full with all 
obligations imposed on them by such provisions. 
Investors in CDIs should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual and the 
CREST Rules contain indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings to be given by holders 
of CDIs and limitations on the liability of the CREST Depository as issuer of the CDIs. Holders of CDIs 
may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, representations and 
undertakings in excess of the money invested by them.  
Investors in CDIs should note that holders of CDIs may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and 
expenses to the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement 
Links Service. These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST Depository in respect of 
the provision of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or 
expenses which may be or become payable in connection with the holding of the Securities through the 
CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
Investors in CDIs should note that none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Dealers and the 
Arranger will have any responsibility for the performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct 
or indirect participants or accountholders acting in connection with CDIs or for the respective obligations 
of such intermediaries, participants or accountholders under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Dealers and the Arranger makes any representation 
or warranty as to the tax consequences of an investment in CDIs and/or the tax consequences of the 
acquisition, holding, transfer or disposal of CDIs by any investor (including, without limitation, whether 
any stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, excise, severance, sales, use, transfer, documentary or any other 
similar tax, duty or charge may be imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any government, 
applicable tax authority or jurisdiction on the acquisition, holding, transfer or disposal of CDIs by any 
investor). The tax consequences for each investor in CDIs can be different. For example, while not 
certain, an investor that holds CDIs could be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as if it held 
the underlying security. Therefore, investors and counterparties should consider consulting with their tax 
advisers as to their specific consequences. 
The attention of Investors in CDIs is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual 
and the CREST Rules, copies of which are available from Euroclear UK & International Limited at 33 
Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB or by calling +44 (0)20 7849 0000 or from the Euroclear UK & 
International Limited website at www.euroclear.com/site/public/EUI.

--- Page 788 ---
Subscription and Sale 
775 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated programme agreement 
dated 17 April 2025, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time (the 
"Programme Agreement"), between the Issuers, the Guarantors, the Permanent Dealers and the 
Arranger, the Securities will be offered on a continuous basis by the relevant Issuer to the Permanent 
Dealers. However, each Issuer has reserved the right to sell Securities directly on its own behalf to 
Dealers that it may appoint for such purpose from time to time. The price and amount of Securities to be 
issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer and Dealer(s) at the time of issue 
in accordance with prevailing market conditions. The Securities may be resold at prevailing market 
prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The 
Securities may also be sold by the relevant Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the relevant 
Issuer. The Programme Agreement also provides for Securities to be issued in syndicated Tranches that 
are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. If a Tranche of Securities is syndicated, 
the details of such syndication will be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. The application procedures 
to be followed by the Issuer and the Dealers in relation to an issue of Securities are set out in the 
procedures memorandum dated 17 April 2025. 
The relevant Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of 
Securities subscribed by it.  
The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Securities in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Securities being made to the relevant Issuer. 
Any person who purchases Securities at any time is deemed to have acknowledged, understood and 
agreed to comply with the selling restrictions set out below. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
The Securities, the Guarantees and, in certain instances, the securities to be delivered upon redemption 
or exercise of the Securities, if any, have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or 
the laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Trading in the Securities and the 
Guarantees has not been approved by the CFTC under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act. The Securities 
issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee have not been 
and will not be registered under the rules of the OCC. 
The Securities are being offered and sold pursuant to the exemption from registration under the Securities 
Act contained in Regulation S and, with respect to CREST CDI Securities, also subject to the persons to 
whom such Securities are offered and sold having entered into, and remaining in compliance with, an 
Investor Letter of Representations.  
The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee 
may also be offered or sold in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Section 3(a)(2) thereof and will be offered and sold pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the OCC (including, in the case of offers or sales outside the United 
States, in compliance with Regulation S as such regulation is incorporated into the regulations of the 
OCC pursuant to 12 C.F.R. Section 16.5(g)).  
The Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. Person at any time nor offered, sold, 
transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised or redeemed at any time within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person; provided, however, that this restriction shall not 
apply to a U.S. Person that is an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer. 
Hedging transactions involving "equity securities" of "domestic issuers" (as each such term is defined in 
the Securities Act and regulations thereunder) may be conducted only in compliance with the Securities 
Act, and hedging transactions must be conducted only in compliance with the Commodity Exchange 
Act. 
Any person who purchases Securities at any time is deemed to have acknowledged and understood the 
selling restrictions set out above and is also required to make, or is deemed to have made, the 
representations and agreements as set out below under "— United States" and under "Purchaser

--- Page 789 ---
Subscription and Sale 
776 
representations and requirements and transfer restrictions" as a condition to purchasing such Security 
or any legal or beneficial interest therein. 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the relevant Issuer and the Dealer(s) (e.g. 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive). Any such modification will be set out in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Save for the approval of this document as a Base Prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") and the notification 
by the CSSF to the competent authorities in Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, 
France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Liechtenstein, The Netherlands, Portugal, Spain and 
Sweden of such approval, no action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering 
of any of the Securities, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any of the documents 
incorporated by reference therein or any other offering material or any Issue Terms, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) 
Limited have agreed and any Dealer who is appointed by the relevant Issuer in connection with an issue 
of Securities will agree that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or has in its 
possession or distributes this Base Prospectus or any of the documents incorporated by reference therein, 
any other offering material or any Issue Terms or Securities Note (as applicable) and neither JPMCFC, 
JPMSP, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase & Co., nor any other Dealer shall have 
responsibility therefor. 
Andorra 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed will be required to represent 
and agree, that the Securities will only be offered, marketed, distributed or sold, or any marketing 
materials distributed in the Principality of Andorra ("Andorra") relating thereto, in accordance with the 
requirements set forth by the laws of Andorra, in particular: Law 7/2013, 9, May, on the regime for the 
operating entities in the Andorran financial system and other provisions which govern the financial 
activities at the Principality of Andorra ("Law 7/2013") "Llei 7/2013, del 9 de maig, sobre el règim 
jurídic de les entitats operatives del sistema financer andorrà i altres disposicions que regulen l'exercici 
de les activitats financeres al Principat d'Andorra"; and Law 7/2024, of 27 May, concerning the 
organizational conditions and operating conditions of operational entities in the Andorran financial 
system and market abuse ("Law 7/2024") "Llei 7/2024, del 27 de maig, sobre organització i 
funcionament de les entitats operatives del sistema financer i l’abús de mercats", as well as or any other 
related regulations that may be in force from time to time, as further amended, supplemented or restated 
governing the issue, offer and sale of Securities in Andorra. 
Accordingly, the Securities can only be publicly offered, marketed, promoted or negotiated in Andorra 
by locally licensed entities "entitats operatives del sistema financer andorrà" authorised by the Andorran 
Financial Authority "Autoritat Financera Andorrana" to distribute Securities within Andorra (i.e., 
banking entities, collective investment scheme management companies and both investment financial 
companies and agencies).  
The Securities may only be offered or distributed exclusively to locally licensed entities in accordance 
with the laws of Andorra, or sell them to Andorran professional investors, as defined in Law 7/2024, as 
long as the selling of such Securities is expressly solicited by such investors. 
Austria 
For selling restrictions in respect of Austria, please see "European Economic Area" below. 
Belgium 
For selling restrictions in respect of Belgium, please see "European Economic Area" below and in 
addition: 
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted for approval to the Financial Services and Markets 
Authority. Accordingly, investments instruments (as defined in the law of 11 July 2018 on offerings to

--- Page 790 ---
Subscription and Sale 
777 
the public of investment instruments and the admission of investment instruments to trading on regulated 
markets, as amended or replaced from time to time (the "Prospectus Law")) that do not qualify as 
securities (as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), including Securities that have a maturity of less 
than 12 months and qualify as money market instruments, and that therefore fall outside the scope of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation, may not be distributed in Belgium by way of an offering to the public, as 
defined in and subject to the exemptions set out in the Prospectus Law. 
Any offeror of Securities will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or market 
Securities to any person that qualifies as a "consumer" within the meaning of Article I.1.2 of the Belgian 
Code of Economic Law (the "Code"), as amended from time to time, unless such offer, sale or marketing 
is made in compliance with the Code and its implementing regulation. 
Czech Republic 
For selling restrictions in respect of the Czech Republic, please see "European Economic Area" below. 
Denmark 
For selling restrictions in respect of Denmark, please see "European Economic Area" below. 
European Economic Area 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
to be "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in 
that Member State:  
(a)
if the final terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may be 
made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that Member State 
(a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such 
Securities which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final 
terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt 
Offer;  
(b)
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation;  
(c)
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(d)
in any other circumstances falling within Articles 1(3), 1(4) and/or 3(2)(b) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation (as may be locally implemented),  
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Securities to the public" in relation to 
any Securities in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities, and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, and includes any relevant implementing measures in the Member State. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that any commission, fee or non-monetary benefit received from the

--- Page 791 ---
Subscription and Sale 
778 
relevant Issuer complies with the applicable rules set out in the Markets in Financial Instrument Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, "MiFID II"). 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" to be "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b)
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case where the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities does not 
specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" to be not applicable but where the Dealer 
subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the "EU PRIIPs KID Regulation") in respect of such Securities, then following such 
publication, the prohibition on the offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail 
investor in the European Economic Area as described above shall no longer apply. 
Finland 
For selling restrictions in respect of Finland, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the relevant Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a)
Offer to the public non exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus in France: it has 
only made and will only make an offer of Securities to the public non exempted from the 
obligation to publish a prospectus (offre au public non dispensée de la publication d'un 
prospectus) in France or an admission of Securities to trading on a regulated market in France 
in the period (i) beginning (A) on the date of its publication, when a prospectus in relation to 
those Securities has been approved by the Autorité des Marchés Financier ("AMF"), or (B) on 
the date of notification of such approval to the AMF in accordance with Article 25 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, when a prospectus in relation to those Securities has been approved by 
the competent authority of another member state of the European Economic Area, and (ii) 
ending at the latest on the date which is 12 months after the date of approval of the prospectus 
by the competent authority, in accordance with Article 3 and Article 12 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, Articles L. 412-1 and L. 621-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the 
provisions of the AMF's General Regulation (Règlement général) ("RG AMF") and in 
accordance with any other applicable French laws and regulations in force; or 
(b)
Offer to the public exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus (private placement) in 
France: it has only made and will only make an offer of Securities in France only in 
circumstances that constitute an offer to the public exempted from the obligation to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Articles L.411-2 and L. 411-2-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier and more particularly to (a) a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint

--- Page 792 ---
Subscription and Sale 
779 
d'investisseurs), other than qualified investors, provided that such investors are acting for their 
own account, in accordance with Articles L. 411-2 1° and D. 411-4 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in and 
in accordance with Articles L. 411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier and Article 
2(e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation and/or (c) investors who acquire Securities for a total 
consideration of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) per investor, for 
each separate offer in accordance with Article L. 411-2-1 2° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier and Article 211-2 II of the RG AMF and/or (d) Securities with a nominal amount of 
at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) in accordance with Article L. 411-
2-1 3° of the French Code monétaire et financier and Article 211-2 III of the RG AMF. 
Germany 
For selling restrictions in respect of Germany, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
Greece 
For selling restrictions in respect of Greece, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
Hungary 
For selling restrictions in respect of Hungary, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
These Securities are issued via private placement. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that (and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that) it has not offered, sold, placed or 
underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the Securities, or do anything in Ireland in 
respect of the Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of: 
(a)
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (EU Prospectus Regulation), Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980 (PR Regulation), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 (RTS 
Regulation) and any Central Bank of Ireland ("Central Bank") rules issued and / or in force 
pursuant to Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended); 
(b)
the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended); 
(c)
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) and it 
will conduct itself in accordance with any rules or codes of conduct and any conditions or 
requirements, or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank, and it will 
assist the Issuer in complying with its obligations thereunder; 
(d)
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 16 April 2014 on 
market abuse, the European Union (Market Abuse Regulations 2016 and any Central Bank rules 
issued and / or in force pursuant to Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as 
amended), and it will assist the Issuer in complying with its obligations thereunder;  
(e)
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 
2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment 
products (PRIIPs); and 
(f)
the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2023 (as amended) and any codes of conduct rules made under 
Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of any Securities has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Securities may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or 
of any other document relating to the Securities be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; or

--- Page 793 ---
Subscription and Sale 
780 
(b)
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to the 
EU Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
as amended from time to time (the "Financial Services Act") and Article 34-ter of CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time (the "Regulation No. 
11971"). 
Any offer, sale or delivery of any Securities or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to any Securities in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must: 
(i)
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) 
and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended from time to time (the 
"Banking Act"); and 
(ii)
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, 
pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank 
of Italy issued on 25 August 2015, as amended on 10 August 2016, on 2 November 2020 
and from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Please note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Securities in the Republic of Italy, the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and the Financial Services Act may require compliance with the law relating to 
public offers of securities. Furthermore, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services 
Act, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies, Securities which are initially offered 
and placed in Italy or abroad to professional investors only but in the following year are "systematically" 
distributed on the secondary market in Italy become subject to the public offer and the prospectus 
requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. Failure to 
comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Securities being declared null and void and in the 
liability of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the 
investors. 
Jersey 
The Securities shall not be offered or sold to any person in Jersey and this Base Prospectus shall not be 
circulated in Jersey. 
Liechtenstein 
For selling restrictions in respect of Liechtenstein, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
Monaco 
The Securities may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to investors in Monaco other than by a 
duly authorised intermediary. Such intermediaries being banks and financial activities companies duly 
licensed by the "Commission de Contrôle des Activités Financières" ("CCAF") by virtue of Law n°1.338 
of September 7th, 2007 and authorised under Law n° 1.144 of July 26th, 1991.  
Otherwise, the Securities may be offered or sold to: (i) institutional investors (pension funds, the 
government, the sovereign fund, the Prince's Foundation, banks, CCAF regulated entities and insurance 
companies); (ii) investors who have raised enquiries of their own initiative (on a cross border and reverse 
solicitation basis); and (iii) existing clients of relevant entities (on a cross border basis). The distribution 
of this document is restricted accordingly. 
By accepting this document, recipients warrant that they are fluent in English and expressly waive the 
possibility of a French translation of this document. Les destinataires du présent document reconnaissent 
être à même d'en prendre connaissance en langue anglaise et renoncent expressément à une traduction 
française.
The Netherlands

--- Page 794 ---
Subscription and Sale 
781 
For selling restrictions in respect of The Netherlands, see "European Economic Area" above and in 
addition each Dealer under the Programme, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme, 
that did and does not have the requisite Dutch regulatory capacity to make offers or sales of financial 
instruments in The Netherlands has represented and agreed or, in the case of further Dealers, will be 
required to represent and agree with the Issuers that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any of the Securities of the relevant Issuer in The Netherlands, other than through one or more investment 
firms acting as principals and having the Dutch regulatory capacity to make such offers or sales. 
Norway 
For selling restrictions in respect of Norway, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
Poland 
For selling restrictions in respect of Poland, please see "European Economic Area" above and in addition: 
Recipients of this Base Prospectus or any related documents, including but not limited to other offering 
materials, should be aware that neither this Base Prospectus nor any related documents have been 
approved by the Financial Supervision Commission in the Republic of Poland (the "FSC") and the FSC 
has not received notification from any other competent authority in the European Union concerning the 
approval of the Base Prospectus together with a copy of the approved Base Prospectus and translation of 
its summary section. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer or sale of Securities 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue 
Terms in relation thereto in Poland and will not distribute this Base Prospectus and any related 
documents, unless they publicly offer the Securities within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, only: 
(a)
at any time, to any legal entity which is a qualified investor, or  
(b)
to investors, each of whom acquires Securities for a total consideration of at least EUR 100,000 
for each separate offer, or  
(c)
if the denomination of offered Securities per unit amounts to at least EUR 100,000. 
Portugal 
For selling restrictions in respect of Portugal, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
Romania 
For selling restrictions in respect of Romania, please see "European Economic Area" above and in 
addition: 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that (and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that): 
(a)
it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the 
Securities, or do anything in Romania in respect of the Securities, otherwise than in conformity 
with the provisions of Law 24/2017 on issuers of financial instruments and markets operations, 
as amended from time to time and with the relevant secondary legislation issued by the 
Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority, including Regulation no. 5/2018, as amended; 
(b)
it has not made a request for the listing of the Securities with a regulated exchange and/or 
alternative trading system in Romania; and 
(c)
it will comply with the legislation governing government bonds and money-market instruments, 
including secondary legislation issued by the National Bank of Romania. 
Slovak Republic

--- Page 795 ---
Subscription and Sale 
782 
For selling restrictions in respect of the Slovak Republic, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
Spain 
The Securities may not be listed, offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Securities 
be carried out in Spain, except in circumstances which do not require registration of a prospectus in Spain 
or without complying with the requirements set out in the EU Prospectus Regulation, Law 6/2023, of 17 
March, of the Securities Market (Ley 6/2023, de 17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los 
Servicios de Inversión) as amended and restated (the "Securities Markets Law"), and Royal Decree 
814/2023, of 8 November on financial instruments, admission to trading and registry of admitted 
securities (Real Decreto 814/2023, de 8 de noviembre, sobre instrumentos financieros, admisión a 
negociación, registro de valores negociables e infraestructuras de mercado), as amended and restated 
(the "Royal Decree 814/2023"), or any other related regulations that may be in force from time to time, 
as further amended, supplemented or restated. 
Sweden 
For selling restrictions in respect of Sweden, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
Switzerland 
If the relevant Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Swiss Non-Exempt Public Offer" as 
"No": 
(a)
the Securities may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, to private clients in Switzerland 
within the meaning of the FinSA and no application has or will be made to admit the Securities 
to trading on SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue in Switzerland, and neither this 
document nor the Base Prospectus and Issue Terms nor any documents related to the Securities 
shall constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this document nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Securities may be publicly distributed or otherwise 
made publicly available in Switzerland; and 
(b)
such Securities may only be offered in Switzerland pursuant to and in accordance with an 
exemption from the prospectus requirement listed in article 36 para. 1 FinSA or where such 
offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. 
Taiwan 
The Securities may be made available (i) outside Taiwan to Taiwan resident investors for purchase by 
such investors outside Taiwan; (ii) to the offshore banking units of Taiwan banks (including Taiwan 
branches of foreign banks), offshore securities units of Taiwan securities houses (including Taiwan 
branches of foreign securities houses) and offshore insurance units of Taiwan insurance companies 
(including Taiwan branches of foreign insurance companies) purchasing the Securities in trust for, as 
agents of, or otherwise on behalf of their non-Taiwan clients or for purposes of on-sale to qualified 
Taiwan investors; or (iii) to qualified investors via a Taiwan-licensed intermediary, but may not 
otherwise be offered or sold in Taiwan. Any subscriptions of Securities shall only become effective upon 
acceptance by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer outside Taiwan and shall be deemed a contract entered 
into in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer or relevant Dealer, as the case may be, unless 
otherwise specified in the subscription documents relating to the Securities signed by the investors. 
United Kingdom 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
to be "Not Applicable",  each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Issue Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer 
of such Securities to the public in the United Kingdom:  
(a)
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 796 ---
Subscription and Sale 
783 
(b)
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the UK 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(c)
in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (as amended, the "FSMA"),  
provided that no such offer of Securities shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Securities to the public" in relation to any 
Securities in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that any commission, fee or non-monetary benefit received from the 
relevant Issuer complies with the applicable rules set out in the Markets in Financial Instrument Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, "MiFID II") as implemented under UK law, such implementing 
legislation being preserved under UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as 
amended, the "EUWA"). 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a)
Securities with maturities of less than one year: in relation to any Securities (other than 
Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.)1 where the issue of the Securities would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer:  
(i)
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities other than to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; 
(b)
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Securities in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not 
apply to JPMCFC, JPMSP or JPMorgan Chase & Co. (as Issuer or as Guarantor in respect of 
Securities issued by JPMCFC), and would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (as Issuer or as Guarantor in respect of Securities issued by 
JPMSP);  
(c)
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA and the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom; and 
(d)
Commissions and fees: 
(i)
if it is distributing Securities that are "retail investment products" (as such term is defined 
in the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook) into the United Kingdom and it is entitled 
to receive any commission or fee from the Issuer, it will not transfer any part of that 
commission or fee to any third party who may advise retail investors to purchase a 
Security that is a retail investment product; and 
1 JPMorgan Chase & Co. may not issues Securities with a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue.

--- Page 797 ---
Subscription and Sale 
784 
(ii)
if it is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority to provide investment 
advice to retail investors in the United Kingdom and it is providing advice to retail 
investors in respect of a Security that is a retail investment product, it undertakes not to 
request any commission or fee from the Issuer and to otherwise reject any such payment 
offered to it other than in circumstances where the Issuer has agreed to facilitate the 
payment of an advisory fee and has the express consent of the retail investor to do so. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" to be "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b)
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case where the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities does not 
specify the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" to be not applicable but where the Dealer 
subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the "UK PRIIPs KID 
Regulation") in respect of such Securities, then following such publication, the prohibition on the 
offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the United Kingdom as 
described above shall no longer apply. 
United States 
General 
The Securities, the Guarantees and, in certain instances, the securities to be delivered upon redemption 
or exercise of the Securities, if any, have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or 
the laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Trading in the Securities and the 
Guarantees has not been approved by the CFTC under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, any U.S. 
federal or state banking authority or any other U.S. or foreign regulatory authority.  
The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee 
have not been registered under the rules of the OCC. The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. and the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee may also be offered or sold in reliance upon the 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 3(a)(2) thereof 
and will be offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the OCC 
(including, in the case of offers or sales outside the United States, in compliance with Regulation S as 
such regulation is incorporated into the regulations of the OCC pursuant to 12 C.F.R. Section 16.5(g)).  
Neither the SEC nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the Securities and 
the Guarantees or determined that this Base Prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to 
the contrary is a criminal offence. The OCC has not approved or disapproved of the Securities issued by

--- Page 798 ---
Subscription and Sale 
785 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee or determined that this Base 
Prospectus is accurate or complete.  
JPMCFC has not registered, and does not intend to register, as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act. 
JPMSP has not registered, and does not intend to register, as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act.  
Accordingly, the Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. Person at any time nor 
offered, sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised or redeemed at any time within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person; provided, however, that this 
restriction shall not apply to a U.S. Person that is an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities 
Act) of the Issuer. In this Base Prospectus, the term "U.S. Person" means any person which is a "U.S. 
person" as defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S or a "United States person" as defined in Section 
7701(a)(30) of the Code and Treasury regulations thereunder (as may be amended from time to time), as 
the context requires.  
Hedging transactions involving "equity securities" of "domestic issuers" (as each such term is defined in 
the Securities Act and regulations thereunder) may be conducted only in compliance with the Securities 
Act, and hedging transactions must be conducted only in compliance with the Commodity Exchange 
Act. 
The Securities are being offered and sold outside of the United States in reliance on the registration 
exemption contained in Regulation S and, with respect to CREST CDI Securities, also provided that the 
persons to whom the Securities are offered and sold have entered into, and remain in compliance with, 
an Investor Letter of Representations. Accordingly, the Dealers have represented and agreed in the 
Programme Agreement, and any other Dealer who is appointed by the relevant Issuer in connection with 
an issue of a Series of Securities, will represent and agree, that it, its affiliates, and any person acting on 
its or their behalf has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell such Securities at any time, directly or 
indirectly within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person that is not an 
affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer.  
The Dealers further have represented and agreed in the Programme Agreement, and any other Dealer 
who is appointed by the relevant Issuer in connection with an issue of a Series of Securities will represent 
and agree that it, its affiliates, and any person acting on its or their behalf has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell such Securities at any time except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities 
Act, and that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will 
engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to such Securities, and it and they have complied and 
will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. The terms used in this paragraph 
and the preceding paragraphs (other than the term "U.S. Person" as defined above) have the meanings 
given to them under Regulation S. 
The Dealers have also agreed in the Programme Agreement, and any other Dealer who is appointed by 
the relevant Issuer in connection with an issue of a Series of Securities will agree, that, at or prior to 
confirmation of a sale of such Securities, it, its affiliates, and any person acting on its or their behalf will 
have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration 
that purchases such Securities and, in relation to Securities issued by JPMCFC or JPMSP, the relevant 
Guarantee from it (whether upon original issuance or in any secondary transaction) a written 
confirmation or notice stating that the purchaser is subject to the same restrictions on offers and sales 
and setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of such Securities within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person. 
Each holder and legal and beneficial owner will be deemed on purchase to agree that the relevant Issuer, 
the relevant Guarantor (in relation to Securities issued by JPMCFC or JPMSP), the Relevant Programme 
Agent, the Registrar, the Arranger, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and 
accuracy of the acknowledgements, representations and agreements made by such holder and legal and 
beneficial owner (as applicable) in this Base Prospectus. 
The Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. Person at any time; provided, 
however, that this restriction shall not apply to a U.S. Person that is an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405

--- Page 799 ---
Subscription and Sale 
786 
under the Securities Act) of the Issuer. Each holder and each legal and beneficial owner of a Security 
that is not an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer, as a condition to 
purchasing such Security or any legal or beneficial interest therein, will be deemed to represent on 
purchase that (A) neither it nor any person for whose account or benefit the Securities are being purchased 
(i) is located in the United States, (ii) is a U.S. Person that is not an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under 
the Securities Act) of the Issuer or (iii) was solicited to purchase the Securities while present in the United 
States and (B) it shall not offer, sell, transfer, pledge, assign, deliver, exercise or redeem any of such 
Securities or any interest therein at any time, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the 
account, or benefit of, any U.S. Person that is not an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities 
Act) of the Issuer. 
All Warrants 
With respect to all Warrants, each holder and each legal and beneficial owner of a Warrant will be 
deemed to agree on purchase that such person shall not engage in hedging transactions with regard to the 
Warrants unless in compliance with the Securities Act and Commodity Exchange Act. 
All Securities upon exercise or redemption of which equity securities may be deliverable 
Upon purchase of all Securities upon exercise or redemption of which equity securities may be 
deliverable, each holder and each legal and beneficial owner of such Securities is deemed to have 
represented and agreed that: 
(i)
it will not exercise or redeem the Securities, and it understands and acknowledges that the 
securities to be delivered upon exercise or redemption may not be delivered, within the United 
States or to, or the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person;  
(ii)
it will only engage in hedging transactions with respect to the Securities and the securities to be 
delivered upon exercise or redemption of the Securities in compliance with the Securities Act 
and Commodity Exchange Act; and 
(iii)
it understands and acknowledges that the Securities will bear a legend setting out the applicable 
selling restrictions under the Securities Act and the representations it is deemed to have made 
as a condition to purchasing such Security or any legal or beneficial interest therein. 
ERISA Restrictions 
Each Security must comply with the legends and restrictions described in "Purchaser representations 
and requirements and transfer restrictions – ERISA Legends and ERISA Restrictions" below. 
Disclaimer 
As a result of the foregoing restrictions, purchasers of Securities are advised to consult legal counsel 
prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Securities. 
No offers, sales, re-sales or deliveries of any Securities, or distribution of any offering material relating 
to any Securities, may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in circumstances which will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not impose any obligation on 
JPMCFC, JPMSP, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co.

--- Page 800 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
787 
PURCHASER REPRESENTATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS AND TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS 
The Securities, the Guarantees and, in certain instances, the securities to be delivered upon redemption 
or exercise of the Securities, if any, have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or 
the laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Trading in the Securities and the 
Guarantees has not been approved by the CFTC under the Commodity Exchange Act.  
The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee 
have not been registered under the rules of the OCC. The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. and the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee may also be offered or sold in reliance upon the 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 3(a)(2) thereof 
and will be offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the OCC 
(including, in the case of offers or sales outside the United States, in compliance with Regulation S as 
such regulation is incorporated into the regulations of the OCC pursuant to 12 C.F.R. Section 16.5(g)).  
The Securities may not be offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws. 
Hedging transactions involving "equity securities" of "domestic issuers" (as each such term is defined in 
the Securities Act and regulations thereunder) may be conducted only in compliance with the Securities 
Act, and hedging transactions must be conducted only in compliance with the Commodity Exchange 
Act. 
Securities are being offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act 
provided by Regulation S and may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. Person at any time 
nor offered, sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised or redeemed at any time within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person; provided, however, that this restriction 
shall not apply to a U.S. Person that is an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of 
the Issuer. As used in this section, the term "U.S. Person" means any person which is a "U.S. person" as 
defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S (as may be amended from time to time) or any person which is a 
"United States person" as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code and Treasury regulations thereunder 
(as may be amended from time to time, as the context requires. 
In addition, where Notes or Certificates issued by JPMCFC, JPMSP or JPMorgan Chase Bank are being 
offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by 
Regulation S and where the relevant Issue Terms specify "ECI Holder Restrictions" to be applicable, the 
Securities may not at any time be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. Person or by any non-U.S. 
Person whose income, gain or loss, if any, or the Notes or Certificates (if applicable) would be effectively 
connected with a U.S. trade or business (an "ECI Holder").  
In addition to the purchaser representations and requirements and transfer restrictions (the "Purchaser 
representations and requirements and transfer restrictions") described in this section, the 
distribution restrictions imposed by this Base Prospectus and the relevant Issue Terms in certain 
jurisdictions and the offering or sale of Securities to which the relevant Issue Terms relates in such 
jurisdictions may be further restricted by law. Persons into whose possession such documents come are 
required by the Issuer, the Dealer and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restriction. This Base Prospectus and the relevant Issue Terms are not intended to constitute an offer or 
solicitation for the purchase or sale of Securities in any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation would 
violate the laws of such jurisdiction. 
Investor Letter of Representations - CREST CDI Securities: 
Purchasers and subsequent transferees of CREST CDI Securities (whether represented in global or 
definitive form) will be required to execute and deliver to the Dealer for the benefit of each of the Dealer, 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Guarantor (if applicable) (together with their respective affiliates and 
control persons), a letter of representation (such letter, for the benefit of such parties, an "Investor Letter 
of Representations") prior to agreeing to purchase any such Securities. 
The Investor Letter of Representations will be in the form approved by the Dealer, and shall (unless 
otherwise required by the Dealer in relation to any particular Securities) contain, among other 
representations, the following purchaser representations:

--- Page 801 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
788 
1.
Neither we nor any person(s) on whose behalf or for whose account or benefit we are acting are 
(a) U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S ("Regulation S") under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act")) or (b) resident or otherwise located in the 
United States. If we are acquiring the Securities on behalf of, or for the account or benefit of, 
one or more investor accounts for which we exercise investment discretion, we have full power 
and authority to exercise such investment discretion and to make, and do so make, the 
representations, warranties, agreements and acknowledgements herein on behalf of such 
investor. 
2.
Any Securities we acquire will be for our own account (or for accounts of an investor for which 
we exercise sole investment discretion) for investment purposes, and not with a view to resale 
or distribution, directly or indirectly, in the United States or otherwise in violation of the U.S. 
securities laws, subject to the understanding that the disposition of our property shall at all times 
be and remain within our control.  
3.
Other than pursuant to paragraph 2, we shall not hold the Securities for the benefit of any other 
person and shall be the sole beneficial owner thereof for all purposes and shall not sell 
participation interests in the Securities or enter into any other arrangement pursuant to which 
any other person shall be entitled to a beneficial interest in the distributions on the Securities. 
4.
We understand that the Securities are being offered in a transaction not involving any public 
offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act and that the Securities 
have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. We are acquiring the 
Securities in an "offshore transaction" (as such term is defined in Regulation S). We 
acknowledge and agree that we are not acquiring the Securities as a result of any directed selling 
efforts (as that term is defined in Regulation S) and that our purchase of the Securities is not 
part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
5.
We agree that any reoffer, resale, pledge, assignment or other transfer of the Securities shall 
only be made with the prior written consent of the Dealer in an offshore transaction in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act to a person that 
has executed and agrees to remain at all times during which it holds the Securities in compliance 
with an investor letter in substantially the form as this letter. 
6.
We represent that: 
(1)
(A) 
we are not (a) an "employee benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(3) of Title I of 
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) 
that is subject to the fiduciary responsibilities provisions of ERISA, (b) a "plan" 
as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the "Code"), that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (c) any entity 
whose underlying assets include "plan assets" by reason of any such employee 
benefit plan's or plan's investment in the entity or (d) a "benefit plan investor" as 
such term is otherwise defined in Section 3(42) of ERISA or any regulations 
promulgated by the U.S. Department of Labor thereunder; or  
(B) 
if (i) we are an insurance company acting on behalf of our general account, (ii) 
we are not a person who has discretionary authority or control with respect to the 
assets of the Issuer or a person who provides investment advice for a fee (direct 
or indirect) with respect to such assets, or any affiliate of such a person, (iii) as of 
the date we acquire and throughout the period we hold the Securities, or any 
interest therein, less than 25 per cent. of the assets of such general account 
constitutes "plan assets" (as defined in 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as modified 
by Section 3(42) of ERISA) for purposes of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the 
Code, (iv) we agree that if, after our initial acquisition of the Securities, or any 
interest therein, at any time during any month, 25 per cent. or more of the assets 
of such general account constitute "plan assets", then we shall, in a manner 
consistent with the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, dispose of the 
Securities, or any interest therein, held in our general account by the end of the 
next following month, and (v) the acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition

--- Page 802 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
789 
of the Securities, or any interest therein, will not constitute or result in a prohibited 
transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code which is not covered under 
PTCE 95-60 or some other applicable exemption; and  
(2)
if we are a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan which is subject to any federal, 
state, local or non-U.S. law similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code, (A) we are not, and for so long as we hold such Security or interest 
therein will not be, subject to any federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other law or regulation 
that could cause the underlying assets of the Issuer to be treated as assets of the investor 
in any Security (or any interest therein) by virtue of its interest and thereby subject the 
Issuer or any person responsible for the investment and operation of the Issuer's assets to 
laws or regulations that are similar to the fiduciary responsibility or prohibited 
transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, and (B) our acquisition, 
holding and subsequent disposition of such Securities will not constitute or result in a 
non-exempt violation under any such similar federal, state, local or non-U.S. law. We 
understand and acknowledge that each of the Issuer and the Guarantor shall have no 
obligation to recognise any offer, sale, pledge, assignment, delivery or other transfer of 
the Securities made other than in compliance with the consent requirements and 
restrictions on transfer set forth and described herein.  
(3)
We understand and agree that if any purported transfer of the Securities to a purchaser 
does not comply with such requirement, the Issuer will have the right to either cause the 
Securities to be sold to an acquirer selected by the Issuer that certifies to the Issuer that 
it meets the required criteria, pending which transfer no further payments will be made 
on the Securities, or give notice to the holder of the Securities that the Securities will be 
redeemed at the Early Payment Amount.  
7.
We understand that the global certificate representing the Securities will bear the following 
legend: 
"THIS SECURITY AND THE GUARANTEE IN RESPECT HEREOF AND, IN CERTAIN 
INSTANCES, THE SECURITIES TO BE DELIVERED UPON EXERCISE OR 
REDEMPTION OF THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") NOR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES. THE GUARANTEE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED 
UNDER THE RULES OF THE U.S. COMPTROLLER OF THE CURRENCY (THE "OCC"). 
THIS SECURITY AND THE GUARANTEE IN RESPECT HEREOF AND, IF 
APPLICABLE, ANY SECURITIES TO BE DELIVERED UPON EXERCISE OR 
REDEMPTION OF THIS SECURITY ARE ONLY BEING OFFERED AND SOLD 
PURSUANT TO THE REGISTRATION EXEMPTION CONTAINED IN REGULATION S 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S") OR IN RELIANCE UPON THE 
REGISTRATION EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY SECTION 3(a)(2) OF THE SECURITIES 
ACT AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE OCC (INCLUDING, IN THE CASE OF OFFERS OR SALES 
OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES, IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S AS SUCH 
REGULATION IS INCORPORATED INTO THE REGULATIONS OF THE OCC 
PURSUANT TO 12 C.F.R. SECTION 16.5(g)), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT AT ANY 
TIME BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED, DELIVERED, 
EXERCISED OR REDEEMED IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON (MEANING ANY "U.S. PERSON" AS 
DEFINED IN RULE 902(k) OF REGULATION S OR ANY "UNITED STATES PERSON" 
AS DEFINED IN SECTION 7701(a)(30) OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED, AND TREASURY REGULATIONS THEREUNDER)"  
8.
We understand that we will not be a legal or beneficial owner of Securities, but that we will 
instead hold dematerialised CREST depository interests ("CDIs") which are issued, held, settled 
and transferred through CREST, representing an indirect interest only in the Securities. We 
further understand that (i) CDIs are separate legal instruments from the Securities, which are 
issued by CREST Depository Limited and represent indirect interests in the interests of the

--- Page 803 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
790 
nominee for the CREST Depository Limited in the Securities, and (ii) we have read and 
understood the risks in relation to CDIs as set out in "Book-Entry Clearing Systems" in the Base 
Prospectus. 
9.
We confirm and agree that we and any investors for whose account or benefit or on whose behalf 
we are acting have satisfied, and will satisfy, any and all requirements and restrictions relating 
to the Securities set forth in the section "Subscription and Sale" of the Base Prospectus in 
relation to our purchase of Securities and any subsequent offer or sale made by us of the 
Securities. 
10.
We 
understand 
that 
the 
foregoing 
representations, 
warranties, 
agreements 
and 
acknowledgements are required in connection with U.S. and other securities laws and that the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer and their respective affiliates, and any broker, dealer, placing 
agent or distributor that may be acting in connection with the issuance of the Securities outside 
the United States, and their respective affiliates, and others are entitled to rely upon the truth 
and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements and acknowledgements contained 
herein. 
11.
We agree that, if at any time any of the representations, warranties, agreements, 
acknowledgments or understandings made or given in this letter are no longer true, whether with 
respect to ourselves or with respect to any investor for whose account or benefit or on whose 
behalf we are purchasing or holding the Securities, we will (i) promptly inform the Dealer and 
(ii) until such time as we have re-executed and re-delivered an investor letter in substantially 
the form of this letter, we will not purchase any further CREST CDI Securities.  
12.
We confirm that, to the extent we are purchasing the Securities for the account of one or more 
other persons, (a) we have been duly authorised to sign this letter and make the confirmations, 
understandings, acknowledgements and agreements set forth herein on their behalf and (b) the 
provisions of this letter constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of us and any other person 
for whose account we are acting.  
13.
We irrevocably authorise the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer, their respective affiliates, any 
broker, dealer, placing agent or distributor, and their respective affiliates and any person acting 
on their behalf to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any administrative 
or legal proceedings, dispute or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. 
14.
The terms and provisions of this letter shall inure to the benefit of the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the Dealer and their successors and permitted assigns, and the terms and provisions hereof shall 
be binding on our permitted successors in title, permitted assigns and permitted transferees. 
15.
We agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealer as well as 
their officers, director, employees, advisors, agents and controlling persons (each, an 
"Indemnified Person") from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, judgments, 
liabilities and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses (including the cost of 
any investigation and preparation), when and as incurred by such Indemnified Person, resulting 
from or arising out of or related to a breach of any representation, warranty or agreement made 
in this letter by us on our own behalf or on behalf of any investor for whose account or benefit 
or on whose behalf we are purchasing or holding the Securities. 
16.
We hereby represent and warrant that all necessary actions have been taken to empower and 
authorise the purchase by us of the Securities and the execution of this letter. 
ERISA Legends and ERISA Restrictions 
Each purchaser of any Securities hereunder shall be deemed to make the following acknowledgements, 
representations, warranties and agreements in relation to the applicable Securities as set forth below (and 
the applicable acknowledgements, representations, warranties and agreements shall be set out in each 
Investor Letter of Representations): 
(a)
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. issued Securities: With respect to each 
Security issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co., each purchaser 
acknowledges, represents, warrants and agrees with the following:

--- Page 804 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
791 
With respect to each Security issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase 
& Co., it shall not acquire, hold or subsequently dispose of such Security for, on behalf 
of, or with the assets of any "employee benefit plan" subject to the fiduciary 
responsibility provisions of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended ("ERISA") or any "plan" subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or an entity part or all of the assets of 
which constitute assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan by reason of 
Department of Labor Regulation Section 2510.3 101, Section 3(42) of ERISA or 
otherwise (each a "Plan") or any governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan subject 
to any federal, state, local or non-U.S. law similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code, unless such acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition of the 
Security will not constitute or result in any non-exempt prohibited transaction under 
Section 406 of ERISA or under Section 4975 of the Code (or in the case of a 
governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan, a non-exempt violation of any similar 
federal, state, local or non-U.S. law). Any fiduciary of a Plan acquiring a Security in 
reliance upon the statutory "service provider exemption" under Section 408(b)(17) of 
ERISA or Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code represents and warrants at the time of the 
Plan's acquisition and throughout the period the Plan holds the Security that (x) the Plan 
fiduciary has made a good faith determination that the Plan is paying no more than, and 
is receiving no less than, adequate consideration in connection with the transaction and 
(y) none of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any of its affiliates exercises discretionary 
authority or control or renders investment advice with respect to the assets of the Plan 
which the fiduciary is using to acquire the Security. 
each Security issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. shall 
bear the following legend: 
THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND SUBSEQUENT DISPOSITION OF THIS 
SECURITY BY, OR ON BEHALF OF, OR WITH THE ASSETS OF ANY 
"EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" SUBJECT TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY 
PROVISIONS OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT 
OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), OR ANY "PLAN" SUBJECT TO SECTION 
4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE 
"CODE"), OR AN ENTITY PART OR ALL OF THE ASSETS OF WHICH 
CONSTITUTE ASSETS OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN 
BY REASON OF DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATION SECTION 2510.3-101, 
SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA OR OTHERWISE (EACH A "PLAN") OR ANY 
GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S., OR OTHER PLAN SUBJECT TO ANY 
FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF 
ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE IS PROHIBITED UNLESS SUCH 
ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND SUBSEQUENT DISPOSITION OF THE 
SECURITY WOULD NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN ANY NON-EXEMPT 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR UNDER 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (OR IN THE CASE OF A GOVERNMENTAL, 
CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN, A NON-EXEMPT VIOLATION OF ANY 
SIMILAR FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW). ANY FIDUCIARY OF 
A PLAN ACQUIRING A SECURITY IN RELIANCE UPON THE STATUTORY 
"SERVICE PROVIDER EXEMPTION" UNDER SECTION 408(b)(17) OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975(d)(20) OF THE CODE WILL REPRESENT AND WARRANT OR 
WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED, AS 
APPLICABLE, AT THE TIME OF THE PLAN'S ACQUISITION AND 
THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD THE PLAN HOLDS THE SECURITY THAT (X) THE 
PLAN FIDUCIARY HAS MADE A GOOD FAITH DETERMINATION THAT THE 
PLAN IS PAYING NO MORE THAN, AND IS RECEIVING NO LESS THAN, 
ADEQUATE CONSIDERATION IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTION 
AND (Y) NONE OF JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES 
EXERCISES DISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY OR CONTROL OR RENDERS 
INVESTMENT ADVICE WITH RESPECT TO THE ASSETS OF THE PLAN WHICH 
THE FIDUCIARY IS USING TO ACQUIRE THE SECURITY. IF ANY PURPORTED 
TRANSFER OF THE SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, TO AN

--- Page 805 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
792 
ACQUIRER 
OR 
TRANSFEREE 
DOES 
NOT 
COMPLY 
WITH 
THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF THIS PARAGRAPH, THE ISSUER MAY, AT ITS 
DISCRETION, CAUSE SUCH SECURITY TO BE SOLD OR GIVE NOTICE TO THE 
TRANSFEREE THAT SUCH SECURITY WILL BE REDEEMED. EACH 
BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THIS SECURITY IN PHYSICAL FORM WILL BE 
REQUIRED TO EXECUTE AN INVESTOR LETTER OF REPRESENTATIONS OR 
WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE MADE THE ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS, 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS SET FORTH IN SUCH 
LETTER. 
(b)
JPMCFC/JPMSP Standard Restrictions: With respect to each Security issued by JPMSP, where 
the relevant Issue Terms provide that "JPMSP Standard Restrictions apply" (or where the 
relevant Issue Terms are silent as to whether "JPMSP Standard Restrictions apply" or "JPMSP 
Special Restrictions apply") or with respect to each Security issued by JPMCFC, where the 
relevant Issue Terms provide that the "JPMCFC Standard Restrictions apply" (or where the 
relevant Issue Terms are silent as to whether "JPMCFC Standard Restrictions apply" or 
"JPMCFC Special Restrictions apply"), in each case, it acknowledges, represents, warrants and 
agrees with the following: 
With respect to the acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition of each Security 
issued by JPMCFC or JPMSP, (1) (A) it is not (a) an "employee benefit plan" (as defined 
in Section 3(3) of Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended ("ERISA")) that is subject to the fiduciary responsibilities provisions of 
ERISA, (b) a "plan" as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (c) any 
entity whose underlying assets include "plan assets" by reason of any such employee 
benefit plan's or plan's investment in the entity or (d) a "benefit plan investor" as such 
term is otherwise defined in Section 3(42) of ERISA or in any regulations promulgated 
by the U.S. Department of Labor thereunder or (B) (i) it is an insurance company acting 
on behalf of its general account, (ii) it is not a person who has discretionary authority or 
control with respect to the assets of the Issuer or a person who provides investment advice 
for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets, or any affiliate of such a person, 
(iii) as of the date it acquires and throughout the period it holds the Security, or any 
interest therein, less than 25 per cent. of the assets of such general account constitutes 
"plan assets" (as defined in 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) 
of ERISA) for purposes of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code, (iv) it agrees that if, 
after its initial acquisition of the Security, or any interest therein, at any time during any 
month, 25 per cent. or more of the assets of such general account constitute "plan assets", 
then such insurance company shall, in a manner consistent with the restrictions on 
transfer set forth herein, dispose of the Security, or any interest therein, held in its general 
account by the end of the next following month, and (v) the acquisition, holding and 
subsequent disposition of the Security, or any interest therein, will not constitute or result 
in a prohibited transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code which is not 
covered under PTCE 95-60 or some other applicable exemption; and (2) if it is a 
governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan which is subject to any federal, state, local 
or non-U.S. law similar to the provision of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the 
Code, (A) it is not, and for so long as it holds such Security or interest therein will not 
be, subject to any federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other law or regulation that could 
cause the underlying assets of the Issuer to be treated as assets of the investor in any 
Security (or any interest therein) by virtue of its interest and thereby subject the Issuer or 
any person responsible for the investment and operation of the Issuer's assets to laws or 
regulations that are similar to the fiduciary responsibility or prohibited transaction 
provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, and (B) its acquisition, holding and 
subsequent disposition of such Security will not constitute or result in a non-exempt 
violation under any such similar federal, state, local or non-U.S. law. 
each Security issued by JPMSP where the relevant Issue Terms provide that the "JPMSP 
Standard Restrictions apply" (or where the relevant Issue Terms are silent as to whether 
"JPMSP Standard Restrictions apply" or "JPMSP Special Restrictions apply" with 
respect to such Security) and each Security issued by JPMCFC where the relevant Issue 
Terms provide that the "JPMCFC Standard Restrictions apply" (or where the relevant

--- Page 806 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
793 
Issue Terms are silent as to whether "JPMCFC Standard Restrictions apply" or "JPMCFC 
Special Restrictions apply" with respect to such Security) shall bear the following legend: 
BY ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR SUBSEQUENT DISPOSITION OF THIS 
SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, THE ACQUIRER AND/OR HOLDER 
THEREOF AND EACH TRANSFEREE WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED AT THE TIME OF ITS ACQUISITION AND 
THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD THAT IT HOLDS SUCH SECURITY THAT (1) (A) 
IT IS NOT AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF 
THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED 
("ERISA")) 
THAT 
IS 
SUBJECT 
TO 
THE 
FIDUCIARY 
RESPONSIBILITY PROVISIONS OF ERISA, A PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 
4975(e)(1) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED 
(THE "CODE"), THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, ANY 
ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" BY 
REASON OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR PLAN'S 
INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY OR THAT IS OTHERWISE A "BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR" AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA OR IN 
ANY REGULATIONS PROMULGATED BY THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR 
THEREUNDER OR (B) (I) IT IS AN INSURANCE COMPANY ACTING ON 
BEHALF OF ITS GENERAL ACCOUNT, (II) IT IS NOT A PERSON WHO HAS 
DISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY OR CONTROL WITH RESPECT TO THE 
ASSETS OF THE ISSUER OR A PERSON WHO PROVIDES INVESTMENT 
ADVICE FOR A FEE (DIRECT OR INDIRECT) WITH RESPECT TO SUCH ASSETS 
OR AN AFFILIATE OF SUCH A PERSON, (III) AS OF THE DATE IT ACQUIRES 
AND THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD IT HOLDS A SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST 
THEREIN, LESS THAN 25 PER CENT. OF THE ASSETS OF SUCH GENERAL 
ACCOUNT CONSTITUTES "PLAN ASSETS" (AS DEFINED IN 29 C.F.R. SECTION 
2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA), (IV) IT AGREES THAT 
IF, AFTER ITS INITIAL ACQUISITION OF A SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST 
THEREIN, AT ANY TIME DURING ANY MONTH, 25 PER CENT. OR MORE OF 
THE ASSETS OF SUCH GENERAL ACCOUNT CONSTITUTES "PLAN ASSETS", 
THEN SUCH INSURANCE COMPANY SHALL, IN A MANNER CONSISTENT 
WITH THE RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SET FORTH HEREIN, DISPOSE OF 
THE SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, HELD IN ITS GENERAL 
ACCOUNT BY THE END OF THE NEXT FOLLOWING MONTH, AND (V) THE 
ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR SUBSEQUENT DISPOSITION OF SUCH 
SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR 
RESULT IN A PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA 
OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE WHICH IS NOT COVERED UNDER 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION CLASS EXEMPTION 95-60 OR SOME OTHER 
APPLICABLE EXEMPTION, AND (2) IF IT IS A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, 
NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN WHICH IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, 
LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW THAT IS SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, (A) IT IS NOT, AND 
FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS SUCH SECURITY OR INTEREST THEREIN WILL 
NOT BE, SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER 
LAW OR REGULATION THAT COULD CAUSE THE UNDERLYING ASSETS OF 
THE ISSUER TO BE TREATED AS ASSETS OF THE INVESTOR IN ANY 
SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) BY VIRTUE OF ITS INTEREST AND 
THEREBY SUBJECT THE ISSUER OR ANY PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE 
INVESTMENT AND OPERATION OF THE ISSUER'S ASSETS TO LAWS OR 
REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY 
OR PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE, AND (B) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR SUBSEQUENT 
DISPOSITION OF SUCH SECURITY WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A 
NON-EXEMPT VIOLATION UNDER SUCH SIMILAR FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL 
OR NON-U.S. LAW. IF ANY PURPORTED TRANSFER OF THE SECURITY, OR 
ANY INTEREST THEREIN, TO AN ACQUIRER OR TRANSFEREE DOES NOT 
COMPLY WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF THIS PARAGRAPH, THE ISSUER

--- Page 807 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
794 
MAY, AT ITS DISCRETION, CAUSE SUCH SECURITY TO BE SOLD OR GIVE 
NOTICE TO THE TRANSFEREE THAT SUCH SECURITY WILL BE REDEEMED. 
EACH BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THIS SECURITY IN PHYSICAL FORM WILL BE 
REQUIRED TO EXECUTE AN INVESTOR LETTER OF REPRESENTATIONS OR 
WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE MADE THE ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS, 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS SET FORTH IN SUCH 
LETTER.  
(c)
JPMCFC/JPMSP Special Restrictions: With respect to each Security issued by JPMSP where 
the relevant Issue Terms provide that the "JPMSP Special Restrictions apply" (which shall be 
the case only where the Issuer has satisfied itself that such Security does not constitute an equity 
interest for purposes of ERISA) or with respect to each Security issued by JPMCFC where the 
relevant Issue Terms provide that the "JPMCFC Special Restrictions apply" (which shall be the 
case only where the relevant Issuer has satisfied itself that such Security does not constitute an 
equity interest for purposes of ERISA), in each case, it acknowledges, represents, warrants and 
agrees with the following: 
With respect to the acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition of each Security 
issued by JPMCFC or JPMSP, it shall not acquire, hold or subsequently dispose of such 
Security for, on behalf of, or with the assets of any "employee benefit plan" subject to 
the fiduciary responsibility provisions of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") or any "plan" subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or an entity part or all of the 
assets of which constitute assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan by reason of 
Department of Labor Regulation Section 2510.3-101, Section 3(42) of ERISA or 
otherwise (each a "Plan") or any governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan subject 
to any federal, state, local or non-U.S. law similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code, unless such acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition of the 
Security will not constitute or result in any non-exempt prohibited transaction under 
Section 406 of ERISA or under Section 4975 of the Code (or in the case of a 
governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan, a non-exempt violation of any similar 
federal, state, local or non-U.S. law). Any fiduciary of a Plan acquiring a Security in 
reliance upon the statutory "service provider exemption" under Section 408(b)(17) of 
ERISA or Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code represents and warrants at the time of the 
Plan's acquisition and throughout the period the Plan holds the Security that (x) the Plan 
fiduciary has made a good faith determination that the Plan is paying no more than, and 
is receiving no less than, adequate consideration in connection with the transaction and 
(y) none of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any of its affiliates exercises discretionary 
authority or control or renders investment advice with respect to the assets of the Plan 
which the fiduciary is using to acquire the Security. 
Each Security issued by JPMSP where the relevant Issue Terms provide that the "JPMSP 
Special Restrictions apply" (which shall be the case only where the relevant Issuer has 
satisfied itself that such Security does not constitute an equity interest for purposes of 
ERISA) and each Security issued by JPMCFC where the relevant Issue Terms provide 
that the "JPMCFC Special Restrictions apply" (which shall be the case only where the 
Issuer has satisfied itself that such Security does not constitute an equity interest for 
purposes of ERISA) shall bear the following legend: 
THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND SUBSEQUENT DISPOSITION OF THIS 
SECURITY BY, OR ON BEHALF OF, OR WITH THE ASSETS OF ANY 
"EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" SUBJECT TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY 
PROVISIONS OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT 
OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), OR ANY "PLAN" SUBJECT TO SECTION 
4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE 
"CODE"), OR AN ENTITY PART OR ALL OF THE ASSETS OF WHICH 
CONSTITUTE ASSETS OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN 
BY REASON OF DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATION SECTION 2510.3-101, 
SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA OR OTHERWISE (EACH A "PLAN") OR ANY 
GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S., OR OTHER PLAN SUBJECT TO ANY 
FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF

--- Page 808 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
795 
ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE IS PROHIBITED UNLESS SUCH 
ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND SUBSEQUENT DISPOSITION OF THE 
SECURITY WOULD NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN ANY NON-EXEMPT 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR UNDER 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (OR IN THE CASE OF A GOVERNMENTAL, 
CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN, A NON-EXEMPT VIOLATION OF ANY 
SIMILAR FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW). ANY FIDUCIARY OF 
A PLAN ACQUIRING A SECURITY IN RELIANCE UPON THE STATUTORY 
"SERVICE PROVIDER EXEMPTION" UNDER SECTION 408(b)(17) OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975(d)(20) OF THE CODE WILL REPRESENT AND WARRANT OR 
WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED, AS 
APPLICABLE, AT THE TIME OF THE PLAN'S ACQUISITION AND 
THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD THE PLAN HOLDS THE SECURITY THAT (X) THE 
PLAN FIDUCIARY HAS MADE A GOOD FAITH DETERMINATION THAT THE 
PLAN IS PAYING NO MORE THAN, AND IS RECEIVING NO LESS THAN, 
ADEQUATE CONSIDERATION IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTION 
AND (Y) NONE OF JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES 
EXERCISES DISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY OR CONTROL OR RENDERS 
INVESTMENT ADVICE WITH RESPECT TO THE ASSETS OF THE PLAN WHICH 
THE FIDUCIARY IS USING TO ACQUIRE THE SECURITY. IF ANY PURPORTED 
TRANSFER OF THE SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, TO AN 
ACQUIRER 
OR 
TRANSFEREE 
DOES 
NOT 
COMPLY 
WITH 
THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF THIS PARAGRAPH, THE ISSUER MAY, AT ITS 
DISCRETION, CAUSE SUCH SECURITY TO BE SOLD OR GIVE NOTICE TO THE 
TRANSFEREE THAT SUCH SECURITY WILL BE REDEEMED. EACH 
BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THIS SECURITY IN PHYSICAL FORM WILL BE 
REQUIRED TO EXECUTE AN INVESTOR LETTER OF REPRESENTATIONS OR 
WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE MADE THE ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS, 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS SET FORTH IN SUCH 
LETTER. 
Representations relating to Securities that may be settled by Physical Settlement of Shares:  
In relation to the purchase by you of any Securities that may be settled by way of Physical Settlement of 
underlying shares of a company ("Company"), you (where you are not an individual, including, for the 
purpose of the representations below, each of your affiliates) are deemed to represent to each of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealer and, in any Reference Asset Transfer Notice ("Notice") to be 
provided by you prior to the Physical Settlement to you of any shares, you will represent, as of the date 
of the Notice and as of the date on which the shares are to be delivered, as follows (subject to certain 
minor changes in the terms of the Notice as the context requires) (an "Equity Certification"):  
you are not aware of any non-public information that would likely have a significant effect on 
the price of such shares; 
you will not take any action in connection with such shares with the express intention of 
affecting the price (including the value) of the shares (including having an intention to raise, 
depress, peg or stabilise the price of such shares) or of creating a false or misleading appearance 
of active trading in the shares of the Company; 
you are fully responsible for complying with, and will at all times fully comply with, all 
applicable laws and regulations in all applicable jurisdictions with regard to your Share 
Exposure (as defined below), including, without limitation, those obligations with regard to 
disclosure and reporting under all relevant laws and rules governing the listing of such shares 
in the Company, and, in entering into any transaction with respect to such shares (including 
purchasing the Securities), you will not breach any provisions of any applicable laws and 
regulations and exchange rules in all applicable jurisdictions;  
you will not attempt to, directly or indirectly, apply the Share Exposure to direct or cause the 
direction of the management and policies of the Company or otherwise influence the Company 
(which shall not, for the avoidance of doubt, prohibit the mere voting of any shares you hold);

--- Page 809 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
796 
you are acting for your own account and you have made your own independent decision to 
purchase the Securities, including as to whether an investment in the Securities is appropriate 
or proper for you based upon your own due diligence and judgment and upon advice from such 
tax, accounting, regulatory, legal and financial advisers as you have deemed necessary, and not 
upon any view expressed by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer or any of their affiliates; and 
where you are not an individual you have not been, at all times beginning at least three months 
prior to the date of purchase by you of the Securities, and will not be, at all times up to, and 
including the date of the Notice and the date on which the shares are delivered to you (if 
applicable), an Affiliate of the Company (as such phrase is defined below). 
For the purpose of the above:  
"Share Exposure" means the ownership of any interest (beneficial or otherwise) in such shares of the 
Company, including any direct ownership interest, any right to vote or direct the voting of such shares, 
and any interest arising out of any transaction, contractual relationship or position (including but not 
limited to any derivative transaction) pursuant to which you are entitled to receive an economic benefit 
based on the value of the shares in the Company; and 
"Affiliate of the Company" means an entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more 
intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company. 
Representations relating to certain Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMCC or JPMCB  
Where specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any investor 
that is tax resident in a country that does not have a tax treaty in place with the United States pursuant to 
which amounts payable under the Securities shall be exempt from U.S. withholding tax under the "other 
income" article or similar provision. You are deemed to represent to each of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) and the Dealer that, you (and any ultimate purchaser) will, upon request by, or on behalf of, 
the Issuer or an applicable withholding agent, furnish to the Issuer or applicable withholding agent, a 
properly completed IRS Form W-9 or, in the case of a person that is not a "United States person" as 
defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing 
an exemption from U.S. withholding tax on amounts payable under the Securities pursuant to the "other 
income" article or similar provision of an applicable treaty with the United States. 
Holder Acknowledgments for CNH Provisions 
Where the CNH Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each Holder shall 
be deemed, by its purchase of any Securities or its acceptance of transfer of any Securities to such Holder, 
to acknowledge and agree in favour of the Issuer that: 
all payments in Chinese Renminbi deliverable to a bank account in the Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China maintained in accordance with the 
prevailing laws and regulations ("Offshore CNY") will be made solely by transfer to an Offshore 
CNY bank account maintained in accordance with applicable laws and regulations at a bank in 
Hong Kong;  
Offshore CNY is not a freely convertible currency;  
there can be no assurance that access to Offshore CNY funds for the purposes of payments in 
relation to the Securities or generally may not remain or become restricted; and  
only the Calculation Agent will determine in good faith whether a Payment Disruption Event, 
currency disruption or other similar event has occurred and any applicable fallback in relation to 
the Securities.

--- Page 810 ---
Certain ERISA Considerations 
797 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), imposes certain 
requirements on "employee benefit plans" (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA and subject to Title I of 
ERISA), including entities such as collective investment funds and separate accounts whose underlying 
assets include the assets of such plans and on those persons who are fiduciaries with respect to such 
plans. Investments by such plans are subject to ERISA's general fiduciary requirements, including the 
requirement of investment prudence and diversification and the requirement that such plan's investments 
be made in accordance with the documents governing such plan. The prudence of a particular investment 
must be determined by the responsible fiduciary of such plan by taking into account such plan's particular 
circumstances and all of the facts and circumstances of the investment including, but not limited to, the 
matters discussed above under "Risk Factors" and the fact that in the future there may be no market in 
which such fiduciary will be able to sell or otherwise dispose of the Securities. 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of employee benefit plans (as defined in 
Section 3(3) of ERISA and subject to Title I of ERISA) as well as those plans that are not subject to 
ERISA but which are defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, 
such as individual retirement accounts and entities part or all of the assets of which constitute assets of 
any such employee benefit plan or plan by reason of Department of Labor Regulation Section 2510.3-
101, Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise (collectively, "Plans") and certain persons (referred to as 
"parties in interest" or "disqualified persons") having certain relationships to such Plans, unless a 
statutory or administrative exemption is applicable to the transaction. A party in interest or disqualified 
person who engages in a prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and 
liabilities under ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code. 
U.S. Department of Labor regulation 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of 
ERISA (the "Plan Asset Regulations"), describes what constitutes the assets of a Plan with respect to 
the Plan's investment in an entity for purposes of certain provisions of ERISA and Section 4975 of the 
Code, including the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code. 
Under the Plan Asset Regulations, if a Plan invests in an "equity interest" of an entity that is neither a 
"publicly offered security" nor a security issued by an investment company registered under the 1940 
Act, the Plan's assets include both the equity interest and an undivided interest in each of the entity's 
underlying assets, unless it is established that the entity is an "operating company" or, as further discussed 
below, that equity participation in the entity by "benefit plan investors" is not "significant". 
Prohibited transactions within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code may 
arise if the Securities are acquired with the assets of a Plan with respect to which the relevant Issuer, the 
Dealer, the Arranger, the relevant Guarantor (in relation to Securities issued by JPMCFC or JPMSP), 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any of their respective affiliates, is a party in interest or a disqualified person. 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates are considered a party in interest or a disqualified person with 
respect to many Plans. Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of 
ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code may be applicable, however, depending in part on the type of Plan 
fiduciary making the decision to acquire a Security and the circumstances under which such decision is 
made. Included among these exemptions are Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption ("PTCE") 91-38 
(relating to investments by bank collective investment funds), PTCE 84-14 (relating to transactions 
effected by a "qualified professional asset manager"), PTCE 90-1 (relating to investments by insurance 
company pooled separate accounts), PTCE 95-60 (relating to investments by insurance company general 
accounts), and PTCE 96-23 (relating to transactions effected by in-house asset managers) (collectively, 
"Investor-Based Exemptions"). There is also a statutory exemption that may be available under Section 
408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code to a party in interest or disqualified person 
that is a service provider to a Plan investing in the Securities for adequate consideration, provided such 
service provider is not a fiduciary (or an affiliate of a fiduciary) who has or exercises any discretionary 
authority or control or renders investment advice with respect to the Plan's assets used to acquire the 
Securities (the "Service Provider Exemption"). Adequate consideration means fair market value as 
determined in good faith by the Plan fiduciary pursuant to regulations to be promulgated by the U.S. 
Department of Labor. There can be no assurance that any of these Investor-Based Exemptions or the 
Service Provider Exemption or any other administrative or statutory exemption will be available with 
respect to any particular transaction involving the Securities.

--- Page 811 ---
Certain ERISA Considerations 
798 
Governmental, certain church, non-U.S. and other plans, while not subject to the fiduciary responsibility 
or prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or the provisions of Section 4975 of the Code, may 
nevertheless be subject to state, local, federal or non-U.S. laws that are similar to the foregoing provisions 
of ERISA and the Code. Fiduciaries of any such plans should consult with their counsel before acquiring 
any Securities. 
The U.S. Supreme Court's decision, in John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Co. v. Harris Trust and 
Savings Bank, 510 U.S. 86 (1993) ("Harris Trust"), held that those funds allocated to the general 
account of an insurance company pursuant to a contract with an employee benefit plan that varies with 
the investment experience of the insurance company are "plan assets". The American Council of Life 
Insurance requested a prohibited transaction class exemption to counteract the effects of Harris Trust. In 
the preamble to the resulting Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption 95-60, 60 Fed. Reg. 35,925 (July 
12, 1995) ("PTCE 95-60"), the Department of Labor noted that for purposes of calculating the 25 per 
cent. threshold under the significant participation test of the Plan Asset Regulations, only the proportion 
of an insurance company general account's equity investment in the entity that represents plan assets 
should be taken into account. Furthermore, a change in the level of plan investment in a general account 
subsequent to the general account's acquisition of an equity interest in the entity would not, by itself, 
trigger a new determination of whether plan participation is significant. However, it is the Department 
of Labor's view that an acquisition by the general account of an additional equity interest in the entity 
subsequent to its initial investment or an acquisition of an equity interest in the entity by any investor 
subsequent to the general account's initial investment would require a new determination of significant 
plan participation. Although the Department of Labor has not specified how to determine the proportion 
of an insurance company general account that represents plan assets for purposes of the 25 per cent. 
threshold, they have, in the case of PTCE 95-60, provided a method for determining the percentage of 
an insurance company's general account held by the benefit plans of an employer and its affiliates by 
comparing the reserves and liabilities for the general account contracts held by such plans to the total 
reserves and liabilities of the general account (exclusive of separate account liabilities) plus surplus. 
However, there is no assurance that a similar measurement would be used for purposes of the 25 per cent. 
threshold. 
Any insurance company proposing to invest assets of its general account in Securities should consider 
the extent to which such investment would be subject to the requirements of Title I of ERISA and Section 
4975 of the Code in light of Harris Trust and the enactment of Section 401(c) of ERISA. In particular, 
such an insurance company should consider (i) the exemptive relief granted by the U.S. Department of 
Labor for transactions involving insurance company general accounts in PTCE 95-60 and (ii) if such 
exemptive relief is not available, whether its acquisition of Securities will be permissible under the final 
regulations issued under Section 401(c) of ERISA. The final regulations provide guidance on which 
assets held by an insurance company constitute "plan assets" for purposes of the fiduciary responsibility 
and prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code. The regulations do not 
exempt the assets of insurance company general accounts from treatment as "plan assets" to the extent 
they support certain participating annuities issued to Plans after 31 December 1998. 
Securities Issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
The Plan Asset Regulations define an "equity interest" as any interest in an entity other than an instrument 
that is treated as indebtedness under applicable local law and which has no substantial equity features. 
As mentioned above, if a Plan invests in an "equity interest" of an entity, the Plan's assets include both 
the equity interest and an undivided interest in each of the entity's underlying assets, unless the entity is 
an "operating company". An operating company is an entity engaged, directly or indirectly, in business 
activities involving the manufacture or sale of a product or service other than investment of capital. If a 
Security issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. is deemed to be an equity 
interest in the respective Issuer, an investment by a Plan in such equity interest should not result in such 
Plan having an undivided interest in either entity's assets because JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. should qualify as operating companies. In addition, a Security issued by 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. may constitute a debt interest or a notional 
principal contract, depending on the relevant form and terms of such Security. Therefore, a Security 
issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. may be acquired by a Plan. 
Nevertheless, without regard to whether such Security is considered a debt or equity interest or a notional 
principal contract, prohibited transactions within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 
of the Code may arise if such Security is acquired with the assets of a Plan with respect to which the 
relevant Issuer, or in certain circumstances, any of its respective affiliates, is a party in interest or a

--- Page 812 ---
Certain ERISA Considerations 
799 
disqualified person. The Investor-Based Exemptions or the Service Provider Exemption may be available 
to cover such prohibited transactions. 
By its acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition of any Security issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co., each acquirer and subsequent transferee thereof will be deemed to have 
represented and warranted, at the time of its acquisition and throughout the period it holds such Security, 
either that (a) it is neither a Plan nor a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan which is subject to 
any federal, state, local or non-U.S. law that is similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code or (b) its acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition of such Security will 
not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code (or, in the case of a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan, a non-exempt 
violation of any similar law). In addition, a Plan fiduciary relying on the Service Provider Exemption 
will be deemed to have represented and warranted at the time of the Plan's acquisition and throughout 
the period the Plan holds the Security that (x) the Plan fiduciary has made a good faith determination that 
the Plan is paying no more than, and is receiving no less than, adequate consideration in connection with 
the transaction and (y) none of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any of its affiliates exercises discretionary 
authority or control or renders investment advice with respect to the assets of the Plan which the fiduciary 
is using to acquire the Security, both of which are necessary preconditions to utilising this exemption. 
Any acquirer that is a Plan is encouraged to consult with counsel regarding the application of the above 
representations and warranties. If any purported transfer of a Security issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co., or any interest therein to an acquirer or transferee does not comply with 
the requirements specified in the applicable documents, the relevant Issuer may, at its discretion, cause 
such Security to be sold to an acquirer who meets the foregoing criteria or give notice to the transferee 
that such Security will be redeemed. 
Securities Issued by JPMCFC or JPMSP 
Generally equity participation in an entity by "benefit plan investors" is "significant" and will cause the 
assets of the entity to be deemed the assets of an investing Plan (in the absence of another applicable 
Plan Asset Regulations exception) if 25 per cent. or more of the value of any class of equity interest in 
such entity is held by "benefit plan investors" (the "25 per cent. Limit"). Under Section 3(42) of ERISA, 
employee benefit plans that are not subject to Title I of ERISA and plans that are not subject to Section 
4975 of the Code, such as U.S. governmental plans and certain church plans or non-U.S. plans, are not 
considered "benefit plan investors". Therefore, the term "benefit plan investor" includes (a) an "employee 
benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(3) of Title I of ERISA) that is subject to the fiduciary 
responsibilities provisions of ERISA, (b) a "plan" as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code that is 
subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (c) any entity whose underlying assets include "plan assets" by 
reason of any such employee benefit plan's or plan's investment in the entity or (d) any other "benefit 
plan investor" as such term is defined in Section 3(42) of ERISA or any regulations promulgated by the 
U.S. Department of Labor thereunder (collectively, "Benefit Plan Investors"). For purposes of making 
the 25 per cent. determination, the value of any equity interests held by a person (other than a Benefit 
Plan Investor) who has discretionary authority or control with respect to the assets of the Issuer or any 
person who provides investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to the Issuer's assets, or 
any affiliate of such a person (a "Controlling Person"), shall be disregarded. Under the Plan Asset 
Regulations, an "affiliate" of a person includes any person, directly or indirectly through one or more 
intermediaries, controlling, controlled by or under common control with the person, and "control" with 
respect to a person, other than an individual, means the power to exercise a controlling influence over 
the management or policies of such person. 
The Securities issued by JPMCFC or JPMSP, as the case may be, may be considered to have substantial 
equity features under the Plan Asset Regulations and, accordingly, should not be acquired by any benefit 
plan investor other than an insurance company general account, provided that in the case of a Security 
issued by JPMCFC or JPMSP, as the case may be, less than 25 per cent. of the assets in such general 
account constitute "plan assets" (as defined in the Plan Asset Regulations) for purposes of ERISA and/or 
Section 4975 of the Code. There are no assurances that any of the exceptions to the look-through rule 
(other than the exception for equity participation in an entity by Benefit Plan Investors that is less than 
25 per cent.) applies to the investment by an investor in a Security issued by JPMCFC or JPMSP, as the 
case may be. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that, despite the purchaser representations and 
requirements and transfer restrictions relating to acquisitions by Benefit Plan Investors and procedures 
to be employed to attempt to limit the ownership by Benefit Plan Investors in the Securities issued by 
JPMCFC or JPMSP, as the case may be, to less than 25 per cent. of each class of the Securities issued

--- Page 813 ---
Certain ERISA Considerations 
800 
by JPMCFC or JPMSP, as the case may be, Benefit Plan Investors will not in actuality own 25 per cent. 
or more of the value of any class of the Securities issued by JPMCFC or JPMSP, as the case may be. 
JPMCFC/JPMSP Standard Restrictions 
Each acquirer and subsequent transferee of a Security issued by JPMCFC or JPMSP, as the case may be, 
will be deemed to have represented and warranted that (1) (A) it is not a Benefit Plan Investor or (B) (i) 
it is an insurance company acting on behalf of its general account, (ii) it is not a Controlling Person, (iii) 
as of the date it acquires and throughout the period it holds the Security, or any interest therein, less than 
25 per cent. of the assets of such general account constitutes "plan assets" (as defined in 29 C.F.R. Section 
2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) for purposes of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the 
Code, (iv) it agrees that if, after its initial acquisition of the Security, or any interest therein, at any time 
during any month, 25 per cent. or more of the assets of such general account constitute "plan assets", 
then such insurance company shall, in a manner consistent with the restrictions on transfer set forth 
herein, dispose of the Security, or any interest therein, held in its general account by the end of the next 
following month, and (v) the acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition of the Security, or any 
interest therein, will not constitute or result in a prohibited transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the Code which is not covered under PTCE 95-60 or some other applicable exemption; and (2) if it is a 
governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan which is subject to any federal, state, local or non-U.S. law 
similar to the provision of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, (A) it is not, and for so 
long as it holds such Security or interest therein will not be, subject to any federal, state, local, non-U.S. 
or other law or regulation that could cause the underlying assets of the Issuer to be treated as assets of 
the investor in any Security (or any interest therein) by virtue of its interest and thereby subject the Issuer 
or any person responsible for the investment and operation of the Issuer's assets to laws or regulations 
that are similar to the fiduciary responsibility or prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code; and (B) its acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition of such Security will not 
constitute or result in a non-exempt violation under any such similar federal, state, local or non-U.S. law. 
Any acquirer that is a Plan is encouraged to consult with counsel regarding the application of the above 
representations and warranties. If any purported transfer of a Security issued by JPMCFC or JPMSP, as 
the case may be, or any interest therein, to an acquirer or transferee does not comply with the 
requirements of this paragraph, the Issuer may, at its discretion, cause such Security to be sold to an 
acquirer who meets the foregoing criteria or give notice to the transferee that such Security will be 
redeemed. (The foregoing are the "JPMCFC/JPMSP Standard Restrictions".) 
JPMCFC/JPMSP Special Restrictions 
Provided however, if (i) JPMCFC determines that a Security issued by JPMCFC is not an equity interest 
for purposes of ERISA or (ii) JPMSP determines that a Security issued by JPMSP is not an equity interest 
for purposes of ERISA, each acquirer and subsequent transferee of a Security issued by JPMCFC or 
JPMSP, as the case may be, will be deemed to have represented and warranted that it shall not acquire, 
hold or subsequently dispose of such Security for, on behalf of, or with the assets of any Plan or any 
governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan subject to any federal, state, local or non-U.S. law similar 
to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, unless such acquisition, holding and subsequent 
disposition of the Security will not constitute or result in any non-exempt prohibited transaction under 
Section 406 of ERISA or under Section 4975 of the Code (or in the case of a governmental, church, non-
U.S. or other plan, a non-exempt violation of any similar federal, state, local or non-U.S. law). Any 
fiduciary of a Plan acquiring a Security in reliance upon the statutory "service provider exemption" under 
Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA or Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code represents and warrants at the time of 
the Plan's acquisition and throughout the period the Plan holds the Security that (x) the Plan fiduciary 
has made a good faith determination that the Plan is paying no more than, and is receiving no less than, 
adequate consideration in connection with the transaction and (y) none of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any 
of its affiliates exercises discretionary authority or control or renders investment advice with respect to 
the assets of the Plan which the fiduciary is using to acquire the Security, both of which are necessary 
preconditions to utilising this exemption. Any acquirer that is a Plan is encouraged to consult with 
counsel regarding the application of the above representations and warranties. If any purported transfer 
of a Security issued by JPMCFC or JPMSP, as the case may be, or any interest therein, to an acquirer or 
transferee does not comply with the requirements of this paragraph, the Issuer may, at its discretion, 
cause such Security to be sold to an acquirer who meets the foregoing criteria or give notice to the 
transferee that such Security will be redeemed. (The foregoing are the "JPMCFC/JPMSP Special 
Restrictions".)

--- Page 814 ---
Certain ERISA Considerations 
801 
Other Considerations 
There can be no assurance that, despite the prohibitions relating to acquisitions by Benefit Plan Investors, 
that Benefit Plan Investors will not in actuality own 25 per cent. or more of a class of outstanding 
Securities issued by JPMCFC or JPMSP, as the case may be. If for any reason the assets of JPMCFC or 
JPMSP are deemed to be "plan assets" of a Plan because the 25 per cent. Limit is exceeded, certain 
transactions that might be entered into by, or on behalf of, such Issuer in the ordinary course of its 
business might constitute non-exempt "prohibited transactions" under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code and might have to be rescinded at significant cost to the Issuer. In addition, an Issuer 
may be prevented from engaging in certain investments (as not being deemed consistent with the ERISA 
prudent investment standards) or engaging in certain transactions or fee arrangements because they might 
be deemed to cause non-exempt prohibited transactions. It also is not clear that Section 403(a) of ERISA, 
which generally requires that all of the assets of a Plan be held in trust and limits delegation of investment 
management responsibilities by fiduciaries of Plans, would be satisfied. In addition, it is unclear whether 
Section 404(b) of ERISA, which generally provides that no fiduciary may maintain the indicia of 
ownership of any assets of a plan outside the jurisdiction of the district courts of the United States, would 
be satisfied or any of the exceptions to the requirement set forth in 29 C.F.R. Section 2550.404b-1 would 
be available. 
THE PRECEDING DISCUSSION IS ONLY A SUMMARY OF CERTAIN OF THE ERISA AND 
OTHER IMPLICATIONS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES AND DOES NOT 
PURPORT TO BE COMPLETE. MOREOVER, THE MATTERS DISCUSSED ABOVE MAY BE 
AFFECTED BY FUTURE REGULATIONS, RULINGS AND COURT DECISIONS, SOME OF 
WHICH MAY HAVE RETROACTIVE APPLICATION AND EFFECT. POTENTIAL ACQUIRERS 
SHOULD CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN LEGAL AND OTHER ADVISORS PRIOR TO 
INVESTING TO DETERMINE THE ERISA IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH INVESTMENTS IN LIGHT 
OF SUCH POTENTIAL ACQUIRER'S CIRCUMSTANCES. 
THE SALE OF SECURITIES TO A PLAN IS IN NO RESPECT A REPRESENTATION BY THE 
ISSUERS, JPMCFC, JPMSP, JPMORGAN CHASE & CO., JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., THE 
ARRANGER OR THE DEALER THAT THIS INVESTMENT MEETS ALL RELEVANT 
REQUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO INVESTMENTS BY PLANS GENERALLY OR ANY 
PARTICULAR PLAN OR THAT THIS INVESTMENT IS APPROPRIATE FOR PLANS 
GENERALLY OR ANY PARTICULAR PLAN.

--- Page 815 ---
Taxation 
802 
TAXATION 
Investors should be aware that the tax legislation of the country in which the investor is resident and 
of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the 
Securities.
The tax overviews below address only certain aspects of the taxation of income from Securities in a 
limited number of jurisdictions and are included in this Base Prospectus solely for information purposes. 
These overviews cannot replace individual legal or tax advice, which is able to take into account the 
exact Issue Terms, or become a sole base for any investment decisions and/or assessment of any potential 
tax consequences thereof.  
Securities may have terms and conditions that result in tax consequences that differ from those described 
below.  
In order to facilitate the reading of the tax overviews and provide investors with an indication as to which 
country-specific tax overviews might be of particular interest to such investor, the introductory 
paragraph of each tax overview describes what the tax section relates to, for example, whether it applies 
to any Issuer of the Securities, the relevant jurisdiction in which an investor is resident and the relevant 
jurisdiction in which the Paying Agent is located. The introductory paragraphs are for information 
purposes only, in order to provide guidance in reading this section of the Base Prospectus and are not 
intended to be authoritative. Investors should evaluate independently which tax overviews might be 
relevant to them. In particular, investors should read the tax overview applicable to the relevant Issuer 
of the Securities, the tax overview for the relevant jurisdiction in which the investor is resident in and in 
all cases the US tax overview. 
The tax overviews below assume there has been no substitution of the Issuer. 
INVESTORS IN THE SECURITIES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN ADVISERS AS 
TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSAL 
OF A SECURITY 
Republic of Ireland Taxation 
The following discussion is an overview of certain material Irish tax considerations relating to (i) 
Securities issued by any of the Issuers where the Holder is tax resident in Ireland or has a tax presence 
in Ireland or (ii) Securities where the Paying Agent or custodian is located in Ireland. 
The discussion is based on Irish law and the practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners in effect on 
the date of this Base Prospectus. The discussion relates only to the position of persons who are the 
absolute beneficial owners of their Securities (other than dealers in securities) and is for general 
information only. The discussion does not address other Irish tax aspects of acquiring, holding, 
disposing, abandoning, exercising or dealing in Securities. The discussion does not constitute taxation 
or legal advice. 
Securities issued to Irish Holders 
This section addresses the Irish tax treatment of Holders who are Irish tax resident ("Irish Resident 
Holders") who acquire or hold Securities issued by any of the Issuers. This section also addresses the 
Irish tax treatment of Holders who are not tax resident in Ireland but hold Securities issued by an Issuer 
as part of a trade carried on through an Irish branch or agency ("Irish Branch Holders" and, together 
with Irish Resident Holders, "Irish Holders"). 
Irish Withholding Tax 
Where Irish Resident Holders acquire or hold Securities and appoint an Irish collection agent, then Irish 
encashment tax (currently 25 per cent.) may be deducted by that collection agent. 
Irish Corporation Tax and Income Tax 
Irish Holders will generally be liable to Irish income tax or corporation tax in respect of income payable 
on Securities.

--- Page 816 ---
Taxation 
803 
Irish Holders who acquire Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. should consider whether the 
Irish tax regime relating to 'specified interest' or 'foreign deposit interest' (under section 267M of the 
Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland) could apply to such Securities. If the return constitutes 
'specified interest' or 'foreign deposit interest' for these purposes, the rate of tax specified in section 267M 
may apply to such return. 
Irish Capital Gains Taxation 
Irish Resident Holders of Securities will generally be liable to Irish capital gains taxation in respect of 
any capital gains arising on the disposal of Securities (assuming that Securities which are Notes constitute 
'debts on a security'). The Notes should be treated as 'debts on a security' if the value of the Notes can 
vary in accordance with market conditions so that a holder of the Notes could make a profit on their 
disposal. 
Irish Branch Holders are generally subject to Irish capital gains taxation on the disposal of Irish situate 
assets which are (or were) used for the purposes of their Irish trade. Once the Securities do not become 
Irish situate assets and are not used for the purpose of an Irish trade, Irish Branch Holders should not 
become subject to Irish capital gains taxation on the disposal of Securities. 
Irish Stamp Duty 
Where Securities constitute 'marketable securities', no Irish stamp duty should apply on the transfer of 
such Securities once the transfer does not relate to (a) Irish land or rights or interests in Irish land, or (b) 
any stocks or marketable securities of an Irish incorporated company (other than a regulated Irish 
investment fund or a 'qualifying company' within the meaning of section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation 
Act 1997 of Ireland). 'Marketable securities' means securities of such a description as to be capable of 
being sold in any Irish stock market. 
Alternatively, if the capital raised by the issue of the Securities has the character of borrowed money but 
are not 'marketable securities', no Irish stamp duty should arise once: 
(a)
the Securities do not carry any rights of conversion into stocks or marketable securities (other 
than loan capital) of a company having a register in Ireland or into loan capital having such a 
right; 
(b)
the Securities do not carry rights of the same kind as shares in the capital of a company 
(including rights such as voting rights, a share in the profits or a share in the surplus on 
liquidation); 
(c)
the Securities are not issued for a price which is less than 90 per cent. of their nominal value; 
and 
(d)
the Securities do not carry a right to a sum in respect of repayment or interest which is related 
to certain movements in an index or indices (based wholly or partly and directly or indirectly 
on stocks or marketable securities) specified in any instrument or other document relating to the 
Securities. 
Irish Gift / Inheritance Tax 
Irish Resident Holders will generally be subject to Irish capital acquisitions taxation on any gift or 
inheritance of Securities which they receive. 
Securities where the Paying Agent or custodian is located in Ireland. 
Withholding Tax on Securities 
Payments made through a Paying Agent located in Ireland in respect of Securities may result in Irish 
withholding tax (in the form of encashment tax) being deducted. An exemption from this withholding 
tax can be claimed in advance by Holders who are not tax resident in Ireland and an exemption also 
applies for Holders who are within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the relevant interest 
payment. The appointment of an Irish custodian through which Securities are held could result in various 
Irish tax issues if an Irish situate asset arises by virtue of that arrangement.

--- Page 817 ---
Taxation 
804 
The Netherlands Taxation
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Dutch tax considerations relating to (i) 
Securities issued by JPMSP, (ii) Securities issued by any of the Issuers where the Holder is tax resident 
in The Netherlands or has a tax presence in The Netherlands, or (iii) Securities held through a Paying 
Agent or custodian located in The Netherlands.  
This summary is based on the laws and practice in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which changes could be 
made with retroactive effect. This summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the 
tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of a Security, and does 
not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which 
may be subject to special rules. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below, the term "entity" means 
a corporation as well as any other person that is taxable as a corporation for Dutch corporate tax purposes. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below it is assumed that no 
Holder, being an individual or a non-resident entity, has or will have a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk 
belang), or - in the case of a Holder being an entity - a deemed substantial interest, in the Issuer and that 
no connected person (verbonden persoon) to the Holder has or will have a substantial interest in the 
Issuer.  
With respect to Securities for which it is specified that physical settlement of shares of a company is 
applicable, it is furthermore assumed that (i) no Holder being a Dutch resident individual has or will have 
a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or a deemed substantial interest in such company and that no 
connected person (verbonden persoon) to such Holder has or will have a substantial interest in such 
company and (ii) where such company is a Dutch resident company no Holder being a non-resident 
individual or entity has or will have a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or a deemed substantial 
interest in such company and that no connected person (verbonden persoon) to such Holder being an 
individual has or will have a substantial interest in such company.  
Generally speaking, individuals have a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) in a company if (a) 
such individuals, either alone or together with their partner, directly or indirectly have, or are deemed to 
have or (b) certain relatives of such individuals or their partners directly or indirectly have or are deemed 
to have (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares representing 
5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of the company or the issued and 
outstanding capital of any class of shares of the company, or (ii) the ownership of, or certain rights over, 
profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the annual profit 
or the liquidation proceeds of the company. 
Generally speaking, a non-resident entity has a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) in a company 
if such entity, directly or indirectly has (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain 
rights over, shares representing 5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of 
the company or the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares of the company, or (ii) the 
ownership of, or certain rights over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per 
cent. or more of either the annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of the company. Generally, an entity 
has a deemed substantial interest in a company if such entity has disposed of or is deemed to have 
disposed of all or part of a substantial interest on a non-recognition basis. 
This overview does not address the Dutch tax consequences for a Holder who is an affiliated (gelieerde) 
entity of JPMSP within the meaning of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
Generally, a Holder is regarded as 'affiliated' for these purposes if such Holder, whether alone or together 
with related parties or as part of a qualifying unity (kwalificerende eenheid), can exercise decisive 
influence over JPMSP's activities (or if JPMSP can, either alone or together with related parties or as 
part of a qualifying unity (kwalificerende eenheid), exercise such influence over the activities of such 
Holder, or if there is a third party, either alone or together with related parties or as part of a qualifying 
unity (kwalificerende eenheid), that can exercise such control over both JPMSP and such Holder). A 
qualifying unity (kwalificerende eenheid) is defined as entities that act jointly with the main purpose or 
one of the main purposes of avoiding the imposition of tax on one of those entities.

--- Page 818 ---
Taxation 
805 
Where this summary refers to a Holder, such reference is restricted to an individual or entity holding 
legal title to as well as an economic interest in Securities or otherwise being regarded as owning 
Securities for Dutch tax purposes. It is noted that for purposes of Dutch income, corporate, gift and 
inheritance tax, assets legally owned by a third party such as a trustee, foundation or similar entity, may 
be treated as assets owned by the (deemed) settlor, grantor or similar originator or the beneficiaries in 
proportion to their interest in such arrangement. 
Where the overview refers to "The Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the European part of the 
Kingdom of the Netherlands. 
Withholding Taxes 
Securities issued by JPMSP 
All payments by JPMSP under the Securities can be made without withholding or deduction of any taxes 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by The Netherlands or any political subdivision 
or taxing authority thereof or therein, unless the Securities qualify as debt effectively functioning as 
equity within the meaning of article 10, paragraph 1, sub-paragraph (d) of the Corporate Tax Act 1969 
(Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969). According to Supreme Court case law, the Securities 
effectively function as equity if (a) the Securities are subordinated to all other non-subordinated creditors 
of the Issuer, (b) the Securities do not have a fixed maturity or have a maturity of more than 50 years, 
and (c) payments under the Securities are entirely or almost entirely dependent on the Issuer's profits. 
Securities issued by Issuers other than JPMSP whether or not the Paying Agent or Custodian is located 
in The Netherlands 
All payments by Issuers other than JPMSP under the Securities, to the extent these payments are not 
attributable to a permanent establishment in the Netherlands and whether or not through a Paying Agent 
or custodian in The Netherlands, can be made without withholding or deduction of any taxes of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by The Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
This section applies to Securities issued by JPMSP as well as Securities issued by Issuers other than 
JPMSP, whether or not the Paying Agent or Custodian is located in The Netherlands. 
Resident entities 
A Holder which is an entity and is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch corporate 
tax purposes and is not tax exempt, will generally be subject to Dutch corporate tax in respect of income 
or a capital gain derived from a Security at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 25.8 per cent. in 2025). 
Resident individuals 
A Holder who is an individual and is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch income 
tax purposes will generally be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of income or a capital gain derived 
from a Security at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 49.5 per cent. in 2025) if: 
(a)
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise from which the Holder derives profits 
(other than as a shareholder); or 
(b)
the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous activities (belastbaar 
resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) as defined in the Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active 
asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (a) nor (b) applies, the individual will in principle be subject to Dutch income tax on 
the basis of a deemed return, regardless of any actual income or capital gain derived from a Security. For 
2025, separate deemed return percentages for savings, debts and investments apply, 5.88 per cent. for the 
category investments (including the Securities) as at the beginning of the relevant calendar year. The 
applicable percentages should be updated annually on the basis of historic market yields.

--- Page 819 ---
Taxation 
806 
However, based on rulings of the Dutch Supreme Court (Hoge Raad) of 6 June 2024, the current system 
of taxation based on a deemed return is in conflict with European law if the deemed return applicable to 
the relevant investments exceeds the actual return in the respective calendar year. Awaiting new 
legislation, if the individual demonstrates that the actual return – calculated in accordance with the 
guidelines of the Dutch Supreme Court – is lower than the applicable deemed return, the taxable basis 
should be that lower amount. 
The individual's taxable income from savings and investments (including the Securities) will be taxed at 
the prevailing statutory rate (36 per cent. in 2025). 
Non-resident entities or individuals 
A Holder which is not and is not deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the relevant tax purposes 
will not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or a capital gain derived from a Security, unless: 
(a)
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either 
effectively managed in The Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste 
inrichting) or a permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) taxable in The Netherlands 
and the Holder derives profits from such enterprise (other than by way of the holding of 
securities); or 
(b)
the Holder is an individual and the income or capital gain qualifies as income from 
miscellaneous activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in The Netherlands 
as defined in the Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without 
limitation, activities that exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, actief 
vermogensbeheer). 
Stamp/Transfer Taxes 
This section applies to Securities issued by JPMSP as well as Securities issued by Issuers other than 
JPMSP 
The subscription, issue, placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of a Security will not be subject to 
stamp tax, transfer tax or any other similar tax or duty payable in The Netherlands. 
Gift and Inheritance Taxes 
This section applies to Securities issued by JPMSP as well as Securities issued by Issuers other than 
JPMSP 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of a Security by way of 
gift by, or on the death of, a Holder, unless: 
(a)
the Holder is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or 
(b)
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions. 
United States Federal Income Taxation 
THE SUMMARY OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES SET OUT BELOW IS 
FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY. INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX 
ADVISERS AS TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF OWNING THE 
SECURITIES, THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF STATE, LOCAL, FOREIGN AND 
OTHER TAX LAWS AND POSSIBLE CHANGES IN TAX LAW. 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to the 
purchase, ownership and disposition of Securities by Non-U.S. Holders (defined below). This summary 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences 
that may be relevant to the acquisition, ownership or disposition of Securities by any particular investor

--- Page 820 ---
Taxation 
807 
and does not address tax considerations applicable to (i) Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below) who 
recognise gain in respect of a Security in a taxable year in which the Non-U.S. Holder is present in the 
United States for 183 days or more, (ii) persons that do not hold the Securities as capital assets, (iii) 
investors that own or are treated as owning (directly or indirectly) 10 per cent. or more, by vote or value, 
of the stock of the relevant Issuer  (or JPMorgan Chase & Co. in the case of Securities issued by 
JPMCFC) of a Class or Tranche of Securities, or (iv) except where the context indicates otherwise, 
persons that did not purchase the Securities in the initial offering. 
This summary does not address the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of every type of 
Security which may be issued under the Programme, and the relevant Issue Terms may contain additional 
or modified disclosure concerning the material U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to such 
type of Security as appropriate. This summary also does not address the considerations that may be 
applicable to holders of equity or other interests in an owner of a Security. 
This summary is based on the Code, U.S. Department of the Treasury ("U.S. Treasury") regulations 
promulgated thereunder and judicial and administrative interpretations thereof, in each case as in effect 
and available on the date hereof. Changes to any of the foregoing could affect the tax consequences 
described below, possibly with retroactive effect. Further, this summary does not describe any tax 
consequences arising out of the tax laws of any U.S. state or local or non-U.S. jurisdiction, or any U.S. 
federal taxes other than income taxes and, to a limited extent, estate taxes. Prospective purchasers of 
Securities should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax 
consequences of owning Securities in light of their own particular circumstances. 
The Securities are complex derivative Securities the relevant Issue Terms for which may vary materially 
among different series of Securities. There is limited U.S. federal income tax authority directly applicable 
to the Securities and such authority may not directly address Securities with terms substantially similar 
to those of a particular Security. Accordingly, the proper characterisation for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes of the Securities may be unclear under current law. The timing and character of income 
recognised by an investor for U.S. federal income tax purposes may be uncertain and also may vary 
depending on the precise terms of a Security. Securities may be subject to recharacterisation. For 
example, the IRS may treat an investor as the beneficial owner of an underlying security for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. In the case of a Security that references an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes, an investor could be deemed to own an interest in such partnership. Where 
the partnership is engaged in a U.S. trade or business, a Non-U.S. Holder (defined below) could be 
subject to U.S. federal and state tax return filing and payment obligations on account of the activities of 
the partnership, including in the case of certain Non-U.S. Holders (defined below), a branch profits tax. 
A Non-U.S. Holder (defined below) may also be subject to a 10% withholding tax on a portion of the 
amount realised on a sale, exchange or redemption of a Security. No rulings will be sought from the IRS 
regarding the characterisation of any of the Securities issued hereunder for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, and the IRS or a court might not agree with the treatments described below. Accordingly, each 
prospective purchaser is urged to consult its own tax advisor regarding all aspects of the U.S. federal 
income tax consequences of acquiring, holding or disposing of Securities. 
The discussion below is limited to persons that are neither U.S. Holders (defined below) nor partnerships 
("Non-U.S. Holders"). The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in a partnership that holds 
Securities will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Investors that are 
partnerships (or other entities properly treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes) and 
partners in such partnerships should consult their tax adviser concerning the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Securities by the partnership. 
The term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of Securities that is for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes (i) a citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation, or other entity treated as a 
corporation, created or organised under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof, 
(iii) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax without regard to its source or 
(iv) a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the 
administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial 
decisions of the trust, or the trust has elected to be treated as a domestic trust for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Taxation of Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMorgan Chase & Co. or JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A.

--- Page 821 ---
Taxation 
808 
Except as specifically limited or noted, the discussion under this section addresses purchasers of 
Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMorgan Chase & Co. or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Solely for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes, JPMorgan Chase & Co. is treated as the "Issuer" of the Securities issued by 
JPMCFC, and the discussion herein should be read consistently with such treatment. 
Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders 
U.S. Withholding Tax 
The following discussion applies to Securities that are properly treated as debt for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. The applicable Issue Terms may discuss additional U.S. federal income tax considerations 
arising from an investment in the Securities. 
Subject to the discussions below in "U.S. Withholding under FATCA", "U.S. Withholding on Dividend 
Equivalent Payments", "U.S. Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act", and "U.S. Information 
Reporting and Backup Withholding", the relevant Issuer expects that payments on the Securities to a 
Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax, provided that, in the case 
of payments treated as interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes with respect to Securities with a 
maturity at issue of more than 183 days, the following conditions are satisfied such that the interest 
payments qualify as "portfolio interest": 

the amount of the payment is not determined by reference to any receipts, sales or other cash 
flow, income or profits, change in value of any property of, or dividend or similar payment made 
by the relevant Issuer (or JPMorgan Chase & Co. in the case of Securities issued by JPMCFC) 
or a person related to the Issuer (or JPMorgan Chase & Co. in the case of Securities issued by 
JPMCFC) (other than, among other things, certain property that is traded on an exchange or 
interdealer market that satisfies the requirements necessary for the property to qualify as 
"actively traded property" or property held as a hedging transaction to manage interest rate or 
currency fluctuations with respect to an Security); 

the Non-U.S. Holder does not actually or constructively own 10 per cent. or more of the total 
combined voting power of all classes of stock of the relevant Issuer (or JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
in the case of Securities issued by JPMCFC) entitled to vote; 

the Non-U.S. Holder is not for U.S. federal income tax purposes a controlled foreign corporation 
related to the relevant Issuer (or JPMorgan Chase & Co. in the case of Securities issued by 
JPMCFC) through stock ownership; 

the Non-U.S. Holder is not a bank receiving interest on an extension of credit pursuant to a loan 
agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its business; 

the Non-U.S. Holder is not within a foreign country with respect to which the United States 
Secretary of the Treasury has made a determination under Section 871(h)(6) of the Code or 
Section 881(c)(6) of the Code that payments to any person within such foreign country (or 
payments addressed to, or for the account of, persons within such foreign country) shall not 
constitute portfolio interest under either Section 871(h) or Section 881(c) of the Code; 

in certain cases (i) the Non-U.S. Holder has provided the appropriate and properly completed 
and executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 on which it certifies, under penalties of 
perjury, that it is not a U.S. person, and (ii) in the case of payments made to an intermediary, a 
properly completed intermediary certification (such as U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-
8IMY) and any other required documentation has been provided by the intermediary to the 
relevant Issuer (or JPMorgan Chase & Co. in the case of Securities issued by JPMCFC) or its 
paying agent; and 

the Security is treated as issued in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Accordingly, except to the extent the applicable Issue Terms indicate otherwise and subject to the 
discussions in the sections entitled "U.S. Withholding under FATCA", "U.S. Withholding on Dividend 
Equivalent Payments", "U.S. Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act", "U.S. Information Reporting 
and Backup Withholding", and "FATCA", below, the relevant Issuer generally does not intend to withhold

--- Page 822 ---
Taxation 
809 
any amounts with respect to payments made to Non-U.S. Holders under the Securities, provided that 
Non-U.S. Holders provide the relevant Issuer, following a specific reasonable request by the relevant 
Issuer, a certification on the appropriate IRS Form W-8 or other reasonably requested certification 
regarding their nationality or identity. 
Notwithstanding the general discussion above, payments on a Security treated as U.S. source income, 
other than amounts specifically exempted from U.S. withholding, including portfolio interest and interest 
on certain short-term debt obligations issued by a U.S. Issuer, could be subject to U.S. withholding tax 
generally. The applicable Issue Terms will provide a discussion of any additional U.S. federal income 
tax considerations that may be relevant to an investment in a Security by Non-U.S. Holders. 
Further, subject to the discussions in the sections entitled "U.S. Withholding under FATCA", "U.S. 
Withholding on Dividend Equivalent Payments", "U.S. Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act", 
and "FATCA", gain realised on the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Security by a Non-
U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless (i) such income is effectively 
connected with a trade or business conducted by the Non-U.S. Holder in the United States, or (ii) the 
Non-U.S. Holder has or had a current or former relationship with the United States, including a 
relationship as a citizen or resident thereof or based on an individual's presence in the United States for 
183 days or more in the taxable year of the sale or maturity of the Securities. In the case of (i) above, a 
Non-U.S. Holder generally would be subject to U.S. federal income tax with respect to any income or 
gain in the same manner as if the Non-U.S. Holder were a U.S. Holder and, in the case of a Holder that 
is a corporation, the Holder may also be subject to a branch profits tax equal to 30% (or such lower rate 
provided by an applicable U.S. income tax treaty) of a portion of its earnings and profits for the taxable 
year that are effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in the United States, subject to 
certain adjustments. 
The relevant Issuer generally is required to provide to Holders, solely for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, a schedule of the projected amounts of payments on Securities treated as Contingent Securities 
as more fully described in the section entitled "Taxation of Securities issued by  JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A.—Taxation of U.S. Holders—U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of Securities Treated as Debt—
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments". A Holder may submit a written request for the schedule to the 
attention of the relevant Issuer at 383 Madison Avenue, 5th Floor, New York, New York 10179, United 
States of America, or such other address as may be provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
THE COMPARABLE YIELD AND PROJECTED PAYMENT SCHEDULE WILL NOT BE 
DETERMINED FOR ANY PURPOSE OTHER THAN FOR THE DETERMINATION OF INTEREST 
ACCRUALS AND ADJUSTMENTS THEREOF IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES FOR UNITED 
STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES AND WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A PROJECTION 
OR REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE ACTUAL AMOUNTS PAYABLE TO THE HOLDERS 
OF THE SECURITIES. 
The following discussion applies to Securities that are properly treated as other than debt for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes and that do not provide for any payments prior to maturity. The applicable Issue 
Terms may discuss additional U.S. federal income tax considerations arising from an investment in the 
Securities. 
Except to the extent the Issue Terms indicate otherwise and subject to the discussions in the sections 
entitled "U.S. Withholding under FATCA", "U.S. Withholding on Dividend Equivalent Payments", "U.S. 
Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act", "U.S. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding", 
and "FATCA", below, the relevant Issuer generally does not intend to withhold any amounts with respect 
to payments made to Non-U.S. Holders under the Securities, provided that Non-U.S. Holders provide 
the relevant Issuer, following a specific reasonable request by, or on behalf of, the relevant Issuer, a 
certification on the appropriate IRS Form W-8 or other reasonably requested certification regarding their 
nationality or identity. 
Notwithstanding the discussion above, payments on a Security treated as U.S. source income could be 
subject to U.S. withholding tax generally.  The applicable Issue Terms will provide a discussion of any 
additional U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to an investment in a Security by 
Non-U.S. Holders.

--- Page 823 ---
Taxation 
810 
Further, subject to the discussions in the sections entitled "U.S. Withholding under FATCA", "U.S. 
Withholding on Dividend Equivalent Payments", "U.S. Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act", 
and "FATCA", gain realised on the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Security by a Non-
U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless (i) such income is effectively 
connected with a trade or business conducted by the Non-U.S. Holder in the United States, or (ii) the 
Non-U.S. Holder has or had a current or former relationship with the United States, including a 
relationship as a citizen or resident thereof or based on an individual's presence in the United States for 
183 days or more in the taxable year of the sale or maturity of the Securities.  In the case of (i) above, a 
Non-U.S. Holder generally would be subject to U.S. federal income tax with respect to any income or 
gain in the same manner as if the Non-U.S. Holder were a U.S. Holder and, in the case of a Non-U.S. 
Holder that is a corporation, the Non-U.S. Holder may also be subject to a branch profits tax equal to 
30% (or such lower rate provided by an applicable U.S. income tax treaty) of a portion of its earnings 
and profits for the taxable year that are effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in 
the United States, subject to certain adjustments. 
U.S. Withholding under FATCA 
As further described in "FATCA" below, payments to a non-U.S. entity could be subject to a separate 30 
per cent. U.S. withholding tax without regard to the exemptions from U.S. withholding that may 
otherwise be available (including exemptions for amounts treated as portfolio interest).  
U.S. Withholding on Dividend Equivalent Payments 
Under Section 871(m) of the Code and U.S. Treasury regulations thereunder (collectively, "Section 
871(m)"), payments on financial instruments that reference shares of one or more U.S. corporations may 
be treated as "dividend equivalent" payments that are subject to U.S. withholding tax at a rate of 30 per 
cent. For these purposes, a financial instrument that references certain funds or other investment vehicles 
that hold an interest in shares of a U.S. corporation, whether directly or synthetically through a financial 
instrument, may be treated as referencing the shares of the U.S. corporation. Generally, a "dividend 
equivalent" is a payment that is directly or indirectly contingent upon a U.S. source dividend or is 
determined by reference to a U.S. source dividend. For financial instruments issued on or after 1 January 
2017 but prior to 1 January 2027, regulations and guidance under Section 871(m) provide that dividend 
equivalent payments will be subject to withholding if the instrument has a "delta" of one with respect to 
either an underlying U.S. stock or a U.S. stock component of an underlying index or basket. For financial 
instruments issued on or after 1 January 2027, dividend equivalent payments on (i) a "simple" financial 
instrument that has a delta of 0.8 or greater with respect to an underlying U.S. stock or a U.S. stock 
component of an underlying index or basket and (ii) a "complex" financial instrument that meets the 
"substantial equivalence" test with respect to an underlying U.S. stock or a U.S. stock component of an 
underlying index or basket, will be subject to withholding tax under Section 871(m). A simple financial 
instrument is an instrument which, with respect to each underlying U.S. stock or U.S. stock component 
of an underlying index or basket, all amounts to be paid or received on maturity, exercise, or any other 
payment determination date are calculated by reference to a single, fixed number of shares of the 
underlying U.S. stock or U.S. stock component, provided that the number of shares can be ascertained at 
the calculation time for the instrument, and there is a single maturity or exercise date with respect to 
which all amounts (other than any upfront payment or any periodic payments) are required to be 
calculated with respect to the underlying U.S. stock or U.S. stock component. An example of a simple 
financial instrument is an instrument that entitles the holder to all of the appreciation (or a reduction in 
the principal payment equal to all of the depreciation) in the value of 100 shares of a U.S. stock and any 
periodic dividends on such shares. Very generally, a complex financial instrument is an instrument that 
is not a simple financial instrument as described above. 
The delta of a financial instrument generally is defined as the ratio of the change in the fair market value 
of the instrument to a small change in the fair market value of the number of shares of the underlying 
U.S. corporation. A financial instrument generally will be treated as having a delta of one if it provides 
for 100 per cent. participation in all of the appreciation and depreciation of one or more underlying U.S. 
stocks. Very broadly, the substantial equivalence test for complex financial instruments analyses whether 
a financial instrument has a correlation to the applicable underlying U.S. stock that is at least as great as 
that of a simple financial instrument with a delta of at least 0.8.  
The delta or substantial equivalence of a financial instrument generally is determined either as of the 
pricing or issue date of the instrument, in accordance with the regulations. However, the issue date must

--- Page 824 ---
Taxation 
811 
be used as the determination date if a financial instrument is priced more than 14 calendar days before it 
is issued. In addition, the delta or substantial equivalence of Securities that are held in inventory by an 
affiliate of the Issuer (between issuance and sale to an investor) may be required to be retested at the time 
of sale or disposition from inventory by such affiliate. If Securities sold from inventory are determined 
to be subject to withholding under Section 871(m) and the same Series of Securities sold at issuance 
were determined not to be subject to Section 871(m), Non-U.S. Holders of Securities sold at issuance 
may be adversely affected to the extent the Issuer does not, or is unable to, separately track and 
distinguish Securities sold to investors at issuance from those sold out of inventory. Further, a Security 
may be treated as reissued for purposes of Section 871(m) upon a significant modification of the terms 
of the Security. In this context, a rebalancing or adjustment to the components of an underlying index or 
basket may result in the deemed reissuance of the Security (including for purposes of applying the 
effective dates provided in Section 871(m)). The Issuer intends to take the position that a Security should 
not be treated as reissued for this purpose as a result of a non-discretionary rebalancing or adjustment to 
the components of an underlying index or basket, an exercise of discretion by the index or basket provider 
or a board or committee responsible for maintaining the index or basket in interpreting its published, 
predefined criteria, or an exercise of discretion otherwise required as a result of a Market Disruption 
Event or similar events. Upon a significant modification, a Security that was not subject to withholding 
under Section 871(m) at issuance may become subject to withholding at the time of the deemed 
reissuance.  
A Series of Securities that references an index or basket that is treated as a "qualified index" will not be 
subject to withholding under Section 871(m), even if such Securities meet, as applicable, the delta or 
substantial equivalence test with respect to a U.S. stock component of the index. In general, a qualified 
index is a diverse, passive, and widely used index that satisfies, as of the applicable determination date, 
the technical requirements prescribed by regulations. Whether a Series of Securities is treated as 
referencing a qualified index is determined at pricing or issuance of the Securities, in accordance with 
the regulations. If a Series of Securities is treated as referencing a qualified index, such Securities 
generally will not become subject to withholding under Section 871(m) in a subsequent year after such 
determination unless (i) the Securities are treated as significantly modified (including by certain changes 
to the index), (ii) the Securities are determined to meet the delta or substantial equivalence test, as 
applicable, at the time they are significantly modified and (iii) the index referenced by the Securities is 
no longer treated as a qualified index. In addition, if a Non-U.S. Holder or a related party enters into one 
or more transactions in connection with a Security that reduce exposure to any component of an 
underlying index that is otherwise treated as a qualified index, the Security will not, subject to certain 
limited exceptions (such as transactions that reduce exposure to the entire index or that reduce exposure 
to components of the underlying index by five percent or less of the value of the index), be treated as 
referencing a qualified index. In such case, the Non-U.S. Holder may be subject to Section 871(m) tax 
even though the Issuer and other withholding agents may not withhold with respect to the Security.  
In addition, a Security that in isolation is not subject to Section 871(m) may nonetheless be subject to 
Section 871(m) if the Non-U.S. Holder has engaged, or engages, in other transactions in respect of an 
underlying U.S. stock or component of an underlying index or basket in connection with the Security. 
For these purposes, a Security and such other transactions will be subject to withholding under Section 
871(m) if, in the aggregate, they replicate the economics of a transaction that would be a Section 871(m) 
simple financial instrument. In such situations, such Non-U.S. Holders could be subject to Section 
871(m) tax even if the Issuer does not withhold in respect of the Security. Further, a Non-U.S. Holder 
may be required, including by custodians and other withholding agents with respect to the Security, to 
make representations regarding the nature of any other positions with respect to U.S. stock directly or 
indirectly referenced (including components of any index or basket) by such Security. A Non-U.S. 
Holder that enters, or has entered, into other transactions in respect of a U.S. stock, component of an 
underlying index or basket, or the Securities should consult its own tax advisor regarding the application 
of Section 871(m) to the Securities and such other transactions.  
The relevant Issue Terms will indicate if the Issuer has determined that the particular issue of Securities 
is expected to be subject to withholding under Section 871(m). For Securities deposited with the Relevant 
Clearing System(s) that are determined to be subject to withholding under Section 871(m), unless 
otherwise indicated in the Issue Terms, the Issuer will withhold at source on any dividend equivalent 
amounts and comply with certain related reporting requirements imposed by the clearing organisation in 
respect of such Securities. For Securities deposited with other clearing organisations, the Issue Terms 
may describe alternative withholding procedures based on any requirements of such organisations. Any 
determination by the Issuer on the application of Section 871(m) to a particular Security generally is

--- Page 825 ---
Taxation 
812 
binding on beneficial owners and Holders, but is not binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) regulations 
require complex calculations to be made with respect to Securities referencing shares of U.S. 
corporations and their application to a specific issue of Securities may be uncertain. Accordingly, even 
if the Issuer determines that a Security is not subject to Section 871(m), the IRS could assert that 
withholding is required in respect of such Security, including where the IRS concludes that the delta or 
substantial equivalence with respect to the Security was determined more than 14 days prior to the 
Security's issue date.  
For Securities deposited with the Relevant Clearing System(s), unless indicated otherwise in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the rate of any withholding generally will not be reduced even if the beneficial owner is not 
subject to (or exempted from) the withholding tax (such as beneficial owners that are "United States 
persons") or is eligible for a reduction under an applicable treaty. In certain limited circumstances, and 
regardless of the Relevant Clearing System with whom the Securities are deposited, the Issue Terms may 
specify if the Issuer or other withholding agent will be able to withhold based on lower treaty rates to 
which Non-U.S. Holders may be entitled or to take account of a Non-U.S. Holder's exemption from the 
withholding tax. In general, Non-U.S. Holders may be able to claim a refund for any excess amounts 
withheld by filing a U.S. tax return. However, Non-U.S. Holders and beneficial owners may not receive 
the necessary information to properly claim a refund for excess withholding taxes. In addition, the IRS 
may not credit a Non-U.S. Holder with withholding taxes remitted in respect of its Security for purposes 
of claiming a refund. Finally, a Non-U.S. Holder's resident tax jurisdiction may not permit the Non-U.S. 
Holder to take a credit for U.S. withholding taxes related to the dividend equivalent amount. In any event, 
the Issuers will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld under 
Section 871(m) unless (i) "gross up" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, (ii) 
"Exclude Section 871(m) Taxes from Gross Up" is specified not to be applicable therein, and (iii) the 
withholding is not treated by the Issuer as occurring due to actions of such investor (as described in 
General Condition 18.2(m) (Circumstances in which Additional Amounts will not be paid)).  
If a Series of Securities is determined to be subject to U.S. withholding tax under Section 871(m), 
information regarding the amount of each dividend equivalent, the delta of the Securities, the amount of 
any tax withheld and deposited, the estimated dividend amount (if applicable), and any other information 
required under the regulations, will be provided, communicated, or made available to Holders in a 
manner permitted by applicable regulations. The Issue Terms will specify how such information will be 
made available to Holders. Withholding on payments will be based on actual dividends on the underlying 
U.S. stock or, if otherwise notified by the Issuer in accordance with applicable regulations, on estimated 
dividends used in pricing the Securities. Where a Series of Securities that references estimated dividend 
amounts also provides for any additional payments to reflect actual dividends on the underlying U.S. 
stock (e.g., extraordinary dividends), withholding tax will also apply to any additional payments.  
If the Issuer determines that a Security is subject to withholding under Section 871(m), withholding tax 
will apply in respect of the actual (or estimated, as described above) dividends that are paid on the 
underlying U.S. stock and may be withheld on any portion of a payment or deemed payment that is a 
dividend equivalent. Withholding under Section 871(m) generally will be required when payments are 
made on the Security or upon maturity, lapse or other disposition by the Non-U.S. Holder of the Security. 
Alternatively, such withholding may occur in certain cases at the time a dividend is paid on the relevant 
U.S. stock (or, in certain other cases, at the close of the quarter upon which the dividend is paid). Further, 
the Issuer may deem a coupon payment on the Securities, in an amount equal to such a dividend 
equivalent amount and will subject such coupon payment to U.S. withholding tax. Such coupon 
payments, net of withholding tax, will not be paid to the Non-U.S. Holders under the terms and conditions 
of the Security. 
Non-U.S. Holders should consult with their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 
871(m) to the Securities. 
U.S. Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act  
Under Section 897 of the Code, commonly referred to as the U.S. Foreign Investment in Real Property 
Tax Act ("FIRPTA"), a Non-U.S. Holder may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a disposition of 
a United States real property interest (a "USRPI"). Very generally, a USRPI may be an interest in U.S. 
real property or an interest in a United States real property holding corporation (a "USRPHC") within 
the meaning of Section 897 of the Code. However, an interest in a USRPHC that does not exceed 
generally 5 per cent. of the corporation's regularly traded stock is not a USRPI, after taking into account

--- Page 826 ---
Taxation 
813 
shares or interests of the underlying issuer that are directly, indirectly or constructively owned by such 
Non-U.S. Holder. In addition, holding the Securities may also impact the taxation of such other shares 
or interests. 
The Issuer will not attempt to ascertain whether an issuer of reference shares, or an issuer of shares that 
are components of an Index or basket of securities, is a USRPHC. To the extent a Security is treated as 
a USRPI, any gain from the disposition thereof generally would be subject to U.S. federal income tax 
and required to be reported by the Non-U.S. Holder on a U.S. federal income tax return, and the amount 
realised on such disposition would in certain cases be subject to withholding at a rate of 15 per cent. Even 
if the Issuer does not withhold, there can be no assurance that a withholding agent will not withhold in 
respect of a Security. A Non-U.S. Holder may have U.S. income tax liability that exceeds amounts 
withheld, if any. Neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor a withholding agent will pay any additional 
amounts in respect of amounts withheld or any tax liability arising under Section 897 of the Code. 
Non-U.S. Holders should consult with their tax advisors regarding the application of Section 897 to an 
investment in their Securities. 
U.S. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Amounts payable on, and the proceeds of a sale, redemption or other taxable disposition of, Securities 
may be subject to information reporting. Such amounts may also be subject to backup withholding if a 
Non-U.S. Holder fails to provide certain identifying information (such as an accurate taxpayer 
identification number) or meets certain other conditions. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax 
advisers as to their qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for obtaining 
an exemption. Amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not additional taxes and may 
be refunded or credited against a Non-U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the 
relevant information is timely furnished to the IRS.  
Taxation of Securities issued by JPMSP 
The summary below addresses purchasers of Securities issued by JPMSP.  
Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders 
U.S. Withholding Taxes 
Subject to the discussions above in "Taxation of Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.—Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders—U.S. Withholding under FATCA", 
"Taxation of Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMorgan Chase & Co. or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.—
Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders—U.S. Withholding on Dividend Equivalent Payments" and "Taxation of 
Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMorgan Chase & Co. or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.—Taxation of 
Non-U.S. Holders—U.S. Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act", and the discussion in "—U.S. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding", below, and generally without regard to whether 
interest qualifies as portfolio interest, the relevant Issuer expects that payments on the Securities to a 
Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax. 
Accordingly, except to the extent the Issue Terms indicate otherwise and subject to the discussions above 
in the sections entitled "Taxation of Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMorgan Chase & Co. or JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A.—Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders—U.S. Withholding under FATCA", "Taxation of 
Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMorgan Chase & Co. or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.—Taxation of 
Non-U.S. Holders—U.S. Withholding on Dividend Equivalent Payments" and "Taxation of Securities 
issued by JPMCFC, JPMorgan Chase & Co. or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.—Taxation of Non-U.S. 
Holders—U.S. Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act" (but generally without regard to whether 
interest qualifies as portfolio interest), the Issuer generally does not intend to withhold any amounts with 
respect to payments made to Non-U.S. Holders under the Securities. 
Further, subject to the discussion in the sections entitled "Taxation of Securities issued by JPMCFC, 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.—Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders—U.S. 
Withholding under FATCA", "Taxation of Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMorgan Chase & Co. or 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.—Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders—U.S. Withholding on Dividend Equivalent 
Payments", and "Taxation of Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMorgan Chase & Co. or JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A.—Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders—U.S. Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act", gain

--- Page 827 ---
Taxation 
814 
realised on the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Security by a Non-U.S. Holder generally 
will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless (i) such income is effectively connected with a trade 
or business conducted by the Non-U.S. Holder in the United States, or (ii) the Non-U.S. Holder has or 
had a current or former relationship with the United States, including a relationship as a citizen or resident 
thereof or based on an individual's presence in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year 
of the sale or maturity of the Securities. In the case of (i) above, a Non-U.S. Holder generally would be 
subject to U.S. federal income tax with respect to any income or gain in the same manner as if the Non-
U.S. Holder were a U.S. Holder and, in the case of a Non-U.S. Holder that is a corporation, the Non-U.S. 
Holder may also be subject to a branch profits tax equal to 30% (or such lower rate provided by an 
applicable U.S. income tax treaty) of a portion of its earnings and profits for the taxable year that are 
effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in the United States, subject to certain 
adjustments. 
U.S. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
In the case of a Security that is treated as debt and in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
payments of principal, OID, and interest made by a non-U.S. payor (other than a U.S. Controlled Person) 
outside the United States to a Non-U.S. Holder will not be subject to information reporting or backup 
withholding. Payments on such Securities made within the United States or by a U.S. Controlled Person 
may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding.  
Payments on the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Security made to a Non-U.S. Holder 
by a non-U.S. broker (other than a U.S. Controlled Person) generally will not be subject to information 
reporting or backup withholding. However, if the broker is a U.S. Controlled Person, payments on the 
sale, exchange or other disposition of such a security made by such U.S. Controlled Person may be 
subject to information reporting unless the beneficial owner has furnished the broker with documentation 
upon which the broker can rely to treat the payment as made to a beneficial owner that is a foreign person.  
For purposes of this discussion, a "U.S. Controlled Person" means (i) a U.S. person (as defined in the 
Code, and for this purpose includes a foreign branch or office of such person), (ii) a controlled foreign 
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (iii) a foreign person 50 per cent. or more of whose 
gross income was effectively connected with the conduct of a United States trade or business for a 
specified three-year period, (iv) a foreign partnership, if at any time during its tax year, one or more of 
its partners are U.S. persons who, in the aggregate, hold more than 50 per cent. of the partnership's 
income or capital interest or if, at any time during its tax year, it is engaged in the conduct of a trade or 
business in the United States, or (v) a U.S. branch of a foreign bank or a foreign insurance company. 
Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a credit against the Non-
U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability, and may entitle the Non-U.S. Holder to a refund, provided 
that the required information is furnished to the IRS.  
U.S. Estate Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders 
Generally, absent an applicable treaty benefit, a Security may be treated as U.S. situs property subject to 
U.S. federal estate tax. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal 
estate tax consequences of investing in the Securities. 
FATCA  
General 
Under FATCA, the Issuers may be required to deduct a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on payments 
made to certain Holders or beneficial owners in respect of the Securities. Subject to certain exceptions, 
the withholding tax may apply on payments to (i) a Holder or beneficial owner that is a foreign financial 
institution (an "FFI") (as defined under FATCA) that is not in compliance with applicable reporting and 
withholding obligations (such a Holder or beneficial owner, a "Non-Participating FFI") and (ii) any 
other Holder or beneficial owner that does not comply with the Issuer's or an intermediary's requests for 
ownership certifications and identifying information (such a Holder or beneficial owner, a "Recalcitrant 
Holder"). 
JPMSP may also be subject to withholding if it does not comply with the relevant requirements under 
FATCA. In the event JPMSP determines that there is a substantial likelihood that payments made to it

--- Page 828 ---
Taxation 
815 
would be subject to withholding tax under FATCA or if JPMSP otherwise determines that there is a 
substantial likelihood that it will violate any requirement of, or an agreement entered into with a taxing 
authority with respect to, FATCA, it is possible that a portion or all Securities of a series issued by 
JPMSP will be redeemed or terminated at the Early Payment Amount. 
Withholding and/or termination under FATCA may also apply to payments made under the Guarantee 
in respect of Securities issued by JPMSP. 
Reporting, Withholding and Potential Redemptions Under FATCA 
Under FATCA, certain payments on U.S. assets and certain payments on non-U.S. assets made to non-
U.S. persons may be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax. Withholding generally applies to payments 
of U.S. source interest, dividends (including payments treated as "dividend equivalents" under Section 
871(m) of the Code) and other passive income. Withholding on "foreign passthru payments" will apply 
no earlier than two years after the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published. Withholding, however, will not apply to payments on certain non-U.S. 
obligations that are outstanding as of the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. 
Treasury regulations addressing "foreign passthru payments" are issued so long as such obligations are 
not treated as reissued after the relevant date (such obligations, "Grandfathered Obligations"). 
Investors should be aware that the effective date for withholding on "foreign passthru payments" above 
reflects proposed U.S. Treasury regulations ("Proposed FATCA Regulations") which delay the 
effective date for withholding on foreign passthru payments. The Proposed FATCA Regulations also 
eliminate FATCA withholding on gross proceeds from, or final payments, redemptions, or other principal 
payments made in respect of, the disposition of an instrument that may produce U.S. source interest or 
dividends ("U.S. Gross Proceeds"). The U.S. Treasury have indicated that taxpayers may rely on the 
Proposed FATCA Regulations until final regulations are issued. The discussion above assumes that the 
Proposed FATCA Regulations will be finalised in their current form and that such final regulations will 
be effective retroactively. No assurance can be given that the Proposed FATCA Regulations will be 
finalised in their current form or that any such final regulations will be effective retroactively. 
The Netherlands and the United States have signed an intergovernmental agreement ("IGA") for the 
automatic exchange of data between the tax authorities of both countries in relation to the implementation 
of FATCA. Pursuant to the IGA, JPMSP has registered with the IRS to be treated as a deemed compliant 
FFI for FATCA purposes. As a registered deemed compliant FFI, JPMSP should not be subject to the 30 
per cent. FATCA withholding tax, provided that it is not designated as a "nonparticipating FFI" for 
FATCA purposes. The obligations of JPMSP under the IGA and its implementation in Dutch legislation 
include obtaining information from the Holders and/or beneficial owners of Securities and may include 
withholding on payments to Holders and/or beneficial owners of Securities that are not compliant with 
any applicable requirements under FATCA. 
To the extent any payments in respect of Securities are made to a beneficial owner by an intermediary 
financial institution, broker or agent (each, an "Intermediary"), such beneficial owner will be required 
to comply with the Intermediary's requests for identifying information that would permit the Intermediary 
to comply with its own FATCA obligations. 
Any Holder or beneficial owner of Securities that is a Recalcitrant Holder or a Non-Participating FFI 
may be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax with respect to payments on the Securities. Holders and 
beneficial owners should also be aware that it may be necessary for JPMSP to redeem Recalcitrant 
Holders or Non-Participating FFIs if such a Holder's or beneficial owner's non-compliance may cause 
the Issuer to be subject to withholding or if the Issuer otherwise determines that there is a substantial 
likelihood that it will violate any requirement of, or an agreement entered into with a taxing authority 
with respect to, FATCA, as described in General Condition 18.3 (Early Redemption or Termination for 
Taxation – FATCA). Any redemption will be at the Early Payment Amount. In addition, compliant 
Holders and beneficial owners may also be subject to the redemption of their Securities in such an event, 
as set out in General Condition 18.3 (Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation – FATCA). 
Uncertain Application 
No assurance can be given that the Issuers will be able to take all necessary actions or that actions taken 
will be successful in minimising the impact of FATCA on the Holders or the Issuers. Each potential

--- Page 829 ---
Taxation 
816 
investor in Securities should consult its own tax advisor to determine how FATCA may affect an 
investment in the Securities in such investor's particular circumstance.
Austria Taxation 
The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Austrian tax 
considerations that may be relevant for the decision to acquire, to hold and to dispose of the Securities 
and does not constitute legal or tax advice. The overview is based on Austrian tax law and practice and 
official interpretation currently in effect, all of which are subject to change. Future legislative, judicial 
or administrative changes could modify the tax treatment described below and could affect the tax 
consequences for investors. Prospective investors should consult their own independent advisers as to 
the implications of their subscribing for, purchasing, holding, exchanging or disposing of the Securities 
under the laws of the jurisdictions in which they may be subject to tax. The discussion of certain Austrian 
taxes set forth below is included for information purposes only. 
This overview of Austrian tax issues is based on the assumption that the Securities are at the time of their 
issuance legally and factually offered in the form of securities to an indefinite number of persons (public 
offer) and do not qualify as equity or units in a non-Austrian investment fund within the meaning of § 
188 of the Austrian Investment Fund Act 2011 (Investmentfondsgesetz 2011, InvFG 2011) for Austrian 
tax purposes. The tax consequences may substantially differ if the Securities are at the time of their 
issuance not legally and factually publicly offered in the form of securities or if the Securities are 
qualified as equity instruments or (in particular if issued by a non-Austrian entity) units in a non-Austrian 
investment fund within the meaning of § 188 InvFG 2011. The Issuer does not assume responsibility for 
withholding tax at source. 
Income tax treatment of Securities  
Income classification in general 
Income from Securities is generally taxable as income from capital investments (Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen) (i.e. as interest, capital gains or income from derivatives) pursuant to § 27 Austrian 
Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz, EStG). The physical settlement of a Warrant or Security is not 
considered a taxable event if the amount of the received Securities is predefined in the terms and 
conditions. The acquisition cost of the settled Warrants or Securities has to be carried forward as the 
acquisition cost of the received Securities. Additionally received cash payments of up to 10 per cent. of 
the total nominal value of the received Securities reduce the acquisition cost of the received Securities.  
Austrian tax resident individual investors 
In case of an individual investor holding the Securities as private (i.e. non-business) assets, income tax 
is levied at the time the interest, the capital gains or the income from the derivatives is received (i.e. upon 
receipt of a cash payment). 
If interest is paid by a paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) in Austria (e.g. an Austrian credit institution, an 
Austrian branch of a non-Austrian credit institution, in certain circumstances an Austrian issuer, an 
Austrian branch of a securities service firm established in the European Union or a securities firm in the 
meaning of § 3 Austrian Securities Regulatory Act (Wertpapieraufsichtsgesetz 2018, WAG 2018)) 
Austrian withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) at a rate of 27.5 per cent. is triggered (provided that the 
Securities are at the time of their issuance both legally and factually publicly offered in the form of 
securities). In relation to capital gains and income from derivatives Austrian withholding tax at a rate of 
27.5 per cent. is triggered if (i) an Austrian securities depository (depotführende Stelle) (e.g. an Austrian 
credit institution, an Austrian branch of a non-Austrian credit institution, an Austrian branch of a 
securities services firm established in the European Union or a securities firm in the meaning of § 3 WAG 
2018 ) is involved in the execution of the respective transaction (e.g. if the Securities are deposited with 
an Austrian securities depository) or (ii) in the absence of an Austrian securities depository involved in 
the execution of the respective transaction, if the payment is credited by an Austrian paying agent (see 
above) and the non-Austrian securities depository is a non-Austrian branch or group company of such 
Austrian paying agent and processes the realisation in cooperation with the Austrian paying agent. Such 
Austrian withholding tax is final (i.e., the investor does not have to include such income in the income 
tax return). In the absence of an Austrian paying agent or an Austrian securities depository (i.e. if no 
Austrian withholding tax is deducted), the investor must include interest, capital gains or income from

--- Page 830 ---
Taxation 
817 
derivatives (e.g. in case of Warrants or Certificates) in the income tax return and such income is taxed at 
a rate of 27.5 per cent. unless a Liechtenstein paying agent (Zahlstelle, within the meaning of Art 2(1)(e) 
of the bilateral Treaty between the Republic of Austria and the Principality of Liechtenstein on 
Cooperation in the Area of Taxation (in force since 1 January 2014)), which has been set up no later than 
31 December 2016 has withheld final withholding tax under the Liechtenstein withholding tax act 
implementing the treaty. Such final withholding tax discharges the investor's Austrian income tax 
liability. If realised as business income or employment income, capital gains and income from derivatives 
need to be included in the income tax return in any case. 
The 27.5 per cent. (Austrian withholding) tax rate is subject to the relevant Securities being at the time 
of their issuance both legally and factually publicly offered. An investor may opt for taxation at the 
progressive income tax rate of up to 55 per cent. (so-called option for regular taxation, 
Regelbesteuerungsoption). However, the option may not be exercised for particular interest payments 
from the Securities only. Rather, if this option is exercised, the individual's regular progressive income 
tax rate will apply to any other income from capital investments which would otherwise be subject to the 
special 27.5 per cent. (including but not limited to any capital gains realised upon the sale of stocks or 
bonds, dividends or income from derivatives) or 25 per cent. tax rate (i.e. interest income from savings 
accounts or other non-securitised debt claims against credit institutions). Whether the use of the option 
is beneficial from a tax perspective should be determined by consulting a tax advisor. Expenses that are 
directly economically connected to income from the Securities, e.g., interest expenses from third-party 
financing or banking fees, are not deductible for income tax purposes (which also applies in the case of 
the exercise of the option for regular taxation). 
Withdrawals and other transfers of Securities from the securities account (Entnahmen und sonstiges 
Ausscheiden aus dem Depot) are in general deemed as a disposal of the Securities resulting in taxation 
of any unrealised capital gains in the Securities. 
As an exception to this general rule, withdrawals and other transfers of Securities from an investor’s 
securities account are not treated as taxable disposals (sales), if Austria's taxation right with respect to 
the Securities is not being restricted and if specified exemptions pursuant to § 27(6)(2) EStG are met, 
such as (a) the transfer of the Securities to a securities account owned by the same taxpayer with the 
same Austrian securities depository (bank), (b) the transfer of the Securities to a securities account owned 
by the same taxpayer with another Austrian securities depository (bank) if the account holder has 
instructed the transferring securities depository to disclose the acquisition costs of the Securities to the 
receiving securities depository, (c) the transfer of the Securities from an Austrian securities depository 
to a securities account owned by the same taxpayer with a non-Austrian securities depository (bank) 
provided that the account holder has instructed the transferring securities depository to transmit the 
pertaining information to the competent Austrian tax office within one month, (d) the transfer of the 
Securities from a non-Austrian securities depository to a securities account owned by the same taxpayer 
with another non-Austrian securities depository (bank) provided that the taxpayer has notified the 
competent Austrian tax office within one month, or (e) the transfer without consideration to a securities 
account held by another taxpayer, if the fact that the transfer has been made without consideration has 
been evidenced to the securities depository or if the securities depository has been instructed by the 
taxpayer to inform the competent Austrian tax office thereof within one month, or (f) the transfer of the 
Securities in the course of a restructuring measure (Umgründung) under the Austrian Reorganisation Tax 
Act (Umgründungssteuergesetz, UmGrStG) if the account holder has instructed the securities depository 
to disclose the relevant information to the competent Austrian tax office within one month. In the case 
of a transfer of the Securities from a non-Austrian securities depository to a different depot, the taxpayer 
has to notify the competent Austrian tax office.  
Furthermore, the transfer of the investor's tax residence (Wegzug) or deposit account outside of Austria, 
the transfer of the Securities to a non-resident for no consideration (unentgeltliche Übertragung) or any 
other circumstances which lead to a restriction of Austria's taxing right with respect to the Securities are, 
in general, deemed as disposal of the Securities resulting in the taxation of any unrealised capital gains 
inherent in the Securities (exit taxation). Upon application of the taxpayer, the assessment of exit taxation 
of the Securities held as private assets can be deferred until the actual disposal of the Securities in case 
the investor transfers their tax residence outside of Austria to an EU Member State or a member state of 
the European Economic Area or transfers the Securities for no consideration to another individual 
resident in an EU Member State or a member state of the European Economic Area. In all other cases 
leading to a restriction of Austria's taxation right in respect of the Securities vis-à-vis an EU Member 
State or a member state of the European Economic Area the taxpayer may apply for a payment of the

--- Page 831 ---
Taxation 
818 
triggered income tax in instalments over a period of five years. In the event that the Securities represent 
current business assets (Umlaufvermögen), a payment period of two years applies instead. 
An investor may file an application to offset losses from the Securities in the course of the tax assessment, 
however, limitations apply pursuant to which negative income from the alienation of Securities or from 
derivatives may not be set off against interest income from savings accounts or other non-securitised 
debt claims against credit institutions (except for manufactured payments (Ausgleichszahlungen) and 
lending fees (Leihgebühren)), from participations as a silent partner or distributions effected by 
foundations within the meaning of § 27(5)(7) EStG. Further, losses from Securities that qualify for the 
27.5 per cent. tax rate may not be offset against income subject to the progressive income tax rate, e.g. 
income from securities that were at the time of their issuance legally or factually not publicly offered. In 
addition, losses may not be offset against any income from other income categories (Einkunftsarten). 
These restrictions equally apply in case of an exercise of the option for regular taxation. Furthermore, 
losses from the sale of the Securities held as private assets may not be carried forward to subsequent 
years. Austrian securities depositories are obliged to automatically offset losses pursuant to § 93(6) EStG 
(subject to certain exemptions). 
Austrian private foundations 
Private foundations pursuant to the Austrian Private Foundations Act (Privatstiftungsgesetz) fulfilling 
the prerequisites provided by § 13(6) Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act (Körperschaftsteuergesetz, 
KStG) and holding Securities as a non-business asset are subject to interim taxation at a rate of 23 per 
cent. with interest income, income from realised capital gains and income from derivatives (the income 
subject to interim taxation is reduced by the amount of distributions by the private foundation to 
beneficiaries to the extent that Austrian withholding tax was levied on such distributions). According to 
the wording of the statute, interest income from Securities that are at the time of their issuance not legally 
and factually publicly offered is not subject to interim taxation but rather to corporate income tax at a 
rate of 23 per cent.. Under the conditions set forth in § 94(12) EStG and upon submission of a digital 
exemption declaration (digitale Befreiungserklärung) pursuant to § 94(15) EStG, no Austrian 
withholding tax is levied on the interest income, income from realised capital gains and income from 
derivatives generated in connection with the Securities. 
Austrian tax resident corporate investors 
A corporation subject to unlimited corporate income tax liability in Austria will be subject to Austrian 
corporate income tax at a rate of 23 per cent.. If the requirements for Austrian withholding tax (see 
already the section "Austrian tax resident individual investors" above) are met, corporate investors are 
equally subject to Austrian withholding tax. In case of corporations (within the meaning of § 1(1) KStG) 
receiving income from the Securities, the Austrian paying agent or securities depository shall be entitled 
to withhold Austrian withholding tax at a rate of only 23 per cent. instead of the general Austrian 
withholding tax rate of 27.5 per cent.. The Austrian withholding tax may be triggered but is creditable 
against the corporate investor's Austrian corporate income tax liability or, if and to the extent it exceeds 
such corporate income tax liability, refundable. A corporation may file a digital exemption declaration 
pursuant to the requirements set forth in § 94(5) and (15) EStG in order to avoid that Austrian withholding 
tax is levied. 
Non-Austrian tax resident investors 
Pursuant to § 98 EStG, non-Austrian resident individuals are not subject to Austrian limited income tax 
liability on interest income, income from realised capital gains and income from derivatives received for 
tax purposes from the Securities provided that (i) the respective income is not attributable to an Austrian 
located permanent establishment of the recipient and not received as part of taxable employment income, 
and (ii) only with regard to interest income (including accrued interest), the debtor has its domicile, seat 
and place of effective management outside of Austria and is not an Austrian branch of a non-Austrian 
credit institution and the underlying financial instrument has not been issued by an Austrian issuer. 
Furthermore, interest income received by non-Austrian resident individuals that are resident in a state 
with which an automatic exchange of information is in place is only taxable in Austria if the respective 
interest income is attributable to a permanent establishment in Austria or if received as part of taxable 
employment income.

--- Page 832 ---
Taxation 
819 
Non-Austrian resident corporate investors are, under § 21 KStG in connection with § 98 EStG, not 
subject to Austrian corporate income tax liability on interest income, income from realised capital gains 
and income from derivatives received for tax purposes from the Securities provided that the respective 
income is not attributable to an Austrian located permanent establishment. 
An Austrian paying agent or Austrian securities depository may abstain from levying the 27.5 per cent. 
or the 23 per cent. Austrian withholding tax pursuant to either § 94(5) or (13) EStG. If any Austrian 
withholding tax is deducted by an Austrian paying agent or Austrian securities depository on income 
received by a non-resident investor not subject to limited Austrian (corporate) income tax liability, the 
non-resident investor can apply for a refund by filing an application with the competent Austrian tax 
authority (within five calendar years following the year of the imposition of the Austrian withholding 
tax). Before filing a refund request, an advance notification (Vorausmeldung) has to be filed 
electronically with the competent Austrian tax authority. The advance notification can be filed only after 
the end of the year in the course of which the tax has been withheld and needs to be enclosed to the 
refund request with delivery confirmation as well as a residence certificate. 
Where non-residents receive income from the Securities as part of business income taxable in Austria 
(e.g. due to the attribution to an Austrian located permanent establishment), they will, in general, be 
subject to the same tax treatment as resident investors. 
Austrian Stamp and Transfer Taxes 
The subscription, issue, placement, allotment, delivery or transfer (unless by way of a cession) of a 
Security will not be subject to stamp tax, transfer tax or any other similar tax or duty payable in Austria. 
Austrian Gift, Inheritance and Wealth Taxes 
Austria does not levy any gift, inheritance or wealth taxes. 
However, certain gratuitous transfers of assets to (Austrian or foreign) private law foundations and 
comparable legal estates (privatrechtliche Stiftungen und damit vergleichbare Vermögensmassen) are 
subject to foundation entrance tax (Stiftungseingangssteuer) pursuant to the Austrian Foundation 
Entrance Tax Act (Stiftungseingangssteuergesetz, StiftEG). Such tax is triggered if the transferor and/or 
the transferee at the time of transfer have their domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat or their 
place of effective management in Austria. Certain exemptions apply in case of a transfer mortis causa, 
in particular for bank deposits and publicly placed bonds. The tax basis is the fair market value of the 
assets transferred minus any debts, calculated at the time of transfer. The tax rate is in general 2.5 per 
cent., with a higher rate of 25 per cent. applying in special cases. 
In addition, a special notification obligation exists for gifts of money, receivables, shares in corporations, 
participations in partnerships, businesses, movable tangible assets and intangibles. The notification 
obligation applies if the donor and/or the donee have their domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat 
or their place of effective management in Austria. Not all gifts are covered by the notification obligation: 
In case of gifts to certain related parties, a threshold of € 50,000 per year applies; in all other cases, a 
notification is obligatory if the value of gifts made exceeds an amount of € 15,000 during a period of five 
years. Furthermore, gratuitous transfers to foundations falling under the StiftEG as described above are 
also exempt from the notification obligation. Intentional violation of the notification obligation may lead 
to the levying of penalties of up to 10 per cent. of the fair market value of the assets transferred. 
Belgium Taxation 
The following overview describes the principal Belgian tax considerations with respect to the holding of 
the Securities.  
This information is of a general nature and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all 
Belgian tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, to hold or to dispose of the 
Securities. In some cases, different rules can be applicable. Furthermore, the tax rules can be amended 
in the future, possibly implemented with retroactive effect, and the interpretation of the tax rules may 
change.

--- Page 833 ---
Taxation 
820 
This overview is based on Belgian tax legislation, treaties, rules, and administrative interpretations and 
similar documentation, in force as of the date of the publication of this Base Prospectus, without 
prejudice to any amendments introduced at a later date, even if implemented with retroactive effect. 
Unless otherwise stated herein, this overview does not describe the tax consequences for a holder of 
Securities that are redeemable in exchange for, or convertible into assets, of the exercise, settlement or 
redemption of such Securities or any tax consequences after the moment of exercise, settlement or 
redemption. 
Each prospective holder of Securities should consult a professional adviser with respect to the tax 
consequences of an investment in the Securities, taking into account the influence of each regional, local 
or federal law. 
Belgian tax regime regarding Notes and Certificates 
Belgian withholding tax and income tax treatment
(i)
Tax treatment of Belgian resident individuals 
Individuals who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. individuals subject to the Belgian individual 
income tax ("Personenbelasting" / "Impôt des personnes physiques"), and who hold the Notes and/or 
Certificates as a private investment are subject to the following tax treatment in Belgium with respect to 
the Notes and/or Certificates. Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals holding the Notes 
and/or Certificates not as a private investment but in the framework of their professional activity or when 
the transactions with respect to the Notes and/or Certificates fall outside the scope of the normal 
management of their own private estate or have a speculative character.  
Under Belgian tax law, "interest" income includes: (i) periodic interest income, (ii) any amount paid by 
the Issuer in excess of the Issue Price (whether or not on the Maturity Date), and (iii) if the Notes and/or 
Certificates qualify as "fixed income securities" (in the meaning of article 2, §1, 8° Belgian Income Tax 
Code), in the case of a realisation of the Notes and/or Certificates prior to repurchase or redemption by 
the Issuer, the income equal to the pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to the holding period. In 
general, Notes and/or Certificates are qualified as fixed income securities if there is a causal link between 
the amount of interest income and the detention period of the Notes and/or Certificates, on the basis of 
which it is possible to calculate the amount of pro rata interest income at the moment of the sale of the 
Notes and/or Certificates during their lifetime. In addition, based on its circular letter of 25 January 2013 
on the tax treatment of income of structured securities, the Belgian Tax Administration is of the opinion 
that securities with a return linked to one or more underlying reference assets, such as a basket of shares, 
a share index, etc., should also be considered as fixed income securities. 
Payments of interest on the Notes and/or Certificates as referred to under (i) and (ii) above made through 
a paying agent or other financial intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. 
withholding tax in Belgium (calculated on the interest received after deduction of any non-Belgian 
withholding taxes). The Belgian withholding tax constitutes in principle the final income tax for Belgian 
resident individuals, who do not have to report the interest income in their personal income tax return 
provided the withholding tax was effectively levied, save where declaring the interest and crediting the 
retained withholding tax would be more beneficial from a tax perspective.  
If the interest is paid outside of Belgium without the intervention of a paying agent or other financial 
intermediary in Belgium or if otherwise no withholding tax is levied, the interest received on the Notes 
and/or Certificates (after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding tax) must be declared in the personal 
income tax return of the holder of Notes and/or Certificates and will in principle be taxed at a flat rate of 
30 per cent. 
Capital gains realised upon the sale of the Notes and/or Certificates are under current law in principle tax 
exempt, unless the capital gains are realised outside the scope of the normal management of one's private 
estate or are speculative in nature or unless and to the extent the capital gains qualify as interest (as 
defined above). Capital losses are under current law in principle not tax deductible. The Belgian 
government plans, however, to introduce a ‘solidarity surcharge’ of 10% on capital gains on financial 
assets realized as from financial year 2026. 
(ii)
Tax treatment of Belgian resident corporations

--- Page 834 ---
Taxation 
821 
Corporations that are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e., corporations subject to Belgian corporate 
income tax ("Vennootschapsbelasting" / "Impôt des sociétés"), are subject to the following tax treatment 
in Belgium with respect to the Notes and/or Certificates.  
Interest derived by Belgian corporate investors on the Notes and/or Certificates and capital gains realised 
on the Notes and/or Certificates will be subject to Belgian corporate income tax at the ordinary rate of 
25 per cent.. Small and medium-sized companies are taxable – subject to conditions – at a reduced 
corporate tax rate of 20 per cent. for the first EUR 100,000 of taxable profits. Capital losses on the Notes 
and/or Certificates are in principle tax deductible. 
Payments of interest (as defined in (i) and (ii) of the section "Tax treatment of Belgian resident 
individuals") on the Notes and/or Certificates made through a paying agent or other financial 
intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium 
(calculated on the interest received after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding taxes). However, the 
interest can under certain circumstances be exempt from withholding tax, provided a special certificate 
is delivered. The Belgian withholding tax that has been levied is creditable and refundable in accordance 
with the applicable legal provisions. Any non-Belgian withholding tax could form the object of a Belgian 
foreign tax credit. 
(iii)
Tax treatment of Organisations for Financing Pensions 
Belgian pension fund entities that have the form of an Organisation for Financing Pensions ("OFP") are 
in general subject to Belgian corporate income tax ("Vennootschapsbelasting" / "Impôt des sociétés"). 
OFPs are subject to the following tax treatment in Belgium with respect to the Notes and/or Certificates. 
Interest derived on the Notes and/or Certificates and capital gains realised on the Notes and/or 
Certificates will not be subject to Belgian corporate income tax in the hands of OFPs. Any Belgian 
withholding tax that has been levied is creditable and refundable in accordance with the applicable legal 
provisions. Capital losses on the Notes and/or Certificates are in principle not tax deductible. 
(iv)
Tax treatment of other Belgian legal entities 
Legal entities that are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. that are subject to the Belgian tax on legal 
entities ("Rechtspersonenbelasting" / "Impôt des personnes morales"), are subject to the following tax 
treatment in Belgium with respect to the Notes and/or Certificates.  
Payments of interest (as defined in (i) and (ii) of the section "Tax treatment of Belgian resident 
individuals") on the Notes and/or Certificates made through a paying agent or other financial 
intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium and no 
further tax on legal entities will be due on the interest. 
However, if the interest is paid outside of Belgium, i.e. without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent 
or other financial intermediary and without deduction of the Belgian withholding tax, or if otherwise no 
Belgian withholding tax is levied, the legal entity itself is liable for the payment of the Belgian 30 per 
cent. withholding tax. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes and/or Certificates are in principle tax exempt, unless and 
to the extent the capital gain qualifies as interest (as defined in the section entitled "Tax treatment of 
Belgian resident individuals"). Capital losses on the Notes and/or Certificates are in principle not tax 
deductible.  
(v)
Tax treatment of Belgian non-residents 
The interest income on the Notes and/or Certificates paid to a Belgian non-resident outside of Belgium, 
i.e. without the intervention of a paying agent or other financial intermediary in Belgium, is not subject 
to Belgian withholding tax. 
Interest income on the Notes and/or Certificates paid through a Belgian paying agent or other financial 
intermediary will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. Belgian withholding tax, unless the holder is 
resident in a country with which Belgium has concluded a double taxation agreement which is in force 
and delivers the requested affidavit.

--- Page 835 ---
Taxation 
822 
Non-resident holders that have not allocated the Notes and/or Certificates to business activities in 
Belgium can also obtain an exemption from Belgian withholding tax on interest if the interest is paid 
through a Belgian credit institution, a Belgian stock broker company or a licensed Belgian clearing or 
settlement institution and provided that the non-resident (i) is the full legal owner or usufructuary of the 
Notes and/or Certificates, (ii) has not allocated the Notes and/or Certificates to business activities in 
Belgium and (iii) delivers an affidavit confirming his non-resident status and the fulfilment of conditions 
(i) and (ii). 
Non-resident holders using the Notes and/or Certificates to exercise a professional activity in Belgium 
through a permanent establishment are subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian resident corporations 
(see above).  
Non-resident holders who do not allocate the Notes and/or Certificates to a professional activity in 
Belgium are not subject to Belgian income tax, save, as the case may be, in the form of withholding tax.  
Belgian tax regime regarding Warrants 
Investors are in principle subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Warrants. Other rules 
can be applicable in special situations, such as when the return on the underlying is fixed in advance, in 
which case the holders of the Warrants may be subject to the tax regime applicable to the Notes and 
Certificates. 
This overview does not address the tax consequences after the moment of exercise, settlement or 
redemption of the Warrants. 
Belgian withholding tax and income tax treatment
(i)
Tax treatment of Belgian resident individuals 
Individuals who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. individuals subject to the Belgian individual 
income tax ("Personenbelasting" / "Impôt des personnes physiques"), and who hold the Warrants as a 
private investment, are in principle subject to the following tax treatment in Belgium with respect to 
Warrants.  
Private individual investors are under current law in principle not liable to income tax on gains realised 
on the disposal or settlement of Warrants held as a private investment, unless and to the extent that the 
gain qualifies as interest income. Losses are not tax deductible under current law. Reference is made to 
the above comment on the plan to introduce a ‘solidarity surcharge’ on capital gains on financial assets. 
Other tax rules may be applicable with respect to Warrants that are held for professional purposes and 
transactions with Warrants falling outside the scope of the normal management of one's own private 
estate or which are speculative in nature. 
(ii)
Tax treatment of Belgian resident corporations 
Corporations that are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e., corporations subject to Belgian corporate 
income tax ("Vennootschapsbelasting" / "Impôt des sociétés"), are in principle subject to the following 
tax treatment in Belgium with respect to Warrants. Belgian corporations will be subject to the ordinary 
Belgian corporate income tax of 25 per cent. (or 20 per cent. on the first EUR 100,000 of profits for small 
and medium-sized companies, subject to conditions) on the gains realised on the disposal or cash 
settlement of the Warrants. Losses are in principle deductible. 
However, in the event of a physical settlement of assets upon exercise of Warrants, Belgian corporations 
in principle have to record the assets received upon exercise at a value equal to the premium paid for the 
Warrants increased with the strike price of the Warrants.  
(iii)
Tax treatment of Organisations for Financing Pensions 
Belgian pension fund entities that have the form of an OFP are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
("Vennootschapsbelasting" / "Impôt des sociétés"). OFPs are in principle subject to the following tax 
treatment in Belgium with respect to Warrants.

--- Page 836 ---
Taxation 
823 
Belgian OFPs are not liable for income tax on gains realised on the disposal or settlement of the Warrants. 
(iv)
Tax treatment of other Belgian legal entities 
Legal entities that are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. that are subject to the Belgian tax on legal 
entities ("Rechtspersonenbelasting" / "Impôt des personnes morales"), are in principle subject to the 
following tax treatment in Belgium with respect to Warrants. 
Belgian legal entities are in principle not liable to income tax on gains realised on the disposal or 
settlement of the Warrants, unless and to the extent that the gain qualifies as interest. Losses are not tax 
deductible. 
(v)
Tax treatment of Belgian non-residents 
Non-resident Warrant holders who do not allocate the Warrants to a professional activity in Belgium are 
in principle not subject to Belgian income tax on gains realised on the disposal or settlement of the 
Warrants. 
Non-residents who hold the Warrants in exercise of a professional activity in Belgium through a 
permanent establishment are subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian residents.  
Stock exchange tax and tax on repurchase transactions 
A stock exchange tax ("Taks op de beursverrichtingen" / "Taxe sur les operations de bourse") is levied 
on the purchase and sale in Belgium of the Securities on a secondary market through a professional 
intermediary. A transaction is deemed to take place in Belgium if the order is transmitted directly or 
indirectly to an intermediary established outside of Belgium by a physical person with normal residence 
in Belgium or by a legal person on behalf of a seat or establishment located in Belgium. 
The rate applicable for secondary sales and purchases in Belgium through a professional intermediary is 
0.35 per cent., with a maximum amount of EUR 1,600 per transaction and per party. The tax rate is 0.12 
per cent. for bonds and similar debt instruments, with a maximum of EUR 1,300 per transaction and per 
party. A separate tax is due from each of the seller and the purchaser, both collected by the professional 
intermediary. 
However, the tax on stock exchange transactions referred to above will not be payable by certain exempt 
persons acting for their own account, including non-residents (subject to certain formalities) and certain 
Belgian institutional investors, as defined in Article 126-1, 2° of the Code of various duties and taxes 
("Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen" / "Code des droits et taxes divers"). 
The Law of 17 February 2021 (see below under "Annual tax on securities accounts") introduced a general 
anti-abuse provision in the Code of various duties and taxes with effect from 26 February 2021. 
Annual tax on securities accounts 
The Law of 17 February 2021 introduced an annual tax on securities accounts. An annual tax of 0.15% 
will be levied on securities accounts of which the average value of the taxable financial instruments 
(covering, amongst others, financial instruments such as bonds, notes and warrants) held thereon during 
a reference period of twelve consecutive months (in principle) starting on 1 October and ending on 30 
September of the subsequent year, would exceed EUR 1 million. The tax base will be established by 
reference to four reference dates, i.e. 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September. The amount 
of the tax due will be limited to 10% of the difference between said average value of the taxable financial 
instruments and the threshold of EUR 1 million. The tax will target securities accounts held by resident 
individuals, companies and other legal entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a 
financial intermediary which is incorporated or established in Belgium or abroad. The tax will also apply 
to securities accounts held by non-resident individuals, companies and other legal entities with a financial 
intermediary incorporated or established in Belgium. There are various exemptions, such as securities 
accounts held by specific types of regulated entities for their own account. 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank and 
foreign central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in Article 
198/1, §6, 12° of the Belgian Income Tax Code, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm as defined

--- Page 837 ---
Taxation 
824 
by Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions and 
stockbroking firms and (iv) the investment companies as defined by Article 3, §1 of the Law of 25 
October 2016 on access to the activity of investment services and on the legal status and supervision of 
portfolio management and investment advice companies, which are, pursuant to national law, admitted 
to hold financial instruments for the account of clients. 
A Belgian intermediary is an intermediary incorporated under Belgian law, as well as an intermediary 
established in Belgium. A Belgian intermediary withholds, declares and pays the tax to the Belgian 
treasury. In all other cases, the holder of the securities account must declare and pay the tax, unless 
evidence of the fact that the tax was already declared and paid by an intermediary incorporated or 
established in Belgium or not.   
Intermediaries not incorporated or established in Belgium can appoint a responsible representative 
established in Belgium, who will be jointly and severally liable for the declaration and payment of the 
tax and for all other formalities. 
The specific anti-abuse provision covering certain transactions regarding securities accounts executed as 
from 30 October 2020, i.e. splitting of a securities account in multiple securities accounts held with the 
same intermediary and the conversion of taxable financial instruments held in a securities account in 
financial instruments in registered form, was annulled by the Belgian Constitutional Court in its decision 
of 27 October 2022. In addition, the date of entry into force of the general anti-abuse provision of the 
Code of various duties and taxes in respect of the annual tax, i.e. 30 October 2020, was also annulled by 
the Constitutional Court in the same decision. 
The Law of 17 February 2021 entered into force on 26 February 2021, i.e. the day following its 
publication on the Belgian State Gazette. 
Estate and gift tax 
(A)
Individuals resident in Belgium 
An estate tax is levied on the value of the Securities transferred as part of a Belgian resident's estate. 
Gifts of Securities in Belgium are subject to gift tax, unless the gift is made by way of a purely physical 
delivery of bearer Securities (if any) or otherwise without written evidence of the gift being submitted to 
the Belgian Tax Administration. However, estate taxes on donated Securities are not due if a person can 
demonstrate that the gift occurred more than five years preceding the death of the grantor. 
(B)
Individuals not resident in Belgium 
There is no Belgian estate tax on the transfer of Securities on the death of a Belgian non-resident. Gifts 
of Securities in Belgium are subject to gift tax, unless the gift is made by way of a purely physical delivery 
of bearer Securities (if any) or otherwise without written evidence of the gift being submitted to the 
Belgian Tax Administration. 
Czech Republic Taxation 
The following discussion is a brief overview of Czech tax considerations relating to Securities. The 
overview is based on legislation as at the date of this document and is intended to provide general 
information only. The tax treatment of each holder can depend on the holder's specific situation. This 
description does not deal comprehensively with all tax consequences that may occur for holders of 
Securities and does not purport to deal with all tax consequences. It is strongly recommended that 
potential investors consult their own tax advisers for information with respect to the special tax 
consequences that may arise as a result of holding Securities, including the applicability and effect of 
foreign tax rules, provisions contained in double taxation treaties and other rules which may be 
applicable. 
The Securities are issued by the Issuers and if they are presented as derivative financial instruments based 
on Czech law, they may be considered as securities (hereafter "Real securities") or may not be 
considered as securities (hereafter "Non-real securities"). As the exact treatment can have an impact on 
the tax consequences, we would strongly recommend consulting with a specialist to determine the exact 
legal status of the Securities.

--- Page 838 ---
Taxation 
825 
The Securities generate interest/dividend equivalent payments, the redemption amount or amount to be 
paid or delivered on the settlement or income from the sale.  
As the Czech Republic does not recognise the concept of beneficial ownership, the legal ownership of 
the Securities is decisive for determining the taxation of income derived from their holding or from 
transactions with them. If the Security is owned by someone else other than the individual 
investors/corporations (typically by the broker) and there is only some internal supporting evidence 
according to which the gain from the holding and/or sale of the Security is divided between the individual 
investors/corporations kept by the broker, then the Security does not represent the Security owned by the 
individual investor/corporations. The broker is considered the owner of the Security in such a case and 
the funds collected from the individual investors/corporations are not seen as invested into the Securities. 
Czech tax resident individual 
Interest and dividend 
(i)
Real securities 
All income derived from the holding of an asset (such as interest payments, dividends or other income) 
should be reported as capital income. 
The capital income from a non-Czech company should be taxed in the Czech Republic under the 
responsibility of the individual investor through the filing of a Czech personal income tax return. The 
investors can choose whether they (i) would include the interest income from abroad to the general tax 
base together with other kinds of their income as the capital income (article 8 of the Act no 586/1992 
Coll., Income Taxes Act, as currently amended, hereafter "ITA") and tax it according to the rules 
described in section 1.3.1 or (ii) whether they will utilise the so called separate tax base.  
In (i), the progressive taxation applies but it is potentially possible to compensate the gain in the form of 
interest/dividend with the loss from other activities (entrepreneurial and rental activities).  
In (ii), the full amount of the interest/dividend income is taxable, but the flat rate of 15 % applies on 
taxation of the whole income.  
If there has been possibly a tax withheld at source abroad in accordance with the relevant double tax 
treaty, the elimination of double taxation of the same income can be done in the Czech Republic and the 
tax duly paid abroad can be credited against the Czech tax liability. The double taxation elimination will 
rather apply in case of dividend income, as most of the double tax treaties allocate the taxing right on 
interest income to the country of residence. Therefore, we presume that the elimination of double taxation 
will apply only in rare cases where the Securities will generate income in the form of interest. 
The above treatment applies for all individuals – private investors as well as entrepreneurs regardless of 
their entrepreneurial activity. 
(ii)
Non-real securities 
Interest/dividend from such investments still represents the increase of the property of the individual 
investor, but compared to the interest/dividend from Securities, it should be taxed as the other income 
according to article 10 of ITA under the rules described in the section 1.3.1.  
There should be no tax withheld at source abroad which would be considered paid by the individual 
investor, so if any tax is withheld in a foreign country, it might be seen by the Czech authorities as not 
creditable against the Czech tax liability of the individual and therefore the risk of double taxation of the 
same income might occur.  
The above tax treatment applies for the individuals who do not perform the entrepreneurial activity as 
well as on those, who perform the entrepreneurial activity, but the investment is not part of it. The 
individuals whose entrepreneurial activity includes investment in securities should consider the gain as 
part of their total entrepreneurial income and tax it accordingly. 
Redemption

--- Page 839 ---
Taxation 
826 
(i)
Real securities 
The income from redemption is considered capital income. The tax base from this income is represented 
by the difference between the nominal value of Securities or the amount paid out during its preliminary 
redemption and the amount for which the individual investor has acquired the Securities. The individual 
investor is liable to include this amount to their Czech personal income tax return (filed as an individual 
taxpayer) as the capital income into the general tax base and tax it according to the rules described in the 
section 1.3.1. 
If tax has possibly been withheld at source abroad in accordance with the relevant double tax treaty, the 
elimination of double taxation of the same income can be done in the Czech Republic and the tax duly 
paid abroad can be credited against the Czech tax liability. However, most of the double tax treaties 
allocate the taxing right on redemption income to the country of residence, so we presume that the 
elimination of double taxation will apply only in rare cases, if any. 
The above treatment applies for all individuals – private investors as well as entrepreneurs regardless of 
their entrepreneurial activity. 
(ii)
Non-real securities 
The consequences of the redemption of the non-real securities should be the same as described in the 
section 1.1.2 above. 
Sale of Securities 
(i)
Real securities 
Income from the sale of securities may, under certain conditions, be considered free of tax. These 
conditions are as follows: 

the total amount of revenues generated from the sale of securities in the particular calendar year 
does not exceed the amount of CZK 100,000; or 

the period between the acquisition of the security and its sale has exceeded 3 years. 
If any of the above conditions are met, the income from the sale of securities is free of the Czech personal 
income tax, and the individual does not have the obligation to declare this income in their Czech personal 
income tax return.  
The only duty arises if the revenue from the single sale of security made by the individual exceeds the 
amount of CZK 5,000,000 – in such case, even if the income is free of tax, the individual must file a so-
called Declaration of tax free income to the relevant Czech tax authority. Late filing of the Declaration 
or failure to file it is penalised. 
Until the end of 2024, there was no limit for such tax-free income in case the time test of three years 
ownership is met. As of 2025, the amendment of the Czech tax legislation limits such tax free income to 
CZK 40,000,000 per calendar year. 
The above exemption from taxation applies for the individuals who do not perform the entrepreneurial 
activity as well as for those who perform the entrepreneurial activity, but the investment is not part of it 
and the securities are not included in their business property.  
If the conditions for the above preferential tax treatment are not met, the income from the sale of 
securities is taxable. The individual must report it in their annual Czech personal income tax return as 
the income from the sale of securities under article 10 or as the part of the entrepreneurial income if the 
trading with securities is a part of their entrepreneurial activity.  
The taxable income is represented by the difference between the income from the sale of securities and 
the purchase price, further reduced by potential brokerage fees paid by the investor in connection with 
the purchase and/or sale of the security, or in the case of individual entrepreneurs whose business activity 
includes trading with securities it should be included in their  total entrepreneurial income which is then 
reduced by total tax deductible expenses.

--- Page 840 ---
Taxation 
827 
This taxable income forms part of the general tax base of the individual investor. The general tax base 
comprises the sum of all types of taxable income of the individual, and is taxed at progressive tax rates 
of: 15% (up to the taxable income amount of CZK 1,582,812 in 2024 or CZK 1,676,052 in 2025) and 
23% (applicable on excess). If a loss is generated, it cannot be utilised for the tax purposes and the tax 
base from the sale of securities should amount to zero, except for cases where such loss is generated from 
entrepreneurial activity. 
If tax has potentially been withheld at source or paid abroad in accordance with the relevant double tax 
treaty, the elimination of double taxation of the same income can be done in the Czech Republic and the 
tax duly paid abroad can be credited against the Czech tax liability. However, most double tax treaties 
allocate the taxing right on income from the sale of the securities to the country of residence, so we 
presume that the elimination of double taxation will only apply in rare cases, if any. 
(ii)
Non-real securities 
If the Securities cannot be considered Real securities based on Czech law, the income from their sale 
should be considered income from the sale of other assets according to a different section of article 10 
of the ITA. This applies to individuals who do not trade securities as part of their entrepreneurial activity. 
For those who do, the income is considered as part of their self-employment income if their 
entrepreneurial activity consists of (among others) trading with non-real securities.  
In such case, no preferential tax treatment applies to the taxation of such income. The taxable income is 
represented by the difference between the income from the sale of the securities and their purchase price, 
or is part of the total entrepreneurial income of the individual. The individual investors have to include 
it in their annual Czech personal income tax return together with their other taxable income and tax it 
accordingly (apply progressive tax rates of 15% up to CZK 1,582,812 in 2024 or CZK 1,676,052 in 2025 
and 23% applicable on excess). The loss cannot be utilised for tax purposes, except for cases where such 
loss is generated from entrepreneurial activity. 
Gift and Inheritance Tax 
A gift generally represents income according to section 10 of the ITA.  
A gift can be free of tax if the recipient has received it from a relative in the sufficient degree of kinship. 
If the value of the gift exceeds the amount of CZK 5,000,000, the recipient may be liable to report the 
information regarding this tax free income to the Czech tax authority.  
If the gift is provided by another type of donor, the gift can be free of tax for the recipient if the gift is 
received occasionally and, at the same time, the annual value of all gifts received from the same donor 
does not exceed the amount of CZK 50,000.  
These tax exemptions might not apply for individual entrepreneurs. 
When the gift is taxable, the taxation is under the responsibility of the recipients and should be done 
through their filing of the Czech personal income tax return under the rules described in the section 1.3.1. 
The income generated by the individual as part of an inheritance is free of tax.  
If the gifted or inherited income (i.e. the Securities in this case) generates any additional income (e.g., 
dividends, interest, proceeds from redemption or sale of the Securities, etc.), such income is not tax-
exempt and should be taxed in accordance with the general rules outlined in this document. 
Stamp tax 
The Czech Republic does not impose any stamp tax. 
Czech tax non-resident individual 
Note: The mere acquisition, holding, or disposal of the Securities will not render the individual a Czech 
tax resident. 
Interest/dividend

--- Page 841 ---
Taxation 
828 
The interest/dividend income from the foreign Issuer under the Security is not considered Czech source 
and therefore is not taxable in the Czech Republic. This treatment applies for all individuals – private 
investors as well as entrepreneurs regardless of their entrepreneurial activity. 
It may potentially become taxable for interest/dividends from non-real securities as the part of 
entrepreneurial income of the individuals whose self-employment activity includes the investment into 
such securities and the income is attributable to their Czech permanent establishment. In such case, the 
rules described in the section 1.3.1 should apply accordingly. 
Redemption 
The income from the redemption of Securities should not be treated Czech source income and therefore 
should not be taxable in the Czech Republic. 
Sale of securities 
Income from the sale of the Security or other assets from the Issuer is not considered Czech source 
income, i.e. it should not be taxable in the Czech Republic. The only exception applies for entrepreneurs 
who can attribute this income to their Czech permanent establishment – they are liable to file their Czech 
personal income tax return and tax their entrepreneurial income accordingly. The rules described in the 
section 1.3.1 above apply here, too. 
Gift and Inheritance Tax 
Gifts provided to a Czech non-resident individual can be subject to taxation when they are considered 
from the Czech sources, unless considered free of tax. The conditions for a gift to be free of tax are the 
same as described in section 1.4 above. If the conditions are not met, the withholding tax of 15% should 
apply and the donor is responsible for its withholding and payment. 
The income generated by the individual as the part of inheritance is free of tax. 
If the gifted or inherited income (i.e. the Securities in this case) generates any additional income (e.g., 
dividends, interest, proceeds from redemption or sale of the Securities, etc.), such income is not tax-
exempt and should be taxed in accordance with the general rules outlined in this document. 
Czech Tax Residents – Corporations 
Disposal and/or Redemption of the Notes 
Any income received from the disposal and/or redemption of the Notes (including capital returns) 
constitutes part of a corporation's taxable business income. This means that such income is included in 
the corporation's general corporate income tax base. Corporations are subject to a corporate income tax, 
which, for tax periods commencing in 2024, is levied at the rate of 21% on their worldwide taxable 
income. An exception applies to basic investment funds, which are subject to a reduced corporate income 
tax rate of 5%, and pension funds, which are subject to 0% tax rate. 
The acquisition cost of the Notes, including the purchase price and associated costs, as well as any 
expenses incurred in relation to the sale, are generally deductible for tax purposes upon disposal or 
redemption. Consequently, any loss arising from the disposal or redemption of the Notes is also 
deductible from the corporation's taxable business income. 
If tax has possibly been withheld at source or paid abroad in accordance with the relevant double tax 
treaty, the elimination of double taxation of the same income can be done in the Czech Republic and the 
tax duly paid abroad can be credited against the Czech tax liability. However, most of the double tax 
treaties allocate the taxing right on income from the sale of the securities to the country of residence, so 
we presume that the elimination of double taxation will only apply in rare cases, if any. 
Interest or Compensation Comparable to Interest Paid on the Notes 
Any interest or compensation comparable to interest paid on the Notes during their respective loan period 
is included in the corporation's taxable business income on an accrual basis. This income forms part of 
the general corporate income tax base and is taxed accordingly.

--- Page 842 ---
Taxation 
829 
If tax has possibly been withheld at source or paid abroad in accordance with the relevant double tax 
treaty, the elimination of double taxation of the same income can be done in the Czech Republic and the 
tax duly paid abroad can be credited against the Czech tax liability. 
Disposal and/or Redemption of the Warrants and/or the Certificates 
Income derived from the disposal and/or redemption of Warrants or Certificates is treated as part of a 
corporation's taxable business income. Such income is generally taxed in the same manner as described 
above for the disposal and/or redemption of the Notes. 
The exercise of Warrants, when it involves the physical settlement of the underlying (third-party) 
Reference Asset, is likely to be treated as an acquisition of the underlying asset by the holder. As a result, 
no immediate taxation is triggered at the time of exercise. Instead, any subsequent sale of the physically-
settled underlying Reference Asset will trigger income taxation. 
Dividends 
In cases where any structured product yields dividends (e.g., from embedded equity instruments), such 
dividends are generally included in the recipient corporation's general corporate income tax base unless 
they qualify for exemption under the participation exemption regime (unlikely in case of the Securities). 
For dividends received from foreign sources, unless specifically exempt from tax, the income is taxed 
within a separate corporate tax base. This separate tax base is subject to a flat tax rate of 15%, distinct 
from the general corporate income tax base. 
If tax has possibly been withheld at source or paid abroad in accordance with the relevant double tax 
treaty, the elimination of double taxation of the same income can be done in the Czech Republic and the 
tax duly paid abroad can be credited against the Czech tax liability. 
Stamp tax 
The Czech Republic does not impose any stamp tax. 
Czech Tax Non-Resident Holders – Corporations 
A corporate holder of the Securities who is not a Czech tax resident is generally not subject to Czech 
taxation on capital gains (corporate income tax) or interest payments, provided that: 
(i)
the holder is not a resident of the Czech Republic for tax purposes, and 
(ii)
the holder does not carry on business activities in the Czech Republic or maintain a 
permanent establishment in the Czech Republic to which the Securities are attributable. 
Czech Tax Non-Resident Holders – Gift and Inheritance Tax 
There is no specific gift tax in the Czech Republic. However, gifts are generally treated as income and 
are therefore subject to corporate income tax (in the form of withholding tax if paid to a Czech non-
residents), unless an exemption applies. 
Similarly, there is no inheritance tax in the Czech Republic. Inheritance income is treated as taxable 
income under corporate income tax rules but is currently exempt from taxation under these provisions.  
If the gifted or inherited income (i.e. the Securities in this case) generates any additional income (e.g., 
dividends, interest, proceeds from redemption or sale of the Securities, etc.), such income is not tax-
exempt and should be taxed in accordance with the general rules outlined in this document. 
Denmark Taxation 
The following is a summary description of general Danish tax rules applicable to individual investors 
and corporate investors resident in Denmark according to the Danish tax laws in force as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, 
which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following summary does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire,

--- Page 843 ---
Taxation 
830 
hold or dispose of the Notes, Certificates and Warrants, and does not purport to deal with the tax 
consequences applicable to all categories of investors. Investors are, under all circumstances, strongly 
advised to contact their own tax advisor to clarify the individual consequences of their investment, 
holding and disposal of the Notes, Certificates and Warrants. The Issuer makes no representations 
regarding the tax consequences of purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes, Certificates and Warrants. 
The comments in the following apply only to (i) investors who are resident in Denmark, and (ii) investors 
who have a permanent establishment in Denmark to which the Notes, Certificates and Warrants can be 
attributed. 
Withholding tax 
When the Issuer is not a Danish tax resident person, Denmark does not levy withholding tax on payments 
on Notes, Certificates or non-share Warrants. 
Taxation of Securities in General 
(A)
Individual investors resident in Denmark 
Notes, Certificates and Warrants owned by individual investors who are resident in Denmark for Danish 
tax purposes may generally fall within two general categories depending on whether the interest rate 
and/or the principal is adjusted according to certain reference assets. 
For tax purposes a distinction is made between: 
i) 
Notes and Certificates considered to be regular cash receivables or debt; and 
ii) 
Financial contracts, including warrants, options, and similar derivative contracts. 
(i) Taxation of Notes and Certificates considered to be regular cash receivables or debt 
To the extent gains and losses deriving from the Notes and Certificates are included in the taxable income 
of the investor, they will be taxable as capital income. Income taxable as interest is taxed as capital 
income in the income year in which it falls due. Capital income is taxed at a rate of up to 42 per cent. 
(2025). However, an immateriality threshold will apply to the effect that net gains and losses on (a) 
receivables not taxable according to Section 29, subsection 3 of the Capital Gains Tax Act , see 
Consolidated Act no. 1390 of 29 September 2022 as amended from time to time (Da: kursgevinstloven); 
(b) debt in currency other than Danish kroner ("DKK"); and (c) certain units in certain types of 
investment funds comprised by Section 22 of the Capital Gains on Shares Act, see Consolidated Act no. 
172 of 29 January 2021 as amended from time to time (Da: aktieavancebeskatningsloven), that are below 
DKK 2,000 per year will not be included in the taxable income.  
Further, tax deductibility of losses realised on Notes and Certificates which are traded on a regulated 
market is subject to the Danish tax authorities having been notified of the acquisition of the Notes or 
Certificates as further outlined in Section 15 of the Capital Gains Tax Act. Further, losses realised on 
Notes and Certificates on which Denmark pursuant to a tax treaty is prevented from taxing interest or 
gains will not be deductible. 
The Notes and Certificates are taxed upon realisation, i.e. redemption or disposal. Gains and losses are 
calculated in DKK as the difference between the acquisition sum and the value at realisation. 
For individuals holding Notes and Certificates as part of their trade, if an original issue of Notes and 
Certificates and a new issue of Notes and Certificates are listed under the same ID code, the acquisition 
sum for all such Notes and Certificates is calculated on an average basis. Furthermore, if an original and 
a new issue of Notes and Certificates, issued by the same issuer, are not listed under the same ID code, 
but denominated in the same foreign currency, the acquisition sum for all such Notes and Certificates is 
calculated on an average basis, provided that the issues are identical. Issues are as a general rule deemed 
identical if the currency, interest and term are identical. 
Individuals not holding Notes and Certificates as part of their trade use the "first-in, first-out" principle 
when calculating the gain on the Notes and Certificates, and therefore the earliest acquired Notes and 
Certificates are considered the first disposed.

--- Page 844 ---
Taxation 
831 
Individuals may elect to apply a mark-to-market principle for all receivables (including Notes and 
Certificates) and bonds traded on a regulated market and/or currency exchange gains and losses on 
receivables and debt (including Notes and Certificates) denominated in other currencies than Danish 
kroner (DKK). The election of the mark-to-market principle must be made collectively for all the 
receivables and bonds respectively traded on a regulated market. Once the mark-to-market principle is 
elected, a change back to the realisation principle requires approval from the Danish tax authorities.  
Under the mark-to-market principle, a gain or a loss is calculated as the difference between the value of 
the Note or Certificate at the beginning and the end of the income year, beginning with the difference 
between the acquisition sum of the Note or Certificate and the value of Note or Certificate at the end of 
the same income year. Upon realisation of the Note or Certificate, i.e. redemption or disposal, the taxable 
income of that income year equals the difference between the value of the Note or Certificate at the 
beginning of the income year and the value of the Note or Certificate at realisation. If the Note or 
Certificate has been acquired and realised in the same income year, the taxable income equals the 
difference between the acquisition sum and the value at realisation. 
(ii) Taxation of Financial Contracts 
Gains on Notes, Certificates, and Warrants that are considered financial contracts will be included in the 
calculation of capital income and must be taxed in accordance with a mark-to-market principle.  
Financial contracts in this context comprise put options, call options and forward contracts that are 
separately taxable as well as claims taxable as financial contracts in Section 29, subsection 3 of the 
Capital Gains Tax Act, excluding claims where the first creditor has acquired the claim before 4 May 
2005. Any remaining net loss (not deducted) can be offset in net gains obtained by a spouse in the same 
income year. 
Certain restrictions on the deductibility of losses apply to financial contracts, under which the net loss on 
financial contracts in an income year can only be deducted to the extent the net loss does not exceed the 
net gains on financial contracts in previous income years (after 2002). Losses not deducted in one income 
year can be carried forward indefinitely to be set off against net gains on financial contracts of the 
following income years for the tax-payer and the tax-payer's spouse. Further losses can be set off against 
gains realised on shares traded on a regulated market if the financial contract solely contemplates a right 
or an obligation to purchase or sell shares or is based on a share index and if the underlying shares or the 
shares that the index is based on are traded on a regulated market. Such losses can also be deducted in 
the income of a spouse, subject to the conditions above.  
Individual investors who are subject to the special business tax regime ("virksomhedsskatteordningen") 
may invest in the Notes and Certificates that are considered financial contracts within the said tax regime, 
cf. Section 1, subsection 2 of the Business Tax Regime Act, see Consolidated Act no. 1836 of 16 
September 2021 as amended from time to time (Da: virksomhedsskatteloven). Gains and losses on Notes 
and Certificates that are deemed to have relation to the business are included when calculating the annual 
taxable income of the business. A gain or a loss is calculated according to the abovementioned rules. 
Income taxable as interest is taxed in the income year in which it accrues. Gains and interests that form 
part of an annual profit that remains within the tax regime, set out in Section 10, subsection 2 of the 
Business Tax Regime Act are subject to a provisional tax of 22 per cent.  
Please note that under Danish law, financial instruments in the form of forward contracts or options in a 
broad sense, are generally governed by the Capital Gains Tax Act. Basically, this entails that gains and 
losses on the financial instruments (including any premium paid or received) are taxed separately from 
the underlying asset.  
Notes and Certificates that would be considered regular cash receivables or debt, may instead be taxed 
as financial contracts, cf. section 29, subsection 3 of the Danish Capital Gains Tax Act. This will be the 
case where the Notes or Certificates are adjusted in accordance with price development on securities, 
goods, indices, or assets etc. as long as the price development can be subject to a financial contract, 
whether this is in the form of an adjustment of the principal or other payments under the Notes and 
Certificates and irrespectively of whether the Notes and Certificates are fully or only partially adjusted 
in accordance therewith. Certain exceptions apply with respect to Notes and Certificates adjusted 
according to the development of certain official indexes within the European Union (the "EU").

--- Page 845 ---
Taxation 
832 
(B)
Pension funds and life insurance companies 
Income on Notes, Certificates, and Warrants held by individual pension fund schemes as well as by 
multi-employer occupational pension funds or mutual insurance companies are taxed under the rules of 
the Pension Yield Taxation Act, see Consolidated Act no. 12 of 6 June 2023 as amended from time to 
time (Da: pensionsafkastbeskatningsloven). 
The calculation of the tax base as well as the payment of tax on Notes, Certificates and Warrants held by 
individual pension funds is handled by the bank managing the pension funds separately from the other 
(free) assets of the individual. 
Income on Notes, Certificates and Warrants held by multi-employer occupational pension funds or 
mutual insurance companies is primarily taxed upon allocation to the individual provisions of the policy 
holders with a secondary taxation of income allocated to the non-individualised reserves. The same 
method of calculation of the tax base applies to Notes, Certificates and Warrants held by life insurance 
companies. A 15.3 per cent. tax rate (2025) is applied to the part of the income allocated to the non-
individualised reserves, and a 22 per cent. (2025) corporate income tax rate is applied to the income 
allocated to the equity of the life insurance company. 
(C)
Corporate investors resident in Denmark 
Gains and losses on Notes, Certificates, and Warrants are included in the calculation of taxable income 
using the mark-to-market principle. The tax rate is 22 per cent. (2025). Income taxable as interest is taxed 
in the income year in which it accrues.  
Effective from 1 January 2023, a new tax scheme for financial companies applies, whereby the taxable 
income of the companies comprised by the scheme is multiplied by a factor. The scheme was introduced 
by the adoption of Law no. 905 of 21 June 2022 and is incorporated as article 17 A of the Danish 
Corporate Tax Act, see Consolidated Act no. 1241 of 22 August 2022 as amended from time to time (Da: 
selskabsskatteloven).  
The tax scheme implies that financial companies as defined in article 17 A, subsection 3, of the Danish 
Corporate Tax Act, must pay an increased income tax by multiplying their annual taxable income 
(positive or negative), calculated in accordance with the general Danish tax legislation, by a factor of 
26/22. As a result, the affected companies are taxed at a rate of 26 per cent. (2025). Financial companies 
covered by the tax scheme are financial institutions (banks), mortgage credit institutions, investment 
management companies etc. 
Please refer to section (A)(i) above for a description of the mark-to-market calculation.  
Corporate investors holding Notes, Certificates and Warrants that are wholly or partly adjusted in 
accordance with developments in prices of securities, commodities and other assets which can be made 
subject to a derivative, cf. section 29, subsection 3 of the Capital Gains Tax Act, may not be entitled to 
deduct losses on such Notes, Certificates and Warrants when linked to certain types of shares or share 
indices, and the Notes, Certificates and Warrants are not held in a professional trading capacity for 
Danish tax purposes. 
Notes, Certificates, and Warrants falling outside the scope of the Capital Gains Tax Act 
The Danish Capital Gains Tax Act does not apply with respect to certain financial instruments, including, 
inter alia, Warrants that are exercisable for shares, Certificates entailing a right to purchase or sell shares, 
or certain currency exchange contracts in connection with purchase and sale of Notes, Certificates, and 
Warrants, in any case provided:  

that the financial contract may only be exercised against the actual delivery of the underlying 
asset in question (and thus not settled in cash or otherwise); 

that the financial contract is not assigned, i.e. the parties to the financial contract remain the 
same; and  

that no "reverse financial contracts" have been entered into.

--- Page 846 ---
Taxation 
833 
The delivery requirement is only satisfied when the entire underlying asset is delivered at maturity. A 
net share settlement where the amount owed under the financial contract is fulfilled by delivery of the 
requisite number of shares does not therefore qualify as a "delivery". 
A significant change to the contract made after its conclusion but prior to its maturity would be deemed 
an assignment. An extension at maturity or early unwinding could well be deemed a significant change. 
Reverse financial contracts are defined as two (or more) contracts where a particular asset is purchased 
pursuant to one or more contracts and is subsequently sold by the same party pursuant to one or more 
contracts. The crucial point is whether the same party holds both a put and call option. In the affirmative, 
the put and call are deemed reversed. If one party has a put option and the other a call option, this would 
not qualify as a reverse situation. 
If all three conditions above are fulfilled, the financial contract is not taxed separately as a financial 
instrument, and only the purchase and sale of the underlying asset as per the terms of the financial 
contract is taxed. Taxation of the investor will then depend on the type of underlying asset. 
Warrants that are exercisable for shares would generally be comprised by the Danish Capital Gains on 
Shares Tax Act (Da: aktieavancebeskatningsloven). Accordingly, gains and losses on such warrants 
would be considered share income subject to Danish tax at a rate of 27 per cent. on the first DKK 67,500 
(2025) and at a rate of 42 per cent. on share income exceeding DKK 67,500 (2025). Gains and losses are 
calculated on the basis of the realisation principle. 
Finland Taxation 
The following is an overview of certain Finnish tax consequences for holders of the Securities who are 
residents of Finland for tax purposes. The overview addresses, briefly, also the information obligations 
of a paying agent located in Finland (which shall be the Finnish Programme Agent acting in such 
capacity, and references to the "Finnish Programme Agent" should be construed to include any paying 
agent located in Finland in the event that an additional entity is appointed to act in such capacity in 
relation to a specific Series). The overview is based on tax laws and taxation practice, as in effect and 
applied as at the date of this Base Prospectus and is intended to provide general information only. Tax 
laws, taxation practices and their interpretation are constantly under change, which changes may 
sometimes have a retroactive effect and may change the conclusions set out in the summary. 
The tax treatment of certain categories of the Securities is not in all respects established and is, therefore, 
to some extent uncertain. In particular, there are no specific tax laws addressing the tax treatment of 
warrants or certificates in Finland, nor is there any court practice available in respect of the tax 
treatment of certificates. This overview is, however, based on the assumption that certificates would be 
given a similar tax treatment as currently available to warrants under prevailing court and taxation 
practice. In addition, this summary is based on the assumption that the warrants and certificates are 
listed on a regulated market or would otherwise qualify for listing. 
The overview covers only the tax consequences of the subscription, purchase, ownership and disposal of 
Securities by individuals who are taxed in accordance with the Finnish Income Tax Act and by Finnish 
limited liability companies taxed in accordance with the Finnish Business Income Tax Act. The overview 
does not cover situations where individuals hold the Securities in the context of business activities or 
where the Securities are held as current assets (i.e. allocable to the inventory or otherwise held for 
trading purposes) or as investment or financial assets by a limited liability company or where there are 
unrealised changes in the values of the Securities. This overview does not address Finnish CFC-
legislation. 
The tax treatment of each holder of the Securities partly depends on the holder's specific situation. This 
means that special tax consequences, which are not described below, may arise for certain categories of 
holders of the Securities as a consequence of, for example, the effect and applicability of foreign income 
tax rules or provisions contained in an applicable double taxation treaty. 
Each investor should consult a tax adviser as to the tax consequences relating to its particular 
circumstances resulting from subscription, purchase, ownership and disposition of the Securities. 
Withholding tax

--- Page 847 ---
Taxation 
834 
On the basis that the Issuer is not resident in Finland for tax purposes and has no permanent 
establishment, fixed place of business or presence in Finland, there is no Finnish withholding tax 
(Fi.lähdevero) applicable on payments made by the Issuer in respect of the Securities. However, Finland 
operates a system of preliminary taxation (Fi. ennakonpidätysjärjestelmä) to secure payment of taxes in 
certain circumstances. In the context of the Securities, a tax of 30 per cent. will be deducted and withheld 
from all payments (including redemption proceeds/premium) that are treated as interest or as 
compensation comparable to interest, when such payments are made by the Finnish Programme Agent 
to individuals. Such preliminary tax (Fi. ennakonpidätys) will be used for the payment of the individual's 
final taxes (which means that they will be credited against the individual's final tax liability). 
If, however, the Securities are regarded as warrants (or certificates) for Finnish tax purposes, any profits 
on warrants (or certificates) would, based on current Finnish court and taxation practice, be considered 
a capital gain (as opposed to interest or compensation comparable to interest). Therefore, any payments 
made in respect of Securities that are regarded as warrants (or certificates) may be made without 
deduction or withholding for or on account of Finnish tax and should, accordingly, not be subject to any 
preliminary taxation (Fi. ennakonpidätys) by the Finnish Programme Agent. 
For tax reporting purposes, any interest or compensation comparable to interest earned by a holder of the 
Securities and paid by the Finnish Programme Agent to such holder will be reported (together with the 
tax withheld thereon) by the Finnish Programme Agent to the Finnish Tax Administration or other 
applicable taxing authority as required by any applicable law or regulation. 
Individuals 
Income tax and capital gains – Notes 
All capital income of individuals – including capital gains – is currently taxed at a rate of 30 per cent. or 
34 per cent. for capital income exceeding €30,000 annually. Capital losses are primarily deductible from 
capital gains arising in the same year. Any capital losses that cannot be used to offset capital gains in the 
same year can then be applied against other capital income in the same year. Any remaining unused 
capital losses can finally be carried forward for five years and used in the same manner as described 
above.  
A gain arising from the disposal of the Notes (other than the redemption thereof) constitutes capital gain 
for individuals. A gain arising from the redemption of the Notes constitutes capital income, but may not 
necessarily be treated as capital gain. Losses arising from the disposal or redemption of the Notes should 
qualify as a capital loss. 
Any capital gain or loss is calculated by deducting the original acquisition cost (including the purchase 
price and costs) and sales related expenses from the sales price. Alternatively, individuals may, in lieu of 
applying the actual acquisition costs, choose to apply a so-called presumptive acquisition cost, which is 
equal to 20 per cent. of the sales price or 40 per cent. of the sales price if the Notes have been held for at 
least ten years. If the presumptive acquisition cost is used instead of the actual acquisition cost, any sales 
expenses are deemed to be included therein and may, therefore, not be deducted in addition to the 
presumptive acquisition cost.  
Upon the disposal of interest-bearing Notes, an amount corresponding to the interest for the time 
preceding the last interest payment date to the time of disposal of such Notes must normally first be 
deducted from the sales price, which amount is deemed to constitute capital income (but is not treated as 
capital gain). Any interest or compensation comparable to interest paid on the Notes during their 
respective loan period constitutes normally also capital income of the individual. 
Income tax and capital gains – Warrants and/or the Certificates 
A gain arising from the disposal or the redemption (i.e. the realisation of the net value through cash 
settlement) of the Warrants and/or the Certificates constitutes capital gain for individuals. Similarly, a 
loss arising from the expiration (as worthless) of the Warrants and/or the Certificates constitutes a capital 
loss. Any capital gain or loss arising from the disposal or the expiration of the Warrants and/or the 
Certificates is, accordingly, treated and calculated in the same manner as for the Notes. 
Exercise of the Warrants by physical settlement of the underlying (third party) Reference Asset is likely 
to be treated as a purchase by the holder of the Warrants. Accordingly, taxation is not triggered on the

--- Page 848 ---
Taxation 
835 
exercise of a physically-settled Warrant. Instead, the subsequent sale of the underlying (third party) 
Reference Asset triggers capital gains taxation.  
Exceptions to capital gains and losses 
Capital gains arising from disposal of assets, such as the Securities, are generally exempted from tax 
provided that the sales prices of all assets sold by the individual during the calendar year do not, in the 
aggregate, exceed €1,000. Correspondingly, capital losses are generally not tax deductible if the 
acquisition cost and the sales prices of all assets disposed during the calendar year do not, in the 
aggregate, exceed €1,000. 
Corporate entities 
Disposal and/or redemption of the Notes 
Any income received from the disposal and/or redemption of the Notes (including capital return) 
constitutes part of the limited liability company's taxable business income. A limited liability company 
is subject to a corporate income tax, currently at the rate of 20 per cent. for its worldwide taxable income. 
The acquisition cost of the Notes (including the purchase price and costs) and any sales related expenses 
are generally deductible for tax purposes upon disposal or redemption. Accordingly, any loss due to 
disposal or redemption of the Notes is deductible from the taxable business income. 
Interest or compensation comparable to interest paid on the Notes 
Any interest or compensation comparable to interest paid on the Notes during their respective loan period 
constitutes part of the limited liability company's taxable business income. 
Disposal and/or redemption of the Warrants and/or the Certificates 
Any income received from the disposal and/or redemption of the Warrants and/or the Certificates 
constitutes part of the limited liability company's taxable business income and is generally taxed as set 
out above in respect of disposal and/or redemption of the Notes.  
Exercise of the Warrants by physical settlement of the underlying (third party) Reference Asset is likely 
to be treated as a purchase by the holder of the Warrants. Accordingly, taxation is not triggered on the 
exercise of a physically-settled Warrant. Instead, the subsequent sale of the underlying (third party) 
Reference Asset triggers income taxation.  
Gift and inheritance tax 
Transfer of the Securities by way of gift, bequest or inheritance is subject to Finnish gift or inheritance 
tax for the beneficiary/transferee, if either the transferor or the transferee was resident of Finland for tax 
purposes at the time of the death or gift. Tax treaties may limit Finland's right to impose gift or inheritance 
tax on non-residents of Finland. 
Non-resident holders 
A holder of the Securities will generally not be subject to Finnish taxes on capital gains or interest 
payments if (i) such holder of Securities is not a resident of Finland and (ii) such holder of Securities 
does not carry on business in Finland or have a permanent establishment in Finland to which the 
Securities are attributable. 
Republic of France Taxation 
The following is a summary of certain material French tax considerations relating to Securities issued 
to Holders resident in or otherwise subject to tax in France or Securities held through a Paying Agent 
or custodian located in France. 
This information is of a general nature and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all 
French tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, to hold and to dispose of the 
Notes, Certificates and Warrants. In some cases, different rules can be applicable, depending, in 
particular, on the characterisation of the Securities for French tax purposes or on the purchaser's

--- Page 849 ---
Taxation 
836 
specific circumstances. The comments below only apply to Holders that are the beneficial owners of the 
Securities who acquire and hold the Securities as an investment and do not apply to dealers in Securities. 
This summary does not describe the French tax consequences, for a holder of Securities that are subject 
to a physical settlement, of the acquisition, holding or disposal of the assets delivered at time of 
settlement. 
This summary is based on the French tax legislation, treaties, rules, and administrative interpretations 
and similar documentation, in force as at the date of this document, without prejudice to any amendments 
introduced at a later date, even if implemented with retroactive effect. 
Each potential Holder of a Note, a Certificate or a Warrant should consult a professional adviser with 
respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes, Certificates and Warrants, taking account 
in particular of the potential Holder's own individual situation and the characteristics of the relevant 
Securities. 
French Withholding tax 
All payments of interest and redemption premium made under the Securities should be free of 
withholding tax in France, as long as the Issuer is not incorporated or otherwise acting through a French 
permanent establishment. 
Individuals resident in France: French Income and Capital Gains Tax  
Investment in Notes and Certificates (other than Certificates which would be classified as Warrants 
for French tax purposes) 
Taxation of interest payments and redemption premium (Prime de remboursement) 
Interest and redemption premiums paid to an individual are in principle subject to a 30 per cent. flat tax 
composed of social contributions levied at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. and individual income tax 
at a rate of 12.8 per cent.. This income would also be included in the "reference income" on which the 
contribution exceptionnelle sur les hauts revenus would apply and the "adjusted reference income" on 
which the contribution différentielle sur les hauts revenus would apply (see below). 
When the Paying Agent is established in France, it is responsible for withholding and reporting the flat 
tax prepayment no later than the 15th of the month following the payment of interest or redemption 
premium. When the Paying Agent is established outside France, it is in principle not involved in this 
withholding obligation and the taxpayer is responsible for paying the flat tax prepayment and the social 
contributions directly to the French tax authorities no later than the 15th of the month following the 
payment of interest or redemption premium. If the Paying Agent is established in an EU or EEA member 
state, it can however be appointed by the taxpayer to do so. However, provided the taxpayer's "reference 
income" of the penultimate year is less than € 25,000 (or € 50,000 for a couple taxed on a joint basis), it 
may be exempted from this flat tax prepayment. 
The interest or redemption premium must be reported by the individual in his annual tax return to be 
filed during the following year for final computation of the income tax. 
If the French taxpayer expressly and irrevocably elects to the progressive individual income tax regime 
on his whole revenues otherwise subject to the flat tax, the above-mentioned 30 per cent. flat tax withheld 
would be regarded as a prepayment and further offset against the individual income tax due by the 
taxpayer, in which case 6.8 per cent. of the social contributions will be deductible from the taxable 
income of the year of their payment. 
Taxation of gains 
Gains derived from the disposal of Securities classified as Notes or Certificates are subject to a 30 per 
cent. flat tax composed of social contributions levied at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. and individual 
income tax at a rate of 12.8 per cent. This income would also be included in the "reference income" on 
which the contribution exceptionnelle sur les hauts revenus would apply and the "adjusted reference 
income" on which the contribution différentielle sur les hauts revenus would apply (see below).

--- Page 850 ---
Taxation 
837 
A French taxpayer may however expressly, annually and irrevocably in his tax return elect to the 
progressive individual income tax regime on his whole revenues otherwise subject to the 30 per cent. flat 
tax (in which case 6.8 per cent. of the social contributions will be deductible from the taxable income of 
the year of their payment). 
If the Holder sells Notes or Certificates at a loss, such loss must be exclusively offset against capital 
gains of the same nature during the year of the loss if any or of the ten following years, subject to filing 
obligations. 
The Notes and the Certificates are not eligible for the plan d'épargne en actions ("PEA"). 
Investment in Warrants 
Profits realised by non-professional individuals from the sale or exercise of Warrants ("bons d'options" 
or assimilated instruments) are subject to a 30 per cent. flat tax composed of social contributions of 17.2 
per cent. and individual income tax at a rate of 12.8 per cent. The contribution exceptionnelle sur les 
hauts revenus and contribution différentielle sur les hauts revenus could also apply (see below). 
Losses must be exclusively set off against profits of the same nature realised during the year if any, or 
during one of the ten following years provided the individual does not act on an habitual basis. 
A French taxpayer may however expressly, annually and irrevocably in his tax return elect to the 
progressive individual income tax regime on his whole revenues otherwise subject to the 30 per cent. flat 
tax (in which case 6.8 per cent. of the social contributions will be deductible from the taxable income of 
the year of their payment). 
The Warrants are not eligible for the plan d'épargne en actions (PEA). 
Contribution exceptionnelle sur les hauts revenus 
An exceptional contribution could be applicable to Holders. This tax takes the form of a levy equal to 3 
per cent. of the fraction of the "reference" income above € 250,000 (or € 500,000 for a couple taxed on 
a joint basis) and 4 per cent. on "reference" income over € 500,000 (€ 1,000,000 for a couple). The 
contribution is levied on the "reference" income for the tax year in question, which would include income 
and gains realised in relation to the Notes, Certificates and Warrants. 
Contribution différentielle sur les hauts revenus 
The new contribution implemented for income received in 2025 to Holders who are individuals resident 
in France and whose tax household income exceeds €250,000 for a single taxpayer (or €500,000 for 
taxpayers subject to joint taxation) to ensure an overall effective minimum taxation of 20 per cent. could 
also be applicable. This effective taxation considers the "adjusted reference income" i.e., the tax burden 
already borne by the household including income and gains realised in relation to the Notes, Certificates 
and Warrants. In practice, when applicable, this contribution nullifies in whole or in part the benefits 
associated with special tax regimes such as the reduced rate of 12.8 per cent. on income received in 
relation to the Notes, Certificates and Warrants. The differential contribution due for the year 2025 is 
subject to the payment of an instalment between 1 December and 15 December 2025 equal to 95 per 
cent. of the amount of the contribution estimated by the taxpayer. The instalment will be deducted from 
the contribution due for income tax in 2025. If the instalment is higher than the contribution effectively 
due, the excess is refunded. 
Holders subject to French corporate income tax 
Income or gains in relation to the Securities are subject to corporate income tax at the standard rate (or 
the reduced rates applicable to small and medium-sized companies where the relevant conditions are 
met), to which a 3.3 per cent. surtax is added (for companies which turnover exceeds € 7,630,000, the 
surtax applying to the portion of corporate income tax charge exceeding € 763,000). The standard rate 
applicable is equal to 25 per cent.. The effective corporate income tax burden may be increased as a result 
of an additional exceptional and temporary contribution on the average of the corporate income tax 
payable with respect to 2024 and 2025 for profitable companies with annual turnover in France equals 
to or exceeds 1 billion euros (based on a standalone approach or within the scope of the tax consolidated 
tax group). The rate of this contribution is respectively 20.6 per cent. (resulting in an effective tax rate of

--- Page 851 ---
Taxation 
838 
around 31 per cent.) for companies whose annual turnover equals to or exceeds 1 billion euros or 41.2 
per cent. (resulting in an effective tax rate of over 36 per cent.) for companies whose annual turnover 
equals to or exceeds 3 billion euros. A smoothing mechanism is provided for companies whose revenue 
slightly exceeds these thresholds. The contribution is paid via an instalment payment mechanism 
whereby 98 per cent. of the estimated amount of the contribution is paid concurrently with the last 
corporate income tax instalment (presumably on 15 December 2025, for companies closing their fiscal 
year on 31 December 2025). The balance is paid simultaneously with the corporate income tax balance 
payment (presumably on 15 May 2026, for these same companies). 
Losses are in principle treated as ordinary losses which may be set off against operational profits and any 
remaining balance carried forward in accordance with standard rules (i.e. unlimited carry forward, in 
principle, it being noted however that carry forward losses can only be offset against profits of a given 
year up to an amount of € 1,000,000 plus 50 per cent. of the taxable profit of that year). Where the losses 
recorded for the three consecutive financial years ending in 2023, 2024 and 2025 exceed € 2,500,000,000, 
the portion exceeding € 2,500,000,000 of the losses recorded for the first financial year ending on or after 
31 December 2025 cannot be carried forward. 
Interest payments are taxed on an accruals basis. Any redemption premium would be taxable upon receipt 
unless the estimated value of the redemption premium exceeds 10 per cent. of the purchase value of the 
instrument and the issue price is less than 90 per cent. of the estimated redemption value, in which case 
the taxation of this premium would be spread over the life of the instrument according to article 238 
septies E of the French tax code.  
The timing of recognition of income, gains or losses in relation to the holding or disposal of the Securities 
may vary, depending on the characteristics of the Securities. 
Investors residing abroad 
In principle, income or gains derived from the Securities by non-resident individuals or companies are 
not subject to taxation in France, provided that the Securities are not booked in a permanent establishment 
or a fixed base they have in France.  
Transfer tax 
Subscription or transfers of the Securities would not be subject to transfer tax or stamp duty in France. 
Transfer tax and other taxes 
The following may be relevant in connection with Securities which are settled or redeemed by way of 
physical delivery of shares issued by a French company (or certain assimilated securities):  
(a)
the disposal of shares issued by a French company for consideration is, in principle, subject to 
a 0.1 per cent. transfer tax (the "French Transfer Tax"), except in the case of shares listed on 
a recognised stock exchange (unless the transfer of the shares listed is evidenced by a written 
deed or agreement);  
(b)
a financial transaction tax (the "French Financial Transaction Tax") is imposed, subject to 
certain exceptions, on certain acquisition of shares issued by a French company (or certain 
assimilated securities) which are listed on a recognised stock exchange where the relevant 
issuer's stock market capitalisation exceeds EUR 1 billion on 1st December of the previous 
calendar year. The French Financial Transaction Tax rate is 0.4 per cent. of the acquisition price 
of the transaction as from 1 April 2025 (0.3 per cent. for acquisitions realised prior to 1 April 
2025); and 
(c)
if the French Financial Transaction Tax applies to a transaction, an exemption in respect of the 
French Transfer Tax is applicable. 
Gift and Inheritance Taxes 
French gift or inheritance taxes would not be levied on the transfer of a Security by way of gift by, or on 
the death of, a Holder, unless, subject to applicable double tax treaty provisions:

--- Page 852 ---
Taxation 
839 
(a)
the Holder is resident of France; or 
(b)
the beneficiary is resident of France and has been so resident for at least six years over the ten 
preceding years; or 
(c)
if both the Holder and the beneficiary are residents outside of France, the transferred assets are 
located in France. 
Assets regarded as located in France would include receivables over a debtor which is established in 
France. 
Applicable brackets and rates vary depending in particular on the relationships between the individuals 
concerned. 
Real Estate Wealth Tax applicable to Individuals 
The value of the Securities at 1 January of each year will, in general and subject to applicable double tax 
treaty provisions or specific rules in relation to new residents, not be included in the French resident 
Holder's taxable assets to the extent the Securities do not represent shares or other securities giving access 
to a portion of the share capital of a company whose assets are composed of real estate assets or property 
rights. 
Paying Agent or Custodian located in the Republic of France 
Withholding obligation 
Where the Paying Agent is established in France, it is responsible for withholding and reporting the flat 
tax prepayment on interest and redemption premiums on the Securities no later than the 15th of the month 
following the payment of interest or redemption premium (see above - "Individuals resident in France: 
French Income and Capital Gains Tax – Investment in Notes and Certificates"). 
Germany Taxation 
The following discussion is an overview of certain material German tax considerations relating to (i) 
Securities issued by any of the Issuers in particular where the Holder is tax resident in Germany or has 
a tax presence in Germany or (ii) Securities held through a disbursing agent located in Germany. It is 
based on the laws in force on the date of this Base Prospectus, of general nature only and neither intended 
as, nor to be understood as, legal or tax advice. Any information given hereafter reflects the opinion of 
the Issuer and must not be misunderstood as a representation or guarantee with regard to potential tax 
consequences. Further, each Issuer advises that the tax consequences depend on the individual facts and 
circumstances at the level of the investor and may be subject to future changes in law. 
German tax resident private investors 
General 
Interest payments on Securities held by German resident private investors (i.e. private individuals whose 
residence or habitual abode is located in Germany) are generally subject to income tax at a flat tax rate 
of 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax). Interest 
payments made in a currency other than euro have to be converted into euro upon receipt. 
The flat tax regime also applies to capital gains from the sale or redemption of the Securities held by 
German resident private investors. Losses from the sale or redemption of the Securities can only be offset 
against other investment income within the meaning of the flat tax regime. In the event that an off-set is 
not possible in the assessment period in which the losses have been realised, such losses will be carried 
forward into future assessment periods only and can be off-set against investment income generated in 
future assessment periods. 
Capital gains and losses are determined by the difference between the sales/redemption proceeds after 
the deduction of expenses directly connected to the sale/redemption and the acquisition costs of the 
Securities. If the Securities are denominated in a currency other than euro, the sales/redemption proceeds

--- Page 853 ---
Taxation 
840 
and the acquisition costs have to be converted into euro on the basis of the foreign exchange rates 
prevailing on the sale or redemption date and the acquisition date respectively. 
Gains from the redemption of the Securities could even be subject to the flat tax regime where the 
Securities provide for a partial or exclusive physical settlement. However, if the Securities are redeemed 
against delivery of securities under certain circumstances, the redemption should in principle not result 
in a taxable capital gain or loss, as in this case the acquisition costs of the Securities should be rolled into 
the acquisition costs of the delivered securities.  
The taxation principles outlined above should as a rule also apply to gains or losses from (i) forward 
transactions under which the taxpayer receives a marginal payment or a payment, the amount of which 
depends upon the value of a variable underlying reference value, (ii) the sale, assignment or redemption 
of a financial instrument qualifying as a forward transaction, or (iii) the sale of Securities in the form of 
Warrants and - in the case of a cash settlement - from the exercise of such Warrants. The exercise of 
physically settled Warrants, however, should not result in a taxable gain or loss. The acquisition costs of 
the Warrants (plus the exercise price) should rather be rolled into the acquisition costs of the delivered 
underlyings. 
Withholding Tax 
For German resident private investors, the flat tax liability on interest payments on the Securities is 
generally levied by way of withholding tax, provided that the Securities are held in custody with a 
German custodian, who is required to deduct the withholding tax from such interest payments (the 
"Disbursing Agent"). For withholding tax purposes, interest payments made in a currency other than 
euro have to be converted into euro upon receipt. 
Disbursing Agents are German resident credit institutions, financial services institutions (including 
German permanent establishments of foreign institutions) or securities institutions. The applicable 
withholding tax rate is 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and (if applicable) 
church tax). 
The withholding tax regime should also apply to any gains from the sale or redemption of Securities 
realised by private investors holding the Securities in custody with a Disbursing Agent. If the Securities 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, currency gains / losses are also accounted for as gains 
from the sale or redemption of the Securities. In principle, gains from the redemption of the Securities 
are even subject to the withholding tax regime where the Securities provide for a partial or exclusive 
physical settlement. In this case, if the cash amount paid upon redemption (if any) is not sufficient to 
cover the withholding tax due on redemption, the investor in the relevant Securities is obliged to provide 
the Disbursing Agent with sufficient funds to comply with its withholding tax obligations. However, if 
the Securities are redeemed against delivery of securities under certain circumstances, there should in 
principle be no obligation to deduct withholding tax. 
The withholding tax principles outlined above should also apply to gains from the sale of Securities in 
the form of Warrants. In the case of an exercise, however, only cash settled Warrants should be subject 
to the withholding tax regime, whereas the exercise of physically settled Warrants should as a rule not 
result in any withholding tax consequences. 
For private investors, the withholding tax is generally final (i.e. in principle, there will be no further 
income tax liability on investment income from which withholding tax was deducted and the investor is 
not required to declare such income in its tax return). In the case of investment income which is not 
subject to the withholding tax regime, a special flat tax assessment procedure applies, i.e. the private 
investor has to declare the income in its tax return and is taxed at the flat tax rate in accordance with the 
flat tax principles outlined above. This applies mutatis mutandis in the case that church tax (although 
due) is not levied by way of the withholding tax. Finally, the special flat tax assessment procedure applies 
upon request of the investor, provided that further pre-requisites are met. Private investors having a lower 
personal income tax rate may, upon application, also include the investment income in their general 
income tax return to achieve a lower tax rate.  
The Issuer of the Securities – unless it qualifies as Disbursing Agent - should under German law not be 
required to deduct withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) from the proceeds of the investment in the 
Securities.

--- Page 854 ---
Taxation 
841 
German tax resident business investors 
Interest payments under the Securities and capital gains from the sale or redemption of the Securities are 
subject to income tax or corporate income tax as well as solidarity surcharge (and in the case of 
individuals, if applicable, church tax). In addition, trade tax is levied on such income, if the Securities 
are held as assets of a German business. Losses should (subject to certain restrictions) be tax deductible. 
The withholding tax regime outlined above should apply mutatis mutandis to business investors. 
However, German corporate investors and other investors holding the Securities as assets of a German 
business should in essence not be subject to the withholding tax on gains from the sale/redemption or 
exercise of the Securities (i.e. for these investors only interest payments, but not gains from the sale/ 
redemption or exercise of the Securities are subject to the withholding tax regime). 
Any withholding tax imposed is credited against the investor's (corporate) income tax liability (and the 
solidarity surcharge as well as, if applicable, church tax) in the course of the tax assessment procedure, 
i.e. the withholding tax is not final. Any potential surplus of the withholding tax over the (corporate) 
income tax will be refunded. 
Foreign tax resident investors 
Foreign resident investors should not be taxable in Germany with the interest payments on and the gains 
from the sale or redemption (or, respectively, exercise) of the Securities and no German withholding tax 
should be withheld from such income. This should hold true, even if the Securities are held in custody 
with a German custodian. Exceptions apply, for example, where the Securities are held as business assets 
of a German permanent establishment or trigger for other reasons German taxable source income. 
Treatment under the Investment Tax Act 
The Issuer takes the view that the special provisions of the Investment Tax Act (Investmentsteuergesetz) 
are not applicable to the Securities. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
No inheritance or gift taxes with respect to the Securities will generally arise under German law, if, in 
the case of inheritance tax, neither the decedent nor the beneficiary, or, in the case of gift tax, neither the 
donor nor the donee, is a resident of the Federal Republic of Germany and such Security is not attributable 
to a German trade or business for which a permanent establishment is maintained, or a permanent 
representative has been appointed in the Federal Republic of Germany. Exceptions from this rule apply 
to certain German citizens who previously maintained a residence in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes or duties will be payable in the Federal Republic of Germany 
in connection with the issuance, delivery or execution of the Notes. Currently, wealth tax 
(Vermögensteuer) is not levied in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Investors are recommended to consult their own tax advisors as to the individual tax consequences 
arising from the investment in the Securities. 
Greek Taxation 
General 
The following is a summary of certain material Greek tax consequences of the ownership and disposal 
of the Securities. The discussion is not exhaustive and does not purport to deal with all the tax 
consequences applicable to all possible categories of holders, some of which may be subject to special 
rules, and does not touch upon procedural requirements such as the filing of proof of residence, of a tax 
declaration or supporting documentation required. Further, it is not intended as tax advice to any 
particular holder and it does not purport to be a comprehensive description or analysis of all of the 
potential tax considerations that may be relevant to a holder in view of such holder's particular 
circumstances.

--- Page 855 ---
Taxation 
842 
The summary is based on the Greek tax laws in force on the date of this Base Prospectus, published case 
law, ministerial decisions and other regulatory acts of the respective Greek authorities as in force at the 
date hereof and does not take into account any developments or amendments that may occur after the 
date hereof, whether or not such developments or amendments have retroactive effect. 
The individuals and legal persons and legal entities referred to below and, in the case of legal persons 
and legal entities, permanent establishments of these legal persons or legal entities in Greece, where the 
Securities are held through such permanent establishments, are assumed to be Greek tax residents. This 
is because, as the Securities are not listed in Greece and the Issuers and Guarantors are not Greek 
undertakings or Greek tax residents, no income in Greece would be generated where the holder is also 
not tax resident in Greece. 
Individuals are assumed not to be acting in the course of business for tax purposes. 
Tax considerations are subject to the more favourable provisions of any applicable bilateral treaty for 
the avoidance of double taxation. 
Individual holders  
Payments of interest under the Securities  
Payments of interest are subject to income tax at a flat rate of 15 per cent, which exhausts their tax 
obligation pertaining to that source of income. If payment of interest is made through a Greek entity or 
a Greek permanent establishment acting as paying agent, that paying agent will withhold the entire 
income tax owed. 
In the case of zero-coupon bonds, the discount over the par value at which an interest-bearing bond is 
sold in the primary market would be treated as income from interest. The interest payment in zero coupon 
bonds is deemed to be made upon maturity.   
Payments of dividends under the Securities 
Payments of dividends are subject to income tax at a rate of 5 per cent. 
Capital gains from the Securities 
Capital gains from the Securities are subject to income tax at a rate of 15 per cent. Capital gains will 
equal the difference between the acquisition and the transfer (or expiry) price of a Security, plus/minus 
expenses directly related to the acquisition/transfer (or expiry) price of the Security. Capital gains may 
be set off, under certain circumstances, against capital losses from securities that have been incurred in 
the last 5 years. 
Notwithstanding the above, capital gains over bonds issued by EU, EEA and EFTA issuers are exempted 
from income tax over capital gains, as is the case with Greek corporate bonds. "Bonds" should be 
interpreted narrowly for the purposes of this exemption to include debt instruments representing a claim 
to receive back the entirety of an amount lent, which may be convertible to shares, may be exchangeable 
with other securities, may provide a right to interest and/or may provide a right to profits. 
Notwithstanding the above, capital gains from listed shares are exempted from income tax, provided that 
the seller holds less than 0.5 per cent. of the share capital of the issuer. This is relevant to the Securities 
insofar as the tax authority has, as regards a specific instance, equated listed warrants giving the right to 
acquire listed shares with listed shares. It is unclear whether this approach may be of more general 
application. 
Tax credit 
Tax credit is in principle available in Greece for paid income tax relating to the Securities abroad, upon 
filing of the appropriate documentation. 
Regarding the above, it would be reasonable to assume that payments under the Securities by a Guarantor 
will be classified for tax purposes in the same manner as if the payment were being made by the Issuer, 
although this point has not been addressed specifically in a general manner.

--- Page 856 ---
Taxation 
843 
Legal Persons and Legal Entities 
As a rule, all income of legal persons and legal entities is classified as income from business activities 
and taxed at a rate of 22 per cent. Income from business activities of credit institutions participating in 
the scheme allowing for the conversion of deferred tax assets into final claims against the State under 
certain circumstances are taxed at a rate of 29 per cent. As regards payments of interest, if these are made 
through a Greek entity or a Greek permanent establishment acting as paying agent, that paying agent will 
withhold tax at a rate of 15 per cent, and the tax withheld will be considered an advance over income tax 
due for the financial year of the payments.  
Notwithstanding the above, taxation of capital gains over bonds issued by EU, EEA and EFTA issuers 
is deferred until capitalisation or distribution, as is the case with Greek corporate bonds. "Bonds" should 
be interpreted narrowly for the purposes of this exemption to include debt instruments representing a 
claim to receive back the entirety of an amount lent, which may be convertible to shares, may be 
exchangeable with other securities, may provide a right to interest and/or may provide a right to profits. 
Tax credit 
Tax credit is in principle available in Greece for paid income tax relating to the Securities abroad, upon 
filing of the appropriate documentation. 
It would be reasonable to assume that payments under the Securities by a Guarantor will be classified for 
tax purposes in the same manner as if the payment were being made by the Issuer, although this point 
has not been addressed specifically in a general manner. 
Stamp Duty/Digital duty on transactions 
The new digital duty on transactions, which abolished stamp duty as of 1 December 2024, by virtue of 
law 5135/2024, as it has been further consolidated by law 5177/2025 applies to all agreements and 
transactions enumerated in the new law and concluded after 1 December 2024, if one or more of the 
contracting parties have their tax residence in Greece, regardless of the location where an agreement is 
executed or obligations arising from it are performed. Exemptions apply and the digital duty will not be 
imposed on the acquisition and transfer of shares, bonds, warrants and other types of securities, These 
exemptions are subject to interpretation by the Greek tax authorities, by virtue of guidelines which have 
not been issued at the moment of drafting this Base Prospectus. 
Hungary Taxation 
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Hungarian tax 
considerations that may be relevant for the decision to acquire, to hold and to dispose of the Securities 
and does not constitute legal or tax advice. The summary is based on Hungarian tax law and practice 
and official interpretation currently in effect, all of which are subject to change. Future legislative, 
judicial or administrative changes could modify the tax treatment described below (even retroactively) 
and could affect the tax consequences for investors. Prospective investors should consult their own 
independent advisers as to the implications of their subscribing for, purchasing, holding, exchanging or 
disposing of the Securities under the laws of the jurisdictions in which they may be subject to tax. The 
discussion of certain Hungarian taxes set forth below is included for information purposes only.  
The tax treatment of certain categories of the Securities is not in all respects established and is, therefore, 
to some extent uncertain. In particular, there are no specific tax laws addressing the tax treatment of 
warrants or certificates in Hungary, nor is there any court practice available in respect of the tax 
treatment of warrants and certificates. This overview is, based on the assumption that all Securities 
qualify as securities according to the law of the country where they are issued. 
This summary is based on the assumption that investors know which entity directly makes payments to 
them in relation to the Securities. 
Hungarian tax resident individual investors  
In case of Hungarian resident individual investors, income realised from transactions conducted through 
an investment service provider established in an OECD or an EEA country or in a country with which 
Hungary concluded a double tax treaty qualify as "income from controlled capital market transactions",

--- Page 857 ---
Taxation 
844 
is subject to 15 per cent. personal income tax, except if the Securities are privately issued. The income is 
calculated by aggregating all gains, losses and related costs achieved in the given tax year, and only the 
net annual gain is subject to tax. If the overall net result is a loss, such loss can be carried forward for 
two years. Income from controlled capital market transactions is not subject to the 13 per cent. social 
contribution tax. The rules of income from controlled capital market transactions cannot be applied for 
income that qualifies as interest income.  
Interest or other yields paid to an individual on the basis of holding publicly traded securities that 
represent a debt relationship qualify as interest. With respect to interest income 15 per cent. income tax 
and 13 per cent. social contribution tax are levied at the time the interest is received.  
In case the individual holds the Securities on a long-term investment account, provided that no income 
is withdrawn by the individual from such long-term investment account for 5 years, all proceeds from 
the Securities will be tax free. If the individual withdraws any proceeds after 3 years but before the expiry 
of the 5 years’ period, income will be subject to 10 per cent. personal income tax and 8 per cent. social 
contribution tax. In case the individual withdraws funds from the long-term investment account before 
the expiry of 3 years, any proceeds accumulated on the long-term investment account are subject to 15 
per cent. personal income tax and 13 per cent. social contribution tax. However, we note that the 
individual may not hold such instruments on a long term investment account, the slae of which would 
not qualify as "income from controlled capital market transactions". 
In case the Securities are traded without the involvement of an investment service provider and are not 
held on a long-term investment account or otherwise do not qualify for these tax frameworks (e.g. 
privately issued securities), the difference between the sale/redemption price of the Securities and the 
acquisition value (less related costs) constitutes a capital gain upon which 15 per cent. personal income 
tax is due. In addition, a 13 per cent. social contribution tax may apply with an annual limit, if, in the 
given year, the investor has not already paid health care contribution or  social contribution tax in their 
other legal relationships (e.g. employment) on at least 24-times the minimum monthly wage effective on 
the first day of the calendar year  
If there is a Hungarian paying agent involved (meaning, for example, a Hungarian investment service 
provider (a "Hungarian Paying Agent")) such paying agent shall withhold income tax from interest 
income and capital gains. Income tax shall be reported in the personal income tax return of the individual, 
other than interest income received with the involvement of a Hungarian Paying Agent. 
If there is a Hungarian Paying Agent involved, the social contribution tax is typically to be deducted by 
the Hungarian Paying Agent. In the absence of a Hungarian Paying Agent, or if social contribution tax 
was not properly deducted, it has to be reported by the individual in their Hungarian personal income tax 
return and paid directly to the Tax Authority.  
Non-Hungarian tax resident private individual investors 
Taxation of non-Hungarian tax resident investors in Hungary is restricted by the effective bilateral 
treaties on the avoidance of double taxation. Furthermore, non-Hungarian resident investors are subject 
to personal income tax in Hungary only on their Hungarian sourced income or on income on which the 
applicable double tax treaty otherwise allows taxation. 
Income from the Securities will generally not qualify as Hungarian sourced income, and will therefore 
should not be taxable for non-resident individuals. The individuals may need to provide a certificate of 
residence issued by the tax authorities of the country in which they deem themselves tax resident. 
Hungarian tax resident corporate investors  
Corporations having their place of management and/or their legal seat in Hungary are subject to corporate 
income tax in Hungary on their worldwide income (unlimited corporate income tax liability). A 
Hungarian tax resident corporation, having unlimited corporate income tax liability, will be subject to 
Hungarian corporate income tax at a rate of 9 per cent. Income from Securities (either in the form of 
interest, capital gain or other) is to be included in the general corporate tax base and will be subject to 
the general corporate income tax rate.

--- Page 858 ---
Taxation 
845 
Financial institutions, financial enterprises, insurance companies and investment enterprises may be 
subject to local business tax at 2 per cent. on the basis of the proceeds (or a part thereof) realised on the 
Securities. 
There is no withholding tax obligation for the paying agent if the proceeds are paid to Hungarian tax 
resident corporate investors. 
Non-Hungarian tax resident corporate investors 
Corporations having neither their place of management nor their legal seat in Hungary are subject to 
corporate income tax only on income from certain Hungarian sources (limited corporate income tax 
liability). 
Interest on Securities paid to a foreign tax resident corporate investor, who does not have a permanent 
establishment in Hungary, and any capital gains realised by such foreign resident investor on the sale of 
the Securities is not subject to tax in Hungary. 
The tax liability of a foreign tax resident corporate investor, which has a permanent establishment in 
Hungary is limited, in general, to the income from business activities realised through its Hungarian 
permanent establishment. Therefore, for a non-Hungarian tax resident investor who holds the Securities 
through a Hungarian permanent establishment, the interest and/or capital gains income will not be subject 
to a withholding tax but it will be included in the general corporate income tax base (on an accrual basis) 
of the Hungarian permanent establishment, which in turn will be subject to a tax rate of 9 per cent. 
Other Taxes or Duties in connection with the Securities in Hungary 
No registration tax, capital tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or other similar tax or duty is 
payable in Hungary for or in connection with the purchase, holding or disposal of the Securities, save for 
disposals by donation or inheritance in certain cases. 
Italy Taxation 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which could be made 
on a retroactive basis. The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all 
the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of 
the Securities and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. 
Investors in the Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of the Securities. The following analysis is an overview of certain 
material Italian tax considerations relating to (i) Securities issued by any of the Issuers where the 
investor is tax resident in Italy or the investment is related to an Italian permanent establishment or (ii) 
Securities are deposited with or any payment of interest and proceeds is made through a Paying Agent, 
custodian or intermediary located in Italy. 
This summary does not describe the tax consequences for an investor with respect to Securities that will 
be redeemed by physical delivery. 
As clarified by the Italian tax authorities in resolution No. 72/E of 12 July 2010, the Italian tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Securities may be different depending on 
whether: 
(a)
they represent a securitised debt claim, implying a static "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), 
through which the subscriber of the Securities transfers to the Issuer a certain amount of capital 
for the purpose of obtaining a remuneration on the same capital and subject to the right to 
obtain its (partial or entire) reimbursement at maturity; or 
(b)
they represent a securitised derivative financial instrument or bundle of derivative financial 
instruments not entailing a "use of capital", through which the subscriber of the Securities 
invests indirectly in underlying financial instruments for the purpose of obtaining a profit 
deriving from the negotiation of such underlying financial instruments.

--- Page 859 ---
Taxation 
846 
Italy Taxation of Notes 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 ("Decree 239"), as subsequently amended, provides for the 
applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from Notes falling in the category of 
bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, 
by a non-Italian resident issuer. For this purpose, bonds and debentures similar to bonds are securities 
that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption, an amount not lower than their 
nominal value and which do not grant the holder any direct or indirect right of participation in (or of 
control of) management of the Issuer. 
Otherwise, Notes that do not qualify as debentures similar to bonds are characterised for Italian tax 
purposes as "atypical securities" and as such regulated by Law Decree No. 512 of September 30, 1983. 
Italian resident Holders 
Where the Italian resident Holder of the Notes, who is the beneficial owner of such Notes, is (i) an 
individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are effectively connected, (ii) a 
partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar 
partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities or professional associations, 
(iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, trusts not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities, or (iv) an investor exempt from 
Italian corporate income taxation, then interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes, accrued 
during the relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, 
levied at the rate of 26 per cent. (either when interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the 
holder on a sale of the Notes).  
All the above categories are qualified as "net recipients", (unless they have entrusted the management of 
their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the so called 
"regime del risparmio gestito" (the Asset Management Regime) according to Article 7 of Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 461 of November 21, 1997, as amended and supplemented from time to time 
("Decree No. 461") – see "Capital Gains Tax" below. 
In the event that the Holders described under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity 
to which the Notes are effectively connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. Interest 
will be included in the relevant beneficial owner's Italian income tax return and therefore will be subject 
to Italian ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from 
Italian income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. Pursuant to Law no. 178 of 30 December 2020 ("Law No. 178"), it is 
further provided that Italian resident individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual 
savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from 
a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised in respect 
of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, 
provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to 
subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital 
gains). 
Where an Italian resident Holder of a Note is a company or similar commercial entity or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected and the Notes 
are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income from the Notes will 
not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Holder's income tax return and 
are therefore subject to general Italian corporate income taxation (IRES) (and, in certain circumstances, 
depending on the "status" of the Holder, also to the regional tax on productive activities ("IRAP")).

--- Page 860 ---
Taxation 
847 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into law 
with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 ("Decree 351"), Law Decree No.78 of 31 May 
2010 converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Article 9, paragraph 1 of Legislative Decree No. 
44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, payments of interest in respect of the Notes made to Italian resident 
real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended and supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and 
Italian real estate investment companies with fixed capital ("Real Estate SICAFs", and, together with 
the Italian resident real estate investment funds, the "Real Estate Funds") are subject neither to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of a Real Estate Fund, but subsequent distributions 
made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding 
tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage 
of participation, income of the Real Estate Fund is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or 
shareholder regardless of distribution. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, an Italian non-
real estate investment company with fixed capital ("SICAF") or an Italian non-real estate investment 
company with variable capital ("SICAV") established in Italy (together the "Fund") and either (i) the 
Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority, and the relevant Notes are 
held by an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income accrued during the holding 
period on the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the management 
results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such results but a substitute tax of 26 per 
cent. (the "Collective Investment Fund Tax") will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made 
in favour of unitholders or shareholders.  
Where an Italian resident Holder of a Note is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 
17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an authorised 
intermediary, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding 
period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio 
accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if 
the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Italian investment companies (società 
di intermediazione mobiliare) (SIMs), fiduciary companies, Italian asset management companies 
(società di gestione del risparmio) (SGRs), stockbrokers and other entities identified by a decree of the 
Ministry of Economics and Finance (each an "Intermediary"). 
An Intermediary must (i) be resident in Italy or be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian 
resident financial intermediary and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer 
of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes 
any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the 
ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld 
by any Italian financial intermediary paying interest to a Holder of a Note. 
Non-Italian Resident Holders  
No Italian imposta sostitutiva is applied on payments to a non-Italian resident Holder of Notes of interest 
or premium relating to the Notes. If the Notes are deposited with an Italian Intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign Intermediary) or are sold through an Italian Intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign Intermediary) or in any case an Italian Intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign Intermediary) intervenes in the payment of Interest on such Notes, to 
ensure payment of Interest without application of Italian taxation, a non-Italian resident Noteholder may 
be required to produce to said intermediary a statement (autocertificazione) stating that he or she is not 
resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Atypical securities

--- Page 861 ---
Taxation 
848 
Notes that do not qualify as obbligazioni (bonds) or as titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar 
to bonds) pursuant to Article 44, paragraph 2, lett. c) of Decree No. 917 are characterised for Italian tax 
purposes as "atypical securities". Interest payments relating to Notes characterised as "atypical securities" 
may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, debentures similar 
to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay an amount not lower than their 
nominal value.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes that are classified as atypical securities, if the Notes are included in a long-
term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set 
forth by Italian law, as amended and supplemented from time to time. Pursuant to Law No. 178, it is 
further provided that Italian resident individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual 
savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from 
a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised in respect 
of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, 
provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to 
subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital 
gains). 
The 26 per cent. withholding tax mentioned above does not apply to interest payments made to a non-
Italian resident Holder of Notes and to an Italian resident Holder of Notes which is (i) a company or 
similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities), (ii) a 
commercial partnership, or (iii) a commercial private or public institution. 
Payments made by a non-resident Guarantor 
With respect to payments made to Italian resident Holder of Notes by a non-Italian resident guarantor, 
in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any such payment made by the non-Italian 
resident guarantor could be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment made by the relevant Issuer 
and would thus be subject to the tax regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
Capital Gains Tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable income 
(and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Holder, also as part of the net value of 
production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including 
the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected) or Italian 
resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Holder is (i) an individual not holding the Notes in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution, any capital gain realised by such Holder from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be 
subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. Holders of Notes may set off 
losses against gains. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. Pursuant to Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident 
individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant with 
Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to 
possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised in respect of certain qualifying financial 
instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and 
requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital 
losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains).

--- Page 862 ---
Taxation 
849 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below. 
Under the "tax declaration" regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Holders 
of a Note under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident 
individuals holding Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or 
redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. The relevant Holder of a Note must 
indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in their 
annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance of income tax due 
for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains 
realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individuals holding the Notes under (i) to 
(iii) above may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or 
redemption of the Notes (the "risparmio amministrato" regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains 
is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries (including permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries); and (ii) an express 
election for the risparmio amministrato regime being punctually made in writing by the relevant Holder 
of Notes. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains 
realised on each sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised 
upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant 
amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from 
the proceeds to be credited to the Holder of Notes or using funds provided by the Holder of Notes for 
this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or transfer or redemption of the 
Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within 
the same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under 
the risparmio amministrato regime, the Holder of Notes is not required to declare the capital gains in its 
annual tax return. 
Any capital gains realised by Italian Holders of a Note under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted 
for the so-called "risparmio gestito" regime will be included in the computation of the annual increase 
in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute 
tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, any 
depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against any increase in 
value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito
regime, the Holder of Notes is not required to declare the capital gains realised in its annual tax return. 
Any capital gains realised by a Holder of Notes which is an Italian Fund, a SICAF or a SICAV will not 
be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio. Such result 
will not be taxed with the Fund, but subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders or shareholders 
may be subject to the Collective Investment Fund Tax.  
Any capital gains realised by a Holder of Notes which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the 
result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. 
substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and 
limitations, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable 
base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. 
Any capital gains realised by a Holder of Notes which is an Italian Real Estate Fund will be subject 
neither to substitute tax nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Holders of Notes from the sale or redemption of the Notes 
are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that the Notes (i) are traded on regulated markets, or (ii) if 
not traded on regulated markets, are held outside Italy.

--- Page 863 ---
Taxation 
850 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Holders from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on 
regulated markets and deposited with a bank, a SIM or certain authorised financial intermediary in Italy 
are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary: (a) is resident in a 
country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy as listed in the Italian 
Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended by Ministerial Decree of 23 April 2017 and possibly 
further amended by future decrees issued pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 4, letter (c) of Decree 239 
(the "White List"); (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy; (c) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter 
alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor which is resident in a country 
which is included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country 
of residence. 
In order to benefit from the tax exemption, non-resident investors who deposited the Notes with a bank, 
a SIM or certain authorised financial intermediaries in Italy must withdraw from the so-called risparmio 
amministrato regime - which provides for the application of an imposta sostitutiva separately on capital 
gains realised on each sale or redemption of the relevant Notes - and file with the relevant depositary a 
statement (autocertificazione) in which the Holder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable 
exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested for international bodies or 
entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy or in 
the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves of a foreign State, must 
comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001. 
If none of the conditions above are met and the Notes are deposited with a bank, a SIM or certain 
authorised financial intermediaries in Italy, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Holders are 
subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. In any event, non-Italian resident 
individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are connected, that 
may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or 
redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient and comply with 
the relevant formalities, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy. 
Italian Taxation of Warrants and Certificates 
Pursuant to Article 67 of the Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 (the "IITCC") and 
Legislative Decree No. 461 where the Italian resident investor is (i) an individual not engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Warrants and Certificates are connected, (ii) a non-commercial 
partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian 
corporate income taxation, capital gains accrued under the sale or the exercise of the Warrants and 
Certificates are subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva). The recipient may opt for the 
three different taxation criteria, regime della dichiarazione, risparmio amministrato and risparmio 
gestito, described in the "Capital Gains Tax" paragraph above.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised under the 
Warrants and Certificates if the Warrants and Certificates are included in a long-term savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. Pursuant to Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian 
resident individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant 
with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding 
to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised in respect of certain qualifying financial 
instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and 
requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital 
losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Where an Italian resident investor is a company or similar commercial entity, or the Italian permanent 
establishment of a foreign commercial entity to which the Warrants and Certificates are effectively 
connected, capital gains arising from the Warrants and Certificates will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant investor's income tax return and are therefore subject to 
Italian corporate tax and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the investors also as a 
part of the net value of production for IRAP purposes.

--- Page 864 ---
Taxation 
851 
Where (i) an Italian resident investor is a Fund, a SICAF or a SICAV (ii) the relevant Warrants and 
Certificates are deposited with an authorised intermediary, and (iii) the Fund realises a capital gain, such 
gain will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. The Fund 
will not be subject to taxation on such results but subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders may be subject to the Collective Investment Fund Tax. 
Capital gains realised by an Italian resident Holder which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the 
result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. ad 
hoc substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and 
limitations, capital gains may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the 
Warrants and Certificates are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a 
lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time. 
Any capital gains realised by an Italian Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva
nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund.  
Capital gains realised from the sale or redemption of the Warrants and Certificates by non-Italian resident 
Holders without a permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy to which the Warrants and 
Certificates are effectively connected are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that the Warrants and 
Certificates are held outside Italy or the capital gains derive from transactions executed in regulated 
markets. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Holders from the sale or redemption of Warrants and 
Certificates not traded on regulated markets and deposited with a bank, a SIM or certain authorised 
financial intermediary in Italy are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective 
beneficiary: (a) is resident in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy 
as listed in the White List; (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy; (c) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter 
alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor which is resident in a country 
which is included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country 
of residence. 
In order to benefit from the tax exemption, non-resident investors who deposited the Warrants and 
Certificates with a bank, a SIM or certain authorised financial intermediaries in Italy must withdraw from 
the so-called risparmio amministrato regime - which provides for the application of an imposta 
sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the relevant Warrants and 
Certificates - and file with the relevant depositary a statement in which the Holder declares to be eligible 
to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested 
for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered 
into force in Italy or in the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves 
of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 
2001. 
If none of the conditions above are met and the Warrants and Certificates are deposited with a bank, a 
SIM or certain authorised financial intermediaries in Italy, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident 
Holders from the sale or redemption of Warrants and Certificates are subject to the imposta sostitutiva
at the current rate of 26 per cent. In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Warrants and Certificates are connected, that may benefit 
from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption 
of Warrants and Certificates are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient and 
comply with the relevant formalities, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital 
gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Warrants and Certificates. 
Atypical securities 
Please note that in accordance with a different interpretation of current tax law, there is a remote 
possibility that the Warrants and Certificates would be considered as 'atypical' securities pursuant to 
Article 8 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 as implemented by Law No. 649 of 25 November

--- Page 865 ---
Taxation 
852 
1983. In this event, payments relating to Warrants and Certificates may be subject to an Italian 
withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other 
income relating to Warrants and Certificates that are classified as atypical securities, if the Warrants and 
Certificates are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Pursuant to Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing, by 31 December 
2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law 
Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative 
differences realised in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term 
individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the 
loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences 
against future capital gains).  
The 26 per cent. withholding tax mentioned above does not apply to payments made to a non-Italian 
resident Holder of Warrants and Certificates and to an Italian resident Holder of Warrants and Certificates 
which is (i) a company or similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of 
foreign entities), (ii) a commercial partnership, or (iii) a commercial private or public institution. This 
withholding is levied by any entities, resident in Italy, which intervene, in any way, in the collection of 
payment or transfer of the Warrants and Certificates. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006 converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, 
as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) 
as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a)
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of four per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the 
gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,000,000; 
(b)
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of six per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance 
or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the six per cent. inheritance and 
gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; and 
(c)
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of eight 
per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in the favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate 
mentioned above on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) – that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 100-114 of 
Finance Act 2017, as amended from time to time – is exempt from inheritance tax. 
Transfer tax 
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax contracts relating to the transfer of Securities are subject 
to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax 
at the rate of €200.00; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration tax only in "case of use" (caso d'uso) 
or in case of "explicit reference" (enunciazione) or voluntary registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19, paragraph 1 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 ("Decree 201"), a 
proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which may 
be sent by a financial intermediary to an Investor in respect of any Security which may be deposited with

--- Page 866 ---
Taxation 
853 
such financial intermediary. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and it cannot exceed €14,000, 
for taxpayers who are not individuals. This stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or 
– if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the Securities held.  
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial 
or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Wealth Tax on Securities deposited abroad  
Pursuant to Article 19, paragraph 18 of Decree 201, Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, 
non-commercial partnerships and similar institutions holding the Securities outside the Italian territory 
are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.2 per cent. (IVAFE). Starting from 1 January 2024, 
IVAFE applies at the rate of 0.4 per cent if the Securities are held in a country listed in the Italian 
Ministerial Decree dated 4 May 1999. Starting from fiscal year 2020, the wealth tax cannot exceed 
€14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Securities at the end of the relevant year or – if no market 
value figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside 
the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth 
taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax 
due). 
Italian Financial Transaction Tax ("IFTT") 
Italian shares and other participating instruments, as well as depositary receipts representing those shares 
and participating instruments irrespective of the relevant issuer (cumulatively referred to as "In-Scope 
Shares"), received by a Holder upon physical settlement of the Securities may be subject to 0.2 per cent. 
IFTT calculated on the higher of the exercise value of the Securities as determined according to Article 
4 of the Ministerial Decree of 21 February 2013, as amended (the "IFTT Decree"). 
Holders in derivative transactions or transferable securities, including certificates, and certain equity-
linked notes, mainly having as underlying or mainly linked to In-Scope Shares are subject to IFTT at a 
rate ranging between €0.01875 and €200 per counterparty, depending on the notional value of the 
relevant derivative transaction or transferable securities calculated pursuant to Article 9 of the IFTT 
Decree. IFTT applies upon subscription, negotiation or modification of the derivative transactions or 
transferable securities or the equity linked notes, as described above. The tax rate may be reduced to a 
fifth if the transaction is executed on certain qualifying regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities. 
Italian tax changes may affect the tax treatment of the Securities 
Law No. 111 of August 9, 2023, published in the Italian Official Gazette No. 189 of August 14, 2023 
("Law 111"), delegates power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from its 
publication, one or more legislative decrees implementing the reform of the Italian tax system (the "Tax 
Reform"). 
According to Law 111, the Tax Reform will significantly change the taxation of financial incomes and 
capital gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. The precise 
nature, extent, and impact of these amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this 
stage. 
The information provided in this Base Prospectus may not reflect the future tax landscape accurately.  
Investors should be aware that the amendments that may be introduced to the tax regime of financial 
incomes and capital gains could increase the taxation on interest, similar income and/or capital gains 
accrued or realized under the Securities and could result in a lower return of their investment. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences described 
above. 
Liechtenstein Taxation

--- Page 867 ---
Taxation 
854 
The following is an overview of certain material Liechtenstein tax consequences applicable to individual 
and corporate investors without any considerations in relation to double taxation agreements and tax 
information exchange agreements. The overview is based on the legislation at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is intended to provide general information only, whereas it does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, 
hold or sell the Securities. It is recommended and advisable that potential investors consult their own 
tax advisors for information with respect to his or her special tax consequences that may arise as a result 
of holding such Securities, including the provisions contained in double taxation agreements. The Issuers 
make no representations regarding the tax consequences discussed hereinafter. 
Payments made via a Liechtenstein paying agent to investors having their residence or habitual abode 
in Austria are dealt with below under the heading "Tax Treaty between Austria and Liechtenstein". 
Withholding tax 
There is no Liechtenstein withholding tax applicable on payments made by the Issuers in respect of the 
Securities to investors having their residence or habitual abode in Liechtenstein (each such investor a 
"Resident Individual"). 
Income tax and wealth tax 
Income, including capital gains and profits from the sale of the Securities, earned by Resident Individuals 
in Liechtenstein and subject to unlimited taxation of their assets and income, are exempt from income 
tax and subject only to wealth tax in respect of the Securities. The taxable net wealth of a Resident 
Individual is multiplied by an interest rate annually determined by the Finance Act. The resulting amount 
is included in the basis for the calculation of income tax. 
Individuals other than Resident Individuals are not subject to wealth tax in respect of the Securities nor 
to income tax on income, capital gains or profits realised on the sale of the Securities. 
Corporate tax 
Legal entities including corporations of any kind, foundations, establishments, trust enterprises, UCITS, 
investment enterprises for other assets or real estate according to the Investment Undertaking Act, 
alternative investment funds according to the Law on Alternative Investment Funds and comparable 
undertakings constituted according to the laws of other jurisdictions are subject to ordinary corporate tax 
if they have their domicile or effective place of management in Liechtenstein (each a "Resident 
Corporate Taxpayer"). Resident Corporate Taxpayers are subject to corporate tax at the rate of 12.50 
per cent. on their profits calculated from their worldwide corporate income reduced by allowable 
expenses. 
However, certain important exemptions exist, whereas:  
(a)
dividends as well as capital gains as well as profits from the sale of securities and liquidation 
proceeds stemming from participations in domestic and foreign legal entities; 
(b)
income derived from managed assets in accordance with the Act on UCITS, of investment 
enterprises for other assets or real estate according to the Investment Undertaking Act, of 
alternative investment funds according to the Act on Alternative Investment Funds or 
comparable undertakings according the laws of other jurisdictions; and 
(c)
qualifying assets of legal entities subject to the Pension Funds Act,  
qualify as non-taxable income. Dividends and capital gains from foreign participations may be taxable 
if certain anti-abuse provisions apply. 
Legal entities other than Resident Corporate Taxpayers are not subject to ordinary corporate income tax, 
unless their profits form part of the net corporate income of a Liechtenstein permanent establishment of 
that legal entity. In that case, the same favourable exemptions in relation to capital gains as well as profits 
from the sale of securities and liquidation proceeds stemming from participation in domestic and foreign 
legal entities apply as described above in relation to the Resident Corporate Taxpayers.

--- Page 868 ---
Taxation 
855 
Private assets structures 
Legal entities subject to ordinary corporate tax in Liechtenstein that qualify as Private Assets Structures 
within the meaning of Article 64 of the Tax Act (legal entities not pursuing an economic activity) are 
subject to a mere annual tax of CHF 1,800 if they act in the interest of the private assets of one or more 
natural persons. 
Trusts 
Trusts (special endowments not qualifying as legal entity) that are either domiciled or managed in 
Liechtenstein are not subject to the corporate tax, but are subject to an annual tax of CHF 1,800 only. 
Stamp taxes 
Based on the Customs Treaty between Liechtenstein and Switzerland and the respective Liechtenstein 
enactments thereto Swiss federal stamp tax is applicable in Liechtenstein. See "Swiss Federal Securities 
Turnover Tax" below at page 875 of the Base Prospectus. 
Gift and inheritance tax 
Liechtenstein does not have a gift nor inheritance tax. 
Tax Treaty between Austria and Liechtenstein 
If the recipient of income from the Securities is a wealth structuring vehicle, established before 31 
December 2016 and deemed transparent for tax purposes with a beneficial owner resident in Austria 
within the meaning of the Tax Treaty between Austria and Liechtenstein dated 29 January 2013 ("Tax-
Treaty"), a withholding tax of 27.50 per cent. is levied at source by the Liechtenstein paying agent. The 
withholding tax is final. According to the Liechtenstein Automatic Exchange of Information Ordinance 
respective accounts will be considered as so called "exempt accounts" and will not be reported. No tax 
is withheld if the recipient of the income has explicitly authorised the Liechtenstein paying agent to report 
the amount of interest paid annually to the Liechtenstein Tax Authority who will forward the information 
to the competent Austrian authority. Such reporting will follow the rules of the Tax Treaty, however, 
according to the Protocol, are considered as exchange of information according to Art. 2 of the Automatic 
Exchange of Information on tax matters between Liechtenstein and the member states of the European 
Union. 
The following are deemed as Liechtenstein paying agents pursuant to section 2 Abs. 1 lit. e) of the Tax 
Treaty i) banks under Liechtenstein banking law and securities dealers, ii) natural and legal persons 
resident or established in Liechtenstein including partnerships and permanent establishments of foreign 
companies which even accept, hold, invest or transfer assets of third parties or merely pay interest or 
secure the payment of interest in the course of their business. Also included are natural and legal persons 
holding a license pursuant to the Trustee Act and pursuant to section 180a Liechtenstein Persons- and 
Companies Act (PGR), provided they are members of a governing body of a wealth structuring vehicle. 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg Taxation 
The following discussion is an overview of certain material Luxembourg tax considerations relating to 
(i) Securities issued by any of the Issuers where the Holder is tax resident in Luxembourg or has a tax 
presence in Luxembourg, or (ii) Securities where the Paying Agent is located in Luxembourg and is 
included herein solely for information purposes. It is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be legal or tax advice. Prospective investors 
in the Securities should therefore consult their own professional local advisers as to the effects of state, 
local or foreign laws including Luxembourg tax law to which they may be subject. 
The residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg income tax 
assessment purposes only. In addition, any reference to a tax, duty, levy or other charge or withholding 
of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law only. 
Luxembourg Withholding Tax 
(i)
Non-resident Holders of Securities

--- Page 869 ---
Taxation 
856 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident Holders of Securities, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of the Securities held by non-resident Holders of Securities. 
(ii)
Resident Holders of Securities 
Under the Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the Luxembourg law of 23 
December 2005 introducing withholding tax on certain interest payments derived from savings income 
(the "Relibi Law"), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to 
Luxembourg resident Holders of Securities, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Securities, 
nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Securities held by 
Luxembourg resident Holders of Securities. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be 
subject to a withholding tax of twenty per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income 
tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent.  
Pursuant to the Relibi Law, Luxembourg resident individuals, acting in the course of their private wealth, 
can also opt to self-declare and pay a twenty per cent tax on interest payments made by paying agents 
located in a Member State of the EU or of the European Economic Area other than Luxembourg. In such 
case the beneficiary is responsible for the related payment and declaration obligations. This withholding 
tax represents the final tax liability for Luxembourg individual resident taxpayers acting in the course of 
the management of their private wealth. 
Income Taxation of the Holders 
(i)
Resident individual Holders of Securities 
An individual Holder who is a resident of Luxembourg and acting in the course of his/her private wealth 
will not be subject to taxation on capital gains (including foreign exchange gains) upon the disposal of 
the Securities, unless the disposal of the Securities precedes their acquisition or the Notes and Certificates 
are disposed of within six months of the date of acquisition. Upon redemption or exchange of the 
Securities, the portion of the redemption or exchange price corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest 
(if any) is subject to the aforementioned twenty per cent. withholding tax. 
If the Securities are held by a resident individual as business assets, the Securities will be subject to 
taxation as set forth in the paragraph "Luxembourg resident corporate undertakings" set out below, 
except that the aforementioned twenty per cent. withholding tax can be credited against the overall tax 
liability. 
(ii)
Resident corporate undertaking Holders of Securities 
Save where the Holder of the Securities is exempt from taxation (or benefit from a special tax regime) 
under Luxembourg law, a Holder who is a collective undertaking resident in Luxembourg, or a non-
resident Holder of the same type who has a permanent establishment or permanent representative in 
Luxembourg to which or whom the holding of the Securities is attributed, must, for Luxembourg 
corporate tax purposes, include in its taxable base (i) any interest received or accrued on the Securities 
(if any) and (ii) the difference between the sale, exercise or redemption price (including accrued but 
unpaid interest, if any) and the lower of the cost or book value of the Securities sold, redeemed or 
exercised (including foreign exchange gains). 
(iii)
Non-resident Holders of Securities 
A holder of Securities will not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only 
of the holding of the Securities or the execution, performance and/or delivery of the Securities. 
Under the existing laws of Luxembourg, the exercise or sale of Securities by a non-resident Holder does 
not give rise to taxable income in Luxembourg, unless such Securities were held as business assets by

--- Page 870 ---
Taxation 
857 
such non-resident Holder within a permanent establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg 
to which or whom the Securities were attributed. 
Net Wealth Tax 
Any corporate Holder of the Securities, whether such Holder is resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes 
or such Holder maintains a permanent establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg to 
which or whom the Securities are attributed is subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Securities, 
except if the corporate Holder benefits from a specific tax regime. 
Luxembourg resident individuals are not subject to net wealth tax in Luxembourg. 
Other Taxes 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, capital tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable 
in Luxembourg by the Holders in respect of or in connection with the execution and delivery of the 
Securities or the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities. However, a registration 
duty may be due upon voluntary registration of the Securities in Luxembourg or in case the Securities 
are appended to a document that requires mandatory registration in Luxembourg. 
Norway Taxation 
The following discussion is an overview of certain material Norwegian tax considerations relating to 
Securities issued by any of the Issuers where the holder is tax resident in Norway. The overview is based 
on legislation as at the date of this document and is intended to provide general information only. The 
tax treatment of each holder can depend on the holder's specific situation. This description does not deal 
comprehensively with all tax consequences that may occur for holders of Securities, and does not purport 
to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors. It is strongly recommended 
that potential investors consult their own tax advisers for information with respect to the special tax 
consequences that may arise as a result of holding Securities, including the applicability and effect of 
foreign tax rules, provisions contained in double taxation treaties and other rules which may be 
applicable. Any changes to applicable tax laws may have a retrospective effect. 
Individuals resident in Norway  
Withholding tax 
There is no Norwegian withholding tax applicable on payments made by the Issuer in respect of the 
Securities. 
Tax liability  
Individuals having their place of residence in Norway for tax purposes ("Norwegian Resident 
Individuals") under Norwegian Domestic laws and the relevant tax treaty (if any), are generally subject 
to Norwegian Income Tax on their worldwide income, irrespective of the country from which the income 
is derived. 
Any return received on the Securities and capital gains received on realisation (including a sale or 
redemption) of the Securities are taxable as ordinary income. Ordinary income is currently taxed at a flat 
rate of 22 per cent. Losses on realisation of Securities are deductible in the ordinary income of the 
individual.  
Return received on and capital gains derived from shares in joint stock corporations and on mutual funds 
where more than 80 per cent. of the funds' assets are stock, and on certain other holdings, are taxed at a 
higher tax rate, currently 37.84 per cent. Where 20 to 80 per cent. of a mutual fund's underlying assets 
are stock, the taxation of dividends and interests are taxed on a pro rata basis. If less than 20 per cent. of 
the funds' underlying assets are stock, all dividends are taxed as interests at 22 per cent. 
Separate or integrated taxation – Warrants and/or Certificates 
Whether the Warrants and/or Certificates will be subject to separate taxation on settlement or integrated 
taxation with the underlying assets depends on the nature of the underlying object of the Warrants and/or

--- Page 871 ---
Taxation 
858 
Certificates. Financial options, i.e. options and warranties on shares, debentures, foreign currency, quoted 
financial instruments and index options are generally taxed separately from the underlying asset. Whether 
financial instruments other than financial options will be taxed separately or integrated must be evaluated 
in each case. However, financial instruments will, as a starting point, be subject to separate taxation if 
the purpose of the instrument is not mainly to arrange for the transfer of the underlying object of the 
Securities.  
On this basis the Warrants and/or Certificates will most likely be subject to separate taxation in Norway. 
This is assumed in the following where the question is of importance. 
Calculation of capital gains and losses  
Capital gain or loss is computed as the difference between the consideration received on realisation and 
the cost price of the Securities. The cost price of the Securities is equal to the price for which the Holder 
acquired the Securities. Costs incurred in connection with the acquisition and realisation of the Securities 
may be deducted from the Holder's ordinary income in the year of realisation. In case of physical 
settlement of the Securities, the capital gain will be computed as the difference between the market value 
of the underlying asset and the cost price of the Securities (premium) including the exercise price. 
Settlement, sale and lapse of Securities  
Both settlement at the end of the term and sale is treated as realisation of the Securities, and will trigger 
a taxable capital gain or loss. The calculation of capital gains and losses is accounted for above.  
If the Securities lapse (without any return), they are deemed to be realised, incurring a loss equal to the 
acquisition cost. A loss is deductible as set out above. 
Net wealth taxation  
The value of the Securities at the end of each income year will be included in the computation of the 
Holder's taxable net wealth for municipal and state net wealth tax purposes. The top marginal tax rate on 
net wealth is currently 1.1 per cent. 
Transfer taxes etc. – VAT 
There are no Norwegian transfer taxes, stamp duty or similar taxes connected to the purchase, disposal 
or settlement of the Securities. Further, there is no VAT on transfer of Securities. 
Inheritance Tax  
Norway has abolished inheritance tax and gift tax. 
Legal entities resident in Norway  
Withholding tax 
There is no Norwegian withholding tax applicable on payments made by the Issuer in respect of the 
Securities. 
Tax liability 
Legal entities being formed and registered in Norway or having their effective place of management in 
Norway for tax purposes ("Norwegian Resident Corporations") under Norwegian Domestic laws and 
any relevant tax treaty (if any), are generally subject to Norwegian Income Tax on their worldwide 
income, irrespective of the country from which the income is derived.  
Any return received on the Securities and capital gains received on realisation (including a sale or 
redemption) of the Securities are as a main rule taxable as ordinary income, which is currently taxed at 
a flat rate of 22 per cent. Losses on realisation of the Securities are deductible in the ordinary income of 
the entity.  
The taxation is as a starting point triggered and calculated as described in the section concerning 
individuals, see heading "Individuals resident in Norway" above.

--- Page 872 ---
Taxation 
859 
Exemption from tax -The Norwegian tax exemption method 
Dividends and gains on certain equities such as shares in joint stock corporations and on options and 
warrants with qualifying equities as the underlying object and on mutual funds where more than 80 per 
cent. of the funds' assets are shares, and on certain other holdings, are taxed according to the so-called 
tax exemption method, provided that the entities that the equities are related to are resident within the 
European Economic Area. If the entity is resident within the European Economic Area in a low tax 
country for Norwegian tax purposes (the taxation is considered low if it is less than 2/3 of the Norwegian 
tax level), the tax exemption method only applies if the entity is properly established and performs real 
economic activity in its home country.  
Pursuant to the tax exemption method, dividends received are only subject to a 0.66 per cent. tax and 
capital gains realised are not subject to tax. According to the preparatory works, stock index options will 
also be comprised by the exemption method, but only as long as the index mainly is related to companies 
resident within the European Economic Area. In practice, this has been interpreted so that at least 90 per 
cent. of the index must consist of shares in companies resident within the European Economic Area. The 
exemption method will only apply as long as the financial instrument in question is not regarded as a 
debt instrument. 
Where 20 to 80 per cent. of a mutual fund's underlying assets are stock, the taxation of dividends and 
interests are taxed on a pro rata basis, whereas the interests are taxed at 22 per cent. and dividends are 
taxed at 0.66 per cent. If less than 20 per cent. of the funds' underlying assets are stock, all dividends are 
taxed as interests. 
As a result of the tax exemption for yields and gains, capital losses on such equities and equity linked 
instruments are not deductible. 
Other taxes  
There are no transfer taxes, stamp duty or similar taxes connected to purchase, disposal or settlement of 
the Securities. Further, there is no VAT on transfer of the Securities. Limited companies and similar 
entities are not subject to net wealth taxation. 
Non-resident holders 
A holder of the Securities will generally not be subject to Norwegian tax on yields, capital gains or 
interest payments if (i) such holder of Securities is not a resident of Norway for tax purposes under 
Norwegian Domestic laws and any relevant tax treaty (if any) and (ii) such holder of Securities does not 
participate in or carry on business in Norway or have a permanent establishment in Norway to which the 
Securities are attributable. The above is provided that the payment is not deemed as a dividend from a 
Norwegian entity (i.e. tax resident in Norway). 
Portugal Taxation 
The following discussion is an overview of certain material Portuguese tax considerations relating to 
Securities issued by any of the Issuers in particular if the Holder is tax resident in Portugal or otherwise 
subject to tax in Portugal and the relevant Issuer is not tax resident in Portugal and does not have a 
permanent establishment in Portugal.  
This information is of a general nature and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all 
Portuguese tax consequences that may be relevant to any particular Holder and to a decision to acquire, 
to hold and to dispose of the Securities. 
The overview is based on tax laws and taxation practice, as in effect and applied as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and is intended to provide general information only. The information herein included 
was not subject to confirmation by the Portuguese tax authorities through a specific tax ruling or 
otherwise. Tax laws, taxation practices and their interpretation are constantly under change, which 
changes may sometimes have a retroactive effect and may change the conclusions set out in this overview. 
The references to "interest", "investment income" and "capital gains" in the paragraphs below mean 
"interest", "investment income" and "capital gains" as understood in Portuguese tax law. The statements 
below do not take any account of any different definitions of "interest", "investment income" and "capital

--- Page 873 ---
Taxation 
860 
gains" which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by this Base Prospectus or any 
related documentation. 
Each potential Holder should consult a professional tax adviser as to the tax consequences relating to 
its particular circumstances and the characteristics of the relevant Securities resulting from subscription, 
purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes, Certificates and Warrants. 
Withholding tax 
See below under (A) "Individual investors resident in Portugal": where there is a Paying Agent 
established in Portugal, withholding tax will apply to certain income. 
Income/Capital Gains/Corporate Tax 
Investors resident in Portugal 
Payments of principal in respect of the Securities to corporate entities or to individuals are not subject to 
tax in Portugal. For these purposes, principal shall mean all payments received by the investor without 
any remuneration component.  
(A) 
Individual investors resident in Portugal
(i)
Notes and Certificates that guarantee the repayment of the invested amount 
(a)
Investment income 
Income generated by the holding of Notes or Certificates that provide for the 
repayment of the invested amount, qualifies as investment income (e.g., interest) 
and is subject to Portuguese individual income tax. Investment income includes 
also accrued interest (if the Security is transferred while interest is accruing) and 
the positive difference, if any, between the repayment amount and the issue price 
of the Security. 
This investment income is subject to taxation at a flat rate of 28 per cent., unless 
the individual elects to include the income (along with other income subject to 
taxation) in his taxable income, in which case it will be subject to tax at 
progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. Additionally, taxable income in excess of 
€ 80,000 is subject to an additional rate of 2.5 per cent., while taxable income in 
excess of € 250,000 is subject to a tax rate of 5 per cent.  
Withholding tax will apply at a rate of 28 per cent. if the Paying Agent is 
established in Portugal. The tax withheld represents the final tax due, unless the 
individual elects to include the income in his taxable income, in which case it will 
be subject to tax at progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. and the tax withheld 
will be deemed a payment on account of the final tax due. Additionally, taxable 
income in excess of € 80,000 is subject to an additional rate of 2.5 per cent., while 
taxable income in excess of € 250,000 is subject to a tax rate of 5 per cent.  
A final withholding tax at a rate of 35 per cent. will apply if the investment income 
is paid or made available via a bank account for the benefit of undisclosed third 
parties to the account, by a Paying Agent established in Portugal, unless the 
identity of the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the 
general rules apply. 
A final withholding tax at a rate of 35 per cent. will apply (or a final taxation at a 
rate of 35 per cent. when such withholding tax at source does not apply) to 
investment income paid or made available to individuals tax resident in Portugal 
by non-resident entities with no permanent establishment in Portugal, which are 
domiciled in a country or territory considered as a tax haven by Portuguese 
legislation (as listed in Finance Minister Order no. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004, 
as amended).

--- Page 874 ---
Taxation 
861 
It is mandatory to report in the annual personal income tax return information on 
income derived by the taxpayer in the previous year.  
Foreign sourced investment income derived by individual tax residents in 
Portugal benefiting from the non-habitual resident special tax regime may be 
exempt from Portuguese individual income tax provided: (i) the income may be 
liable to tax in the source country according to the applicable tax treaty concluded 
between Portugal and the source state; or (ii) in cases where there is no tax treaty 
in place, the income may be liable to tax in the source country according to the 
OECD Model Tax Convention on Income and on Capital, provided that the source 
country is not a "blacklisted" jurisdiction and the income is not deemed to have 
been obtained in Portuguese territory. 
Although the non-habitual resident special tax regime was revoked by the 
Portuguese State Budget Law for 2024, the regime remains applicable to the 
following individuals: (i) taxpayers registered as non-habitual residents by 1 
January 2024, and until the end of the ten year period foreseen under the regime; 
(ii) with reference to 31 December 2023, taxpayers who were eligible for the 
regime, provided that the registration was concluded before 31 March 2024; (iii) 
individuals who became tax residents up to 31 December 2024, provided that one 
of the requirements foreseen in the transitional regime was met; (iv) individuals 
who are members of the household of taxpayers who fulfilled the conditions under 
the transitional regime. 
Foreign sourced investment income derived by individual tax residents in 
Portugal benefiting from the tax incentive scheme for scientific research and 
innovation (IFICI) is exempt from Portuguese individual income tax. 
(b)
Capital gains 
Other income/earnings arising from the Notes or the Certificates (e.g., income 
other than accrued interest, earned by selling the Notes or the Certificates) will 
qualify as capital gains and is/are subject to taxation at a flat rate of 28 per cent., 
unless the individual elects to include the income (along with other income 
subject to taxation) in his taxable income, in which case it will be subject to tax 
at progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. Additionally, the taxable income in 
excess of € 80,000 is subject to an additional rate of 2.5 per cent., while taxable 
income in excess of € 250,000 is subject to a tax rate of 5 per cent.  
The inclusion of the capital gains income (along with other income subject to 
taxation) is mandatory when the capital gains derive from assets held for a period 
of less than 365 days and the taxpayer has a total taxable income equal to or 
greater than € 83,696. 
Broadly, the taxable base is comprised of the positive difference between capital 
gains and capital losses in a given year. 
Capital losses will not be allowed for tax purposes if the counterparty to the 
transaction is domiciled in a low tax jurisdiction. 
It is mandatory to report in the annual personal income tax return information on 
income derived by the taxpayer in the previous year. 
Foreign sourced capital gains income derived by individual tax residents in 
Portugal benefiting from the non-habitual resident special tax regime may be 
exempt from Portuguese individual income tax provided: (i) the income may be 
liable to tax in the source country according to the applicable tax treaty concluded 
between Portugal and the source state; or (ii) in cases where there is no tax treaty 
in place, the income may be liable to tax in the source country according to the 
OECD Model Tax Convention on Income and on Capital, provided that the source

--- Page 875 ---
Taxation 
862 
country is not a "blacklisted" jurisdiction and the income is not deemed to have 
been obtained in Portuguese territory.   
Although the non-habitual resident special tax regime was revoked by the 
Portuguese State Budget Law for 2024, the regime remains applicable to the 
following individuals: (i) taxpayers registered as non-habitual residents by 1 
January 2024, and until the end of the ten year period foreseen under the regime; 
(ii) with reference to 31 December 2023, taxpayers who were eligible for the 
regime, provided that the registration was concluded before 31 March 2024; (iii) 
individuals who became tax residents up to 31 December 2024, provided that one 
of the requirements foreseen in the transitional regime was met; (iv) individuals 
who are members of the household of taxpayers who fulfilled the conditions under 
the transitional regime. 
Foreign sourced capital gains income derived by individual tax residents in 
Portugal benefiting from the tax incentive scheme for scientific research and 
innovation (IFICI) is exempt from Portuguese individual income tax. 
(ii)
(a) Notes and Certificates that do not guarantee the repayment of the invested amount 
and (b) Warrants 
Interest and other remuneration, if any, arising from the Securities will qualify as 
investment income. The tax regime described above concerning investment income will 
generally apply.  
Other income arising from the Securities (e.g., earnings arising from an increase in the 
market value of the underlying assets) will qualify as capital gains. The tax regime 
described above concerning capital gains will generally apply. 
(B) 
Corporate entities (as investors) resident in Portugal
Income, including capital gains, arising from the Securities will be subject to tax in Portugal at 
a maximum rate of 21.5 per cent.. Taxable income within the first bracket of € 50,000 will be 
subject to (i) a special reduced income tax rate of 16 per cent., applicable only to small and 
medium sized corporate entities or small-mid-cap entities, and (ii) to a special reduced income 
tax rate of 12.5 per cent., applicable only to entities qualifying as "startup" under the respective 
regime. Additionally, taxable income in excess of € 1,500,000 is subject to a state surtax rate of 
3 per cent., while taxable income in excess of € 7,500,000 is subject to a state surtax rate of 5 
per cent.; and finally, taxable income in excess of € 35,000,000 is subject to a state surtax rate 
of 9 per cent. 
As referred to above, a final withholding tax at a rate of 35 per cent. will apply if the investment 
income (as defined above while describing the tax regime for individuals tax resident in 
Portugal) is paid or made available via a bank account for the benefit of undisclosed third parties 
to the account, by a Paying Agent established in Portugal, unless the identity of the beneficial 
owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general (individual income tax or corporate 
income tax, as the case may be) rules apply. 
Investors not resident in Portugal 
Investors not resident in Portugal and without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which the 
income/capital gain is attributable, will not be subject to tax in Portugal by means of withholding tax or 
otherwise. 
As referred to above, a final withholding tax at a rate of 35 per cent. will apply if the investment income 
(as defined above while describing the tax regime for individuals tax resident in Portugal) is paid or made 
available via a bank account for the benefit of undisclosed third parties to the account, by a Paying Agent 
established in Portugal, unless the identity of the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which 
case the general rules apply. 
Stamp Tax

--- Page 876 ---
Taxation 
863 
Lending/Borrowing 
The subscription of the Securities (including the repayment of the invested amount to investors) is not 
subject to stamp tax in Portugal. 
Gift/Inheritance Tax 
Gift/inheritance tax is part of the stamp tax. The individual investor, whether resident or not resident in 
Portugal, will not be subject to gift or inheritance tax in Portugal. The same applies to the corporate 
investor not resident and without a permanent establishment in Portugal.  
Any gift or inheritance comprising Securities benefiting a corporate investor resident in Portugal will not 
be subject to stamp tax but will be subject to corporate income tax in Portugal. 
Transfer Tax 
Transfer of the Securities is not subject to transfer tax in Portugal. 
Value Added Tax 
Acquisition and transfer of Securities will not be taxable under Value Added Tax. 
Paying Agent or Custodian Located in Portugal 
See (A) "Individual investors resident in Portugal", (B) "Corporate entities (as investors) resident in 
Portugal" and "Investors not resident in Portugal" above. 
Spain Taxation 
The following is a general description of the Spanish withholding tax treatment, direct and indirect 
taxation of payments under the Securities. The statements herein regarding Spanish taxes and 
withholding taxes in Spain are made assuming that the Issuer is not a Spanish resident entity nor does it 
act through a permanent establishment in Spain, and are based on the laws in force as well as the 
administrative interpretations thereof in Spain as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to 
any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. It 
does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Securities, whether in 
Spain or elsewhere, which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of 
the Securities and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax 
laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of the Securities and receiving payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Securities and the consequences of such actions under 
the tax laws of Spain. 
Personal Income Tax ("PIT") / Corporate Income Tax ("CIT") / Non Resident Income Tax
("NRIT") 
(A) 
Spanish resident individuals
(i)
Warrants 
Following the criterion of the Spanish Directorate-General for Taxation in several rulings 
(amongst others, rulings dated 27 August 2007, 23 May 2007 and 29 May 2013), income earned 
by Spanish resident individuals under Warrants should be considered as capital gains, in which 
case no withholdings on account of PIT will have to be deducted.  
Notwithstanding that, Spanish resident individuals recognising capital gains will still be subject 
to PIT, to be declared in their annual tax returns, according to the following rates:  

Amounts up to EUR 6,000.00: 19 per cent. 

Amounts from EUR 6,000.01 to EUR 50,000: 21 per cent.

--- Page 877 ---
Taxation 
864 

Amounts from EUR 50,000.01 to EUR 200,000: 23 per cent. 

Amounts from EUR 200,000.01 to EUR 300,000.00: 27 per cent. 

Amounts exceeding EUR 300,000.00: 30 per cent. 
(ii)
Certificates and Notes 
(a)
Interest payments under the Certificates and Notes  
Income earned by Spanish resident individuals under Certificates and Notes should qualify as 
interest payments and thus, will be deemed income from movable property.  
In general, interest payments obtained by Spanish resident individuals should be subject to 
withholding tax at 19 per cent. rate on account of PIT (creditable against final tax liability). 
Expenses relating to the management and deposit of the Certificates and Notes, if any, will be 
tax-deductible, excluding those pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio management.  
Notwithstanding the above, non-resident in Spain entities not acting through a permanent 
establishment in Spain are not bound to withhold on account of PIT on payments made to 
Spanish resident individuals. Interest payments under Certificates and Notes should be only 
subject to withholding tax in Spain if a depository entity or an individual resident in Spain (or 
acting through a permanent establishment in Spain) is the depositary or if an entity or individual 
resident in Spain (or acting through a permanent establishment in Spain) is in charge of the 
collection of the income derived from the Certificates and Notes, provided that such income had 
not been previously subject to withholding tax in Spain. 
Notwithstanding the above, Spanish resident individuals earning such income will still be 
subject to PIT – to be declared in their savings taxable base (taxed together with the other 
savings income obtained in that same tax year) of their annual tax returns – according to the 
following rates:  

Amounts up to EUR 6,000.00: 19 per cent. 

Amounts from EUR 6,000.01 to EUR 50,000: 21 per cent. 

Amounts from EUR 50,000.01 to EUR 200,000: 23 per cent. 

Amounts from EUR 200,000.01 to EUR 300,000.00: 27 per cent. 

Amounts exceeding EUR 300,000.00: 30 per cent. 
However, when certain income included in the taxpayer's taxable base has already been taxed 
abroad, the taxpayer shall be entitled to a tax credit against the PIT taxable base for the lower 
of the following amounts: (i) the amount effectively paid abroad; and (ii) the amount resulting 
from applying the average tax rate to the taxable base effectively taxed abroad.  
(b)
Income upon transfer or redemption of the Certificates and Notes 
Income earned upon transfer or redemption of the Certificates and Notes should be subject to 
Spanish withholding tax at 19 per cent. rate on account of PIT (creditable against final tax 
liability). Notwithstanding this, as entities which are not resident in Spain and which are not 
acting through a permanent establishment in Spain are not bound to withhold on account of PIT 
on payments made to Spanish resident individuals, income earned upon transfer or redemption 
of the Certificates and Notes should be subject to withholding tax in Spain only if there is a 
financial entity acting on behalf of the seller, provided such entity is resident for tax purposes 
in Spain or has a permanent establishment in Spain and such income had not been previously 
subject to withholding tax in Spain.  
However, when the Certificates and Notes (i) are represented in book-entry form; (ii) are 
admitted to trading on a Spanish secondary stock exchange; and (iii) generate explicit 
remuneration, holders can benefit from a withholding tax exemption in respect of the income

--- Page 878 ---
Taxation 
865 
arising from the transfer or reimbursement of the Certificates and Notes, exception made of 
income derived from accounts entered into with financial institutions, provided that such 
accounts are based on financial instruments, such as Notes and Certificates. However, under 
certain circumstances, when a transfer of the Certificates and Notes has occurred within the 30-
day period immediately preceding any relevant coupon payment date such holders may not be 
eligible for such withholding tax exemption. 
Notwithstanding the above, Spanish resident individuals earning such income will still be 
subject to PIT, to be declared in their annual tax returns, according to the following rates:  

Amounts up to EUR 6,000.00: 19 per cent. 

Amounts from EUR 6,000.01 to EUR 50,000: 21 per cent. 

Amounts from EUR 50,000.01 to EUR 200,000: 23 per cent. 

Amounts from EUR 200,000.01 to EUR 300,000.00: 27 per cent. 

Amounts exceeding EUR 300,000.00: 30 per cent. 
However, when certain income included in the taxpayer's taxable base has already been taxed 
abroad, the taxpayer shall be entitled to a tax credit against the PIT taxable base for the lower 
of the following amounts: (i) the amount effectively paid abroad; and (ii) the amount resulting 
from applying the average tax rate to the taxable base effectively taxed abroad.  
(B) 
Spanish resident companies 
Spanish resident companies earning income under the Warrants, Certificates or Notes will be 
subject to CIT, to be declared in their annual tax returns, at a general 25 per cent. rate. However, 
when certain income included in the taxpayer's taxable base has already been taxed abroad, the 
taxpayer shall be entitled to a tax credit against the CIT taxable base for the lowest amount of 
the following: (i) the amount effectively paid abroad; and (ii) the amount that should have been 
paid in Spain in the case that such income had been obtained in Spain. Taxpayers with an annual 
net turnover higher than EUR 20 million or that are taxed jointly under a CIT group will be 
subject to a minimum 15 per cent. effective CIT rate of the adjusted taxable base (additional 
requirements or limitations may apply depending on the nature and circumstances of a given 
taxpayer). 
(i)
Warrants 
Income earned under Warrants shall be considered as capital gains, in which case no 
withholdings on account of CIT will have to be deducted. 
(ii)
Certificates and Notes 
Interest payments under the Certificates and Notes shall be subject to withholding tax at 19 per 
cent. rate on account of CIT (creditable against final tax liability). Notwithstanding this, entities 
which are not resident in Spain and which are not acting through a permanent establishment in 
Spain are not bound to withhold on account of CIT on payments made to Spanish resident 
entities. Interest payments under Certificates and Notes should only be subject to withholding 
tax in Spain in case they are deposited in a depository entity resident in Spain (or acting through 
a permanent establishment in Spain) or if an entity or individual resident in Spain (or acting 
through a permanent establishment in Spain) is in charge of the collection of the income derived 
from the Certificates and Notes, provided that such income has not been previously subject to 
withholding tax in Spain. 
Income upon transfer or redemption of the Certificates and Notes should be subject to Spanish 
withholding tax at 19 per cent. rate on account of CIT (creditable against final tax liability). 
Notwithstanding this, as non-resident in Spain entities not acting through a permanent 
establishment in Spain are not bound to withhold on account of CIT on payments made to 
Spanish resident entities, income upon transfer or redemption of the Certificates and Notes 
should be subject to withholding tax in Spain only if there is a financial entity acting on behalf

--- Page 879 ---
Taxation 
866 
of the seller, provided such entity is resident for tax purposes in Spain or has a permanent 
establishment in Spain. 
However, when (i) the Certificates and Notes are represented in book-entry form and are 
admitted to trading on a Spanish secondary stock exchange or on the Spanish Alternative Fixed 
Income Market (MARF); or (ii) the Certificates and Notes are listed on a market in an OECD 
member state; holders who are Corporate Income Tax taxpayers can benefit from a withholding 
tax exemption in respect of interest payments and income arising from the transfer or 
redemption of the Certificates and Notes, exception made of income derived from accounts 
entered into with financial entities, provided that such accounts are based on financial 
instruments, such as Certificates and Notes. 
(C) 
Individuals and companies with no tax residency in Spain
(i)
Income obtained through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Securities by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not 
in itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
The tax rules applicable to income deriving from the Securities under NRIT in this scenario are, 
generally, the same as those previously set out for Spanish resident companies, subject to the 
provisions of any relevant double tax treaty. 
(ii)
Income obtained without a permanent establishment in Spain 
Income obtained by investors residing outside Spain and without a permanent establishment in 
Spain would not be considered, in general terms, as Spanish-source income and, therefore, 
would not be subject to taxation and withholding tax in Spain. 
According to binding ruling V0185-20 issued by the Spanish General Directorate of Taxes on 
27 January 2020, certain securities (such as financial derivatives) may be classified, for the 
purposes of the relevant double tax treaty, as business profits or other income and, as mentioned 
above, should not be considered, in general terms, as Spanish-source income, subject to the 
provisions of any relevant double tax treaty. 
Net Wealth Tax ("NWT") 
Only individual holders of Securities would be subject to the NWT as legal entities are not taxable 
persons under NWT. 
Relevant taxpayers will be (i) individuals who have their habitual residence in Spain regardless of the 
place where their assets or rights are located or could be exercised; and (ii) non-Spanish resident 
individuals owning assets or rights which are located or could be exercised in Spain, in each case, whose 
net wealth is higher than EUR 700,000, as this amount is considered as exempt from NWT. 
Taxpayers should include in their NWT self-assessment the Securities (assuming they qualify as debt 
instruments) for the following amounts: 
(i)
if they are listed in an official market, the average negotiation value of the fourth quarter of each 
given year; and 
(ii)
in other case, its nominal value (including redemption premiums).  
The value of the Securities together with the rest of the taxpayer's wealth, once reduced by the deductible 
in rem liens and encumbrances which reduce the rights and assets values and the personal debts of the 
taxpayer, shall be taxed at a tax rate between 0.2 and 3.5 per cent.  
Finally, please note that the Spanish regions are entitled to modify (i) the threshold of net wealth exempt 
from taxation; (ii) the tax rates; and (iii) the tax benefits and exemptions to be applied in their territory. 
Non-resident individuals may apply the rules approved by the autonomous region where the assets and 
rights with more value (i) are located, (ii) can be exercised or (iii) must be fulfilled.

--- Page 880 ---
Taxation 
867 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes ("STLF") 
The STLF is a complementary tax to the NWT, levied on individuals with a worldwide net wealth of 
EUR 3,000,000. The value of the securities, combined with the rest of the taxpayer's net wealth exceeding 
EUR 3,000,000, is taxed at a rate between 1.7% and 3.5%. Nonetheless, individuals subject to this tax 
are entitled to a EUR 700,000 rebate on their taxable base, meaning the STLF will be triggered for a net 
wealth exceeding EUR 3,700,000. 
The STLF quota, together with the NWT and PIT quotas, shall not surpass 60% of the PIT taxable base. 
If this summation exceeds the threshold, the STLF quota could be reduced by up to 80%.  
After applying these limitations, the following deductions can be made from the final STLF tax quota: 
(i) taxes paid abroad in accordance with the NWT relevant provisions, without prejudice to the 
dispositions contained in any double tax treaty or applicable international legislation (this applies only 
to individuals who have their habitual residence in Spain), and (ii) the NWT quota effectively paid. 
The STLF was initially conceived as a temporary tax; however, its application has been extended 
indefinitely, following the adoption of Royal Decree-law 8/2023 on 27 December 2023. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax ("IGT") 
(A)
Individuals with tax residency in Spain 
Individuals resident in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over any Securities by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to IGT without prejudice to the specific legislation 
applicable in each autonomous region. The effective tax rate, after applying all relevant factors, 
ranges from 0 per cent. to 81.6 per cent. depending on several factors such as pre-existing 
heritage of the heir or donee, or the kinship with the deceased or the donor. Additionally, it 
should be taken into consideration that IGT management has been transferred to the Spanish 
Autonomous Regions therefore, a detailed analysis in each specific case should be carried out 
to analyse the applicable regional legislation since there might be differences in respect of the 
final taxation under IGT depending on the region in which an investor resides. 
Tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation may apply in respect of similar 
taxes paid abroad, if any, in respect of Securities. 
(B)
Companies with tax residency in Spain 
Companies resident in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Securities by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to IGT, as income obtained will be subject to CIT. 
(C)
Individuals and companies with no tax residency in Spain 
Non-Spanish resident individuals and companies which are not resident in Spain and do not 
have a permanent establishment in Spain that acquire ownership or other rights over the 
Securities by inheritance, gift or legacy, will not be subject to IGT provided that the Securities 
were not located in Spain and the rights deriving from them could not be exercised within 
Spanish territory. 
The acquisition of Securities by inheritance, gift or legacy by non-resident companies with a 
permanent establishment in Spain is not subject to the IGT, as income obtained will be subject 
to the NRIT. 
Value Added Tax, Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty 
Acquisition, transfer, redemption and reimbursement of Securities, in principle, will be exempt from 
indirect taxes in Spain, i.e. exempt from or not subject to Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, as the case may 
be, in accordance with the Consolidated Text of such tax approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, 
of 21 September 1993, and exempt from Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 
December 1992, regulating such tax. 
Spanish Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT")

--- Page 881 ---
Taxation 
868 
The acquisition of shares of a Spanish listed company trading on a regulated market in Spain, any other 
Member State of the European Union, or on a market in a third country if the market is considered to be 
equivalent, with a market capitalisation greater than 1,000 million euros ("Qualifying Shares") and the 
acquisition of certificates of deposit representing Qualifying Shares ("Qualifying Certificates"), such 
as American depositary receipts, regardless of the type of market or trading centre where the trades are 
executed (regulated market, multilateral trading facility, systematic internaliser; or OTC transactions), 
are subject, save for certain exceptions, to Spanish FTT at a 0.2 per cent. of the corresponding acquisition 
price (excluding the costs and expenses associated to such transaction). 
In addition to the above, the acquisition of Qualifying Shares and Qualifying Certificates under the 
execution or settlement of convertible or exchangeable bonds or debentures, of derivatives, as well as of 
any financial instrument, or of certain financial contracts, are also subject to the Spanish FTT. 
Sweden Taxation 
The following discussion is an overview of certain material Swedish tax considerations relating to (i) 
Securities issued by any of the Issuers where the Holder is tax resident in Sweden or has a tax presence 
in Sweden and (ii) Securities where the Paying Agent or custodian is located in Sweden. This overview 
of certain tax issues that may arise as a result of holding Securities is based on current Swedish tax 
legislation and is intended only as general information for Holders of Securities who are resident or 
domiciled in Sweden for tax purposes, unless otherwise stated. This description does not deal 
comprehensively with all tax consequences that may occur for Holders of Securities, nor does it cover 
the specific rules where Securities are held by a partnership or are held as current assets in a business 
operation. The overview does, moreover, not cover Securities held on a so-called investment savings 
account (Sw: investeringssparkonto). Special tax consequences that are not described below may also 
apply for certain categories of taxpayers, including investment companies and life insurance companies. 
It is recommended that potential investors in Securities consult their own tax advisers for information 
with respect to the special tax consequences that may arise as a result of holding Securities, including 
the applicability and effect of foreign income tax rules, provisions contained in double taxation treaties 
and other rules which may be applicable. 
Withholding of tax  
There is no Swedish withholding tax (källskatt) applicable on payments made by the Issuer in respect of 
the Securities. Sweden operates a system of preliminary tax (preliminärskatt) to secure payment of taxes.  
In the context of the Securities a preliminary tax of 30 per cent. will be deducted from all payments 
treated as interest in respect of the Securities made to any individuals or estates that are resident in 
Sweden for tax purposes provided the paying entity is tax resident in Sweden and subject to reporting 
obligations. A preliminary tax of 30 per cent. will also be deducted from any other payments in respect 
of the Securities not treated as capital gains, if such payments are paid out together with payments treated 
as interest. To the extent the Securities are cleared through Euroclear Sweden, Euroclear Sweden would 
normally be obligated to make preliminary tax deductions. Depending on the relevant Holder's overall 
tax liability for the relevant fiscal year the preliminary tax may fall short of, equal or exceed the Holder's 
overall tax liability, with any balance subsequently to be paid by or to the relevant Holder, as applicable. 
Taxation of individuals resident in Sweden  
Income from capital 
For individuals and estates of deceased Swedish individuals, capital gains, interest payments, dividends 
and other income derived from the holding of an asset should be reported as income from capital. 
Capital gains and losses  
Individuals and estates of deceased Swedish individuals, who sell their Securities, are subject to capital 
gains taxation. The tax rate is 30 per cent. of the gain. The capital gain or loss is equal to the difference 
between the sales proceeds after deduction of the acquisition cost and sales costs of the Securities. The 
acquisition cost is calculated according to the so-called average method. In brief this means that the costs 
of acquiring all Securities of the same type and class are added together and calculated collectively, with 
respect to changes to the holding.

--- Page 882 ---
Taxation 
869 
Optionally, the so-called standard method under which the acquisition cost is deemed to be the equivalent 
of 20 per cent. of the net sales price, may be applied on the disposal of listed Securities (except for options 
and forward contracts) that are taxed in the same way as shares. A Security should be regarded as listed 
for Swedish tax purposes if it is listed on a regulated market considered to be a stock exchange under 
Swedish tax law. 
As a main rule, 70 per cent. of a capital loss is deductible for tax purposes against any other taxable 
income derived from capital. However, capital losses on listed Securities that are taxed in the same way 
as shares are fully deductible against taxable capital gains on such listed assets or capital gains on listed 
as well as non-listed shares in Swedish limited liability companies and foreign legal entities. Any 
remaining capital loss is deductible at 70 per cent. against any other capital income. 
Capital losses on listed Securities qualifying as Swedish receivables (i.e. denominated in SEK) are 
currently fully deductible. Moreover, under EU law capital losses on receivables denominated in foreign 
currency should also be fully deductible. In respect of non-listed receivables, only capital losses related 
to exchange fluctuations should be fully deductible. 
If a deficit arises on income from capital, a reduction of the tax on income from employment and from 
business, as well as the tax on real estate, is allowed. The tax reduction allowed amounts to 30 per cent. 
of any deficit not exceeding SEK 100,000 and 21 per cent. of any deficit in excess of SEK 100,000. 
Deficits may not be carried forward to a subsequent fiscal year. 
Gains or losses on currency exchange rate fluctuations may arise in relation to Notes where the sales 
proceeds received are in a foreign currency. However, no special calculations are required if the sales 
proceeds are exchanged into SEK (Swedish krona) within 30 days from the time of disposal. In such 
case, the exchange rate on the date of exchange shall be used when calculating the value of the sales 
proceeds. The exchange rate on the date of acquisition is generally used when determining the acquisition 
cost for tax purposes. 
Interest  
Interest as well as other income derived from the holding of an asset is subject to tax at a rate of 30 per 
cent. The tax liability arises when the interest (or other income) is paid to the Holder of the Securities, in 
accordance with the so-called cash method. 
Classification of various Notes and return on such Notes for tax purposes  
Zero-coupon bonds  
No formal interest accrues on zero-coupon bonds. 
The gain from a redemption of a zero-coupon bond is regarded as interest, subject to tax at the time of 
redemption. The interest equals the difference between the subscription amount and the redemption 
amount (the nominal amount). If the zero-coupon bond is disposed prior to maturity; the appreciation in 
value due to accrued interest is defined as interest compensation, which is taxed as interest. If there is a 
loss on the bond, this is deductible as a capital loss in accordance with the principles referred to above. 
FX linked notes  
FX linked notes constitute receivables and are taxed as capital income. Appreciation or depreciation in 
value is recognised at disposal or redemption as a capital gain or loss in accordance with the principles 
referred to above. 
Commodity linked notes 
Commodity linked notes constitute receivables and are taxed as capital income. Appreciation or 
depreciation in value is recognised at disposal or redemption as a capital gain or loss in accordance with 
the principles referred to above. 
Share linked notes

--- Page 883 ---
Taxation 
870 
Share linked notes constitute securities that are taxed in the same way as shares provided that the return 
derives from equity. This should apply regardless of whether the Notes are denominated in foreign 
currency. The Swedish Tax Agency's opinion is, however, that a receivable denominated in foreign 
currency should, regardless whether the return on the receivable is linked to shares, be treated as a foreign 
receivable. 
Any fixed, guaranteed return is taxed as interest and does not form part of any capital gain. Floating 
payments that cannot be predicted (based on the performance of a Reference Asset, such as an index) are 
classified as capital gains or, if the non-interest return is earned before the note is disposed of as other 
capital income.  
Upon disposal prior to maturity an annual guaranteed return shall be regarded as interest compensation. 
Any remaining amount shall be treated as capital gain or loss. The acquisition cost for the instrument is 
the difference between the price paid for the note and any interest compensation amount.  
At redemption, a yearly guaranteed return is regarded as interest, whereas any remaining part of a yearly 
floating return shall be treated as other capital income. The remaining part is taxed as a capital gain or 
loss. 
Combination notes 
Combination notes are considered as receivables for tax purposes (i.e. not as notes taxed in the same way 
as shares) if more than 50 per cent. of the return on the instrument derives from assets other than equity. 
The assessment is made at the time the notes are issued. 
Classification of various securities for tax purposes 
Certificates and Warrants where the return is linked to equity (e.g. an equity index) are taxed in the same 
way as shares.  
Certificates and Warrants, whose underlying assets are linked to claims in SEK, or to one or several 
interest indices, are treated as Swedish receivables. If the underlying assets are linked to foreign currency 
or claims in foreign currency, or if the securities relate to one or several indices depending on foreign 
currency, the securities are treated as foreign receivables.  
Commodity linked certificates and warrants should qualify as so-called "other assets". Gains are taxed 
at a tax rate of 30 per cent. and only 70 per cent. of any loss is deductible against any other capital income.  
Certificates and Warrants with a return deriving from a combination of equity and other assets, are taxed 
in the same way as shares should more than 50 per cent. of the return on the security derive from equity. 
The assessment is made at the time the Certificates/Warrants are issued. 
Settlement and sale of call warrants  
Cash settled warrants 
Capital gains taxation is triggered on sale or when settled throughout the duration of the warrant or when 
the warrant lapses.  
The acquisition cost is determined only according to the so-called "average method" described above. 
The standard method does not apply as the security is not linked to equity. See also the section entitled 
"Taxation of individuals resident in Sweden, Capital gains and losses" above.  
If the cash settled warrant lapses, it is deemed sold for no consideration, incurring a loss equal to the 
acquisition cost. A loss is deductible as set out above.  
Physically settled warrants  
Taxation is not triggered on the exercise of a physically settled warrant. Instead a future sale of the 
underlying asset triggers capital gains taxation. The acquisition cost for the underlying asset equals the 
acquisition cost of the physically settled warrant and the exercise price.

--- Page 884 ---
Taxation 
871 
A sale or redemption of a physically settled warrant triggers taxation. The acquisition cost is determined 
only according to the so-called "average method" described above. The standard method does not apply 
as the security is not linked to equity. See also the section entitled "Capital gains and losses" above.  
If the physically settled warrant lapses, it is deemed sold for no consideration, incurring a loss equal to 
the acquisition cost. A loss is deductible as set out above. 
Settlement, sale and lapse of put warrants  
The following applies to both cash settled warrants and physically settled warrants.  
Taxation is triggered when the underlying asset is disposed of due to an exercise of a put warrant or on 
cash settlement. The capital gain or loss is calculated to equal the difference between the sales proceeds 
(the exercise price) after deduction for sales expenses and the acquisition cost of the underlying asset and 
the put warrant, or the difference between the cash settled sum and the acquisition cost for the warrant. 
This means that rules regarding disposal of shares will apply, if the relevant put warrant relates to such 
assets.  
Furthermore, a sale or redemption of a put warrant triggers taxation. The rules concerning the acquisition 
cost, taxation of gains and the deductibility of capital losses are equal to those relating to call warrants 
and are described above. See the section entitled "Settlement and sale of call warrants, Cash settled 
warrants" above. 
If the put warrant lapses, it is deemed sold for no consideration, incurring a loss equal to the acquisition 
cost. A loss is deductible as set out above. 
Settlement, sale and lapse of Certificates  
A cash settlement, including redemption, or a sale of a Certificate triggers capital gains taxation. A 
physical settlement of a Certificate is likely to trigger capital gains taxation as well. A capital loss realised 
upon settlement, including redemption, is deductible in accordance with the principles referred to above. 
The acquisition cost is determined according to the so-called "average method" described above. See 
also the section entitled "Taxation of individuals resident in Sweden, Capital gains and losses" above. 
Taxation of non-residents in Sweden 
Holders of Securities who are not tax resident in Sweden and who are not carrying on business operations 
from a permanent establishment in Sweden are generally not liable for Swedish capital gains taxation on 
the disposal of Securities. The Holders may, nevertheless, be subject to tax in their country of residence.  
However, as far as non-resident individuals are concerned, capital gains on the sale of certain Securities 
(such as securities taxed in the same way as shares) may in some cases be subject to Swedish tax if the 
individual has been resident or permanently lived in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of the 
sale or any of the 10 preceding calendar years. This provision is, nevertheless, in many cases limited 
under tax treaties for the avoidance of double taxation, which Sweden has concluded with other countries. 
Stamp duty  
There is no stamp duty on the issuing, transfer or redemption of Securities in Sweden.  
Gift, Inheritance and Wealth taxes  
There is no gift, inheritance or wealth tax in Sweden. 
Taxation of Swedish legal entities  
Limited liability companies and other legal entities, except for estates of deceased Swedish individuals, 
are taxed on all income (including income from the sale of Securities) as income from business activities 
at a flat rate of 20.6 per cent. Regarding the calculation of a capital gain or loss and the acquisition cost, 
see "Taxation of individuals resident in Sweden" above. However, interest income as well as other 
income derived from the holding of an asset is taxed on an accrual basis. The sale of Securities 
denominated in foreign currency may also give rise to foreign exchange gains or losses.

--- Page 885 ---
Taxation 
872 
Capital losses on Securities that are taxed in the same way as shares (see further above) incurred by a 
corporate holder of a Security may only be offset against taxable capital gains on shares or other securities 
taxed in the same manner as shares. Such capital losses may also, under certain circumstances, be tax 
deductible against capital gains on shares and Securities that are taxed in the same way as shares within 
the same group of companies, provided the requirements for group contributions (tax consolidation) are 
met. 
Capital losses on shares and Securities that are taxed in the same way as shares which are not deducted 
against capital gains within a certain year may be carried forward and offset against taxable capital gains 
on shares and notes taxed in the same way as shares in the future.  
Notwithstanding the above, for limited liability companies and economic associations, capital gains on 
shares and certain share linked rights held for business purposes are tax exempt. Correspondingly, capital 
losses on shares and share linked rights that are held for business purposes are not tax deductible. 
Securities under this offer are not treated as share linked rights held for business purposes. However, a 
capital loss on the Securities is not tax deductible should the underlying assets, directly or indirectly, 
consist of shares or certain share linked rights held for business purposes.  
As mentioned above, there is no stamp duty on the issuing, transfer or redemption of Securities in 
Sweden. 
Switzerland Taxation 
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swiss tax considerations relating to (i) 
Securities issued by any of the Issuers where the Holder is tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax 
presence in Switzerland or (ii) Securities where the Paying Agent, custodian or securities dealer is 
located in Switzerland. The discussion is a summary based on legislation as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. It does not aim to be a comprehensive description of all the Swiss tax considerations that 
may be relevant for a decision to invest in Securities. The tax treatment for each investor depends on the 
particular situation. All investors are advised to consult with their professional tax advisors as to the 
respective Swiss tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or redemption 
of Securities (or options embedded therein) in light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
Payments under the Securities will not be subject to Swiss federal withholding tax, provided that the 
Issuer is at all times resident and managed outside Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes. 
Income Taxation 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
(a)
Structured Notes 
If a Security is classified as a structured note, its income taxation in Switzerland depends on 
whether the bond and the derivative financial instrument(s) embedded therein are recorded 
separately from each other and whether the Security is classified as a structured note with or 
without a predominant one-time interest payment (a structured note is classified as a note with 
a predominant one-time interest payment if the one-time interest payment exceeds the sum of 
the periodic interest payments): 
Non-transparent Structured Notes: If the bond is not recorded separately from the embedded 
derivative financial instrument(s), the Security is classified as Non-transparent Structured Note 
and any return over the initial investment is classified as a taxable interest payment. Non-
transparent Structured Notes generally include a predominant one-time interest payment and are 
taxed in accordance with the principles set forth below under "Bonds with a predominant one-
time interest payment". 
Transparent Structured Notes without a predominant one-time interest payment: If the bond is 
recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and the yield-to-
maturity predominantly derives from periodic interest payments and not from a one-time interest 
payment (see below "Transparent Structured Notes with a predominant one-time interest

--- Page 886 ---
Taxation 
873 
payment"), then any such periodic interest payment, and the non-predominant one-time interest 
payment, if any, is taxed when paid to the holder of the Security. A gain (including interest 
accrued) or a loss realised on the sale of such a Security is a tax-free private capital gain or a 
non-tax-deductible private capital loss, respectively (see below "Capital Gains, Securities held 
as Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder"). The same applies if such a Security is redeemed, 
except that interest accrued is taxed when paid. 
Transparent Structured Notes with a predominant one-time interest payment: If the bond is 
recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and if the yield-to-
maturity predominantly derives from a one-time interest payment such as an original issue 
discount or a repayment premium and not from periodic interest payments, then any periodic 
interest payments constitute, and upon the redemption or sale of the Security, the difference 
between the value of the bond at redemption or sale, as applicable, and its value at issuance or 
secondary market purchase, as applicable, converted, in each case, into Swiss francs at the 
exchange rate prevailing at the time of redemption or sale, and at the time of issuance or 
purchase, respectively (modified differential taxation method), constitutes, taxable income. A 
value decrease on the bond realised on the redemption or sale of the Security may be offset 
against any gains (including periodic interest payments) realised within the same taxation period 
from all instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment. Any residual return realised 
on the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) is a tax-free private capital gain, and any 
residual loss is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss (see below "Capital Gains, Securities 
held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder").
(b)
Bonds 
Bonds without a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Security is classified as a pure 
bond without a predominant one-time interest payment (the yield-to-maturity predominantly 
derives from periodic interest payments and not from a one-time-interest-payment), Swiss 
resident private investors will be taxed on the periodic and any one-time interest payments, if 
any, converted into Swiss francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of the relevant 
payment. A gain (including interest accrued) or a loss realised on the sale of such a Security is 
a tax-free private capital gain or a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, respectively (see 
below "Capital Gains, Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder"). 
Bonds with a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Security is classified as a pure bond 
with a predominant one-time interest payment (the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives 
from a one-time-interest-payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium 
and not from periodic interest payments), Swiss resident private investors will be taxed on any 
periodic interest payments and on any gains (including capital and foreign exchange gains) 
realised on such Security (differential taxation method). 
Certificates predominantly replicating interest bearing underlying, except actively managed 
certificates without a fixed maturity date (see below "Fund-like Instruments"), are classified as 
and taxed in accordance with the principles of Bonds. 
(c)
Pure Derivative Financial Instruments 
Periodic and one-time dividend equalisation payments realised on a Security that is classified 
as a pure derivative financial instrument and which is held as part of a holder's private assets 
constitute taxable investment income. Any other return on such a Security will be classified as 
a tax-exempt capital gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss (see below "Capital Gains, 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder"). 
Pure Derivative Financial Instruments, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding Derivative 
Financial Instruments with an Interest Component (see below "Derivative Financial 
Instruments with an Interest Component"), include (i) call and put options, including options 
where the underlying is pre-financed by at least 50 per cent. at the time of issuance (Low 
Exercise Price Options) and with at maturity not exceeding one year, (ii) futures with a maturity 
not exceeding one year, (iii) futures with a maturity exceeding one year and a leverage of at 
least 4 at the time of issuance, and (iv) static certificates replicating an index or a basket of at

--- Page 887 ---
Taxation 
874 
least five non-interest bearing underlying and with a fixed maturity date or an annual redemption 
right. 
(d)
Derivative Financial Instruments with an Interest Component 
Securities which are classified as Derivative Financial Instruments with an Interest Component 
and which are held as part of a holder’s private assets bear a taxable interest component 
corresponding to the swap rate of the currency of the Securities. The interest component is taxed 
at redemption, or, if the Securities have no fixed maturity date, generally at 31 December of 
each calendar year. Any other return on such a Security will be classified as a tax-exempt capital 
gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss (see below "Capital Gains, Securities held as Private 
Assets by a Swiss resident holder"). 
Pure Derivative Financial Instruments with an Interest Component include (i) Low Exercise 
Price Options with a maturity exceeding one year, (ii) futures on non-interest bearing underlying 
with a maturity exceeding one year and a leverage of below 4 at the time of issuance, (iii) futures 
on interest bearing underlying with a maturity not exceeding one year and a leverage of below 
4 at the time of issuance, (iv) futures on interest bearing underlying with a maturity exceeding 
one year, and (v) static certificates replicating a basket of less than five non-interest bearing 
underlying and with a fixed maturity date or an annual redemption right. 
(e)
Fund-like Instruments 
A Security, classified as a fund-like instrument, will be considered a pass-through instrument 
for Swiss tax purposes if dividend and interest income (less attributable costs) from, and capital 
gains and losses (less costs attributable) realised on, the underlying investments, are reported 
and distributed separately. Under such conditions, an individual holding a fund-like Security, as 
part of private assets only receives taxable income (which he or she must report annually) over 
such portion of the distributions (in case the fund is distributing the income realised on the 
underlying investments) or earnings credits (in case the fund is reinvesting the income realised 
on the underlying investments) as derived from dividends and interest (less attributable costs) 
on the underlying instruments. Any distributions or credits deriving from capital gains realised 
on the underlying investments constitute a tax-free private capital gain and any respective loss 
on the underlying investments is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss. Any gain realised 
within a taxation period on the sale of a fund-like Security (including accrued dividends and 
interest) is exempt from income taxation as a private capital gain, and, conversely, any loss 
realised within a taxation period on the sale of a fund-like Security a non-tax-deductible capital 
loss (see below "Capital Gains, Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident holder"). 
Fund-like Instruments include (i) certificates replicating one or a basket of collective investment 
schemes, (ii) actively managed certificates predominantly replicating non-interest bearing 
underlying, (iii) actively managed certificates predominantly replicating interest bearing 
underlying and without a fixed maturity date, (iv) static certificates predominantly replicating 
non-interest bearing, but including interest bearing underlying, and (v) static certificates 
replicating an index or a basket of at least five non-interest bearing underlying and without a 
fixed maturity date and an annual redemption right. 
Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Corporate entities and individuals who hold Securities as part of a trade or business in Switzerland, in 
the case of residents abroad carried on through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in 
Switzerland, are required to recognise any payments on, and any capital gains or losses realised on the 
sale or redemption of, such Securities (irrespective of their classification) in their income statement for 
the respective taxation period and will be taxed on any net taxable earnings for such period. 
The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who, for income tax purposes, are 
classified as "professional securities dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged 
investments in securities. 
Capital Gains Taxation 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder

--- Page 888 ---
Taxation 
875 
Any gain or any loss realised by an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes upon the sale or 
other disposal of a Security held as part of his or her private assets is a tax-free private capital gain, or a 
non-tax deductible capital loss, respectively, unless such individual is classified, for income tax purposes, 
as a "professional securities dealer" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged investments 
in securities. If an individual is classified as "professional securities dealer" he or she will be taxed in 
accordance with the principles set forth above under "Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business". In 
relation to the bifurcation of a tax-exempt capital gains component, or a non-tax deductible capital loss 
component from taxable income components of a Security, see the bifurcation principles set forth above 
with regard to the different instruments under "Income Taxation, Securities held as Private Assets by a 
Swiss resident Holder"). 
Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Capital gains realised on Securities held as part of a trade or business in Switzerland, are taxed in 
accordance with the taxation principles set forth above under "Income Taxation, Securities held as Assets 
of a Swiss Business"). 
Stamp Taxes 
Swiss Federal Issue Stamp Tax 
The Securities are not subject to Swiss federal issue stamp tax on the issuance of securities. 
Swiss Federal Securities Turnover Tax 
The issuance of Securities that are classified as Fund-like Instruments is subject to Swiss federal 
securities turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. on the consideration paid if a Swiss securities dealer (as 
defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no exemption 
applies. The issuance of Securities classified other than Fund-like Instruments are not subject to Swiss 
federal securities turnover tax. 
Dealings in Securities that are classified as (i) Pure Derivative Financial Instruments or (ii) Bonds or 
Structured Notes or Derivative Financial Instruments with an Interest Component and with a maturity 
not exceeding one year are not subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax.  
Dealings in Securities which are classified as (i) Fund-like Instruments or (ii) Bonds or Structured Notes 
or Derivative Financial Instruments with an Interest Component and with a maturity exceeding one year 
are subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. on the consideration paid if a 
Swiss securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the 
transaction and no exemption applies. 
The delivery of an underlying taxable security at exercise or redemption to the holder of the Security, is 
subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. if a Swiss domestic securities dealer 
(as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no 
exemption applies. 
Gift, Inheritance and Estate Taxes 
Subject to an applicable tax treaty in an international situation, transfers of Securities may be subject to 
cantonal and/or communal inheritance tax, estate tax or gift tax if the deceased person has had his or her 
last domicile in Switzerland, the donor is resident in Switzerland, respectively, or, in the case of a foreign 
deceased or resident person, the transfer involves an unincorporated business in Switzerland and 
Securities are held as part of such business. No such taxes exist at the federal level. Rates depend upon 
the existing relationship (i.e. the relationship between the deceased and the heirs, or between the donor 
and the donee) and the size of the inheritance or gift. Interspousal gifts and gifts to descendants, and 
inheritances collected by the surviving spouse and descendants are frequently exempt or taxed at low 
rates (up to 6 per cent.). Gifts and inheritances received from unrelated persons attract rates ranging from 
20 per cent. to 40 per cent. The taxable base is usually the market value of the property transferred. 
Net Worth and Capital Taxes

--- Page 889 ---
Taxation 
876 
A holder of Securities, who is an individual resident in Switzerland, for tax purposes, or is a non-Swiss 
resident holding Securities, as part of a Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent establishment, is 
required to report Securities as part of private wealth or as part of Swiss business assets, as the case may 
be, and is subject to annual cantonal and/or communal private wealth tax on any net taxable wealth 
(including the Securities), in the case of a non-Swiss resident individual holding Securities as part of a 
Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent establishment, to the extent the aggregate taxable wealth 
is allocable to Switzerland. Incorporated holders of Securities are subject to cantonal and communal 
capital tax on net taxable equity, in the case of non-Swiss resident entities holding Securities as part of a 
Swiss permanent establishment, to the extent the aggregate taxable equity is allocable to Switzerland. No 
net worth and capital taxes exist at the federal level in Switzerland. 
Non-Swiss resident Holders 
A holder of a Security who is not resident in Switzerland for tax purposes and who during the taxation 
year has not engaged in a trade or business carried on through a permanent establishment or fixed place 
of business in Switzerland will in respect of such Security not be subject to income tax in Switzerland. 
United Kingdom Taxation
The following is an overview of the United Kingdom withholding taxation treatment in relation to 
payments of principal and interest in respect of the Securities, certain other material UK tax 
considerations and of certain aspects of the United Kingdom stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax 
treatment of the Securities at the date hereof. The comments only apply to Holders that are the beneficial 
owners of Securities who acquire and hold Securities as an investment and do not apply to dealers in 
Securities or employees of the JPM group. The special rules applying to UK resident individuals who 
may benefit from the 4-year foreign income and gains regime are not detailed nor are the inheritance 
tax rules for those that are not long-term UK tax residents. The comments are based on current law and 
HM Revenue & Customs ("HMRC") practice (which are subject to change, possibly also with retroactive 
or retrospective effect) and are intended as a general guide and should be treated with appropriate 
caution. This overview is not intended to be exhaustive and nor should it be considered legal or tax 
advice to any person. This overview does not take into account the effect of any overriding anti-avoidance 
legislation that may apply to Holders in their particular circumstances or to any wider arrangements to 
which they may be a party. Each potential purchaser is advised to consult its own tax adviser as to the 
UK tax consequences attributable to acquiring, holding and disposing of Securities and as to other UK 
and non-UK applicable taxes, particularly where: (i) an individual holder is only temporarily non-UK 
resident; or (ii) a corporate holder will "bifurcate" a Security for accounting purposes; as the treatment 
of such holders is not covered below (save to the extent specifically detailed below). Individuals who 
have only been UK tax resident for a relatively short time may want to take further advice given the 
changes made by Finance Act 2025 and/or because the so called "situs" rules may mean that any CDIs 
are UK situs assets for certain UK tax purposes notwithstanding that the Securities represented by the 
CDIs are not issued by a UK incorporated Company. 
(a)
United Kingdom Withholding Tax 
(i)
Interest on Securities 
Interest will only be subject to UK withholding tax if it has a UK source, in which case 
it may fall to be paid under deduction of UK income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 
per cent.) subject to such relief as may be available under the provisions of any applicable 
double taxation treaty or to any other exemption which may apply. 
UK source interest may be paid without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
United Kingdom income tax if (i) the issuer is a "bank" for the purposes of section 991 
of the Income Tax Act 2007; and (ii) it pays that interest in the ordinary course of its 
business. 
In accordance with the practice of HMRC, such payments will generally be accepted as 
being made in the ordinary course of business unless the characteristics of the transaction 
giving rise to the interest are primarily attributable to an intention to avoid United 
Kingdom tax.

--- Page 890 ---
Taxation 
877 
UK source interest may also be paid without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of United Kingdom income tax if the issuer is authorised for the purposes of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 and its business consists wholly or mainly of dealing in 
financial instruments (as defined by section 984 of the Income Tax Act 2007) as principal 
and so long as such payments are made by the issuer in the ordinary course of its 
business. 
UK source interest may also be paid without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of United Kingdom income tax if: 
(A)
the relevant interest is paid on Securities with a maturity of less than one year 
from the date of issue and which are not issued under arrangements the effect of 
which is to render such Securities part of a borrowing with a total term that could 
be a year or more; or 
(B)
the Securities are and continue to be quoted Eurobonds. Securities which carry a 
right to interest will constitute "quoted Eurobonds" provided they are and 
continue to be either: 
(1)
"listed" on a recognised stock exchange (designated as such by HMRC) 
within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007; or 
(2)
admitted to trading on a "multilateral trading facility" operated by a -
"regulated recognised stock exchange" (in each case for the purposes of 
section 987 of the Income Tax Act 2007). 
Securities admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange outside the United 
Kingdom will be treated as "listed" on a recognised stock exchange if (and only if) they 
are admitted to trading on that exchange and included in the official UK list or are 
officially listed in a country outside the United Kingdom in which there is a recognised 
stock exchange in accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally 
applicable in the European Economic Area states. 
Whilst it is expected that either the interest will not have a "UK source" or one of the 
above exemptions will apply to each issue of Securities, that cannot be guaranteed and 
unless that is the case at all relevant times, interest payable on the Securities will suffer 
a withholding of 20 per cent. on account of UK income tax. 
The following further points should be noted: 
(A)
Any premium element of the redemption amount of any Securities redeemable at 
a premium may constitute a payment of interest subject to the withholding tax 
provisions discussed above. 
(B)
The references to "interest" above and below mean "interest" as understood in 
United Kingdom tax law. The statements above and below do not take any 
account of any different definitions of "interest" or "principal" which may prevail 
under any other law or which may be created by the terms and conditions of the 
Securities or any related documentation. 
(C)
Payments under Securities which do not amount to interest, rent or annual 
payments for the purposes of UK tax will normally not be subject to UK 
withholding tax. 
(b)
United Kingdom Income and Capital Gains tax: Individuals resident in the United Kingdom 
Any interest, discount or premium payable on any of the Securities may be subject to United 
Kingdom income tax by direct assessment even where paid without withholding. 
(i)
Accrued income scheme

--- Page 891 ---
Taxation 
878 
Holders that are UK resident individuals should also have regard to the provisions of the 
Accrued Income Scheme (the "Scheme") which may apply to individuals transferring 
Securities that bear interest or to individuals to whom such Securities are transferred. 
The charge to tax on income that may arise as a result of the Scheme will be in respect 
of an amount representing interest on the Securities which has accrued during the period 
that they are held. This amount will be taken into account in determining any chargeable 
gain or loss arising on a disposal of the Securities. 
However, where a Security constitutes a variable rate security for the purposes of the 
Scheme, the amount of accrued interest deemed to be received as income by a Holder 
upon transfer would be such amount as HMRC decides is just and reasonable and the 
transferee will not be entitled to any credit under the Scheme to set against any actual or 
deemed interest that is received or is deemed received. 
(ii)
Taxation of discount and premium 
Where Securities are issued at an issue price of less than 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount they may constitute "deeply discounted securities" depending on the level of the 
discount. It is not considered that Securities would be regarded as deeply discounted 
securities merely by reason of the fact that they are denominated in a currency other than 
sterling. Where Securities constitute "deeply discounted securities", a Holder of such 
Securities who is within the scope of United Kingdom income tax may be liable to United 
Kingdom income tax on any profit (the amount by which any sum payable on the transfer 
or redemption of the Security exceeds its acquisition price) made on the sale or other 
disposal (including redemption) of such Securities. 
Where Securities may be redeemed at a premium as opposed to being issued at a 
discount, then where such premium does not constitute a payment of interest such 
Securities may constitute "deeply discounted securities" (as mentioned above). 
Securities which are deeply discounted securities are qualifying corporate bonds and 
therefore not subject to tax on chargeable gains.  
(iii)
Capital gains tax 
Where Notes are debts denominated in sterling and not capable of conversion into or 
redemption in or by reference to any foreign currency they may be treated as qualifying 
corporate bonds so that no United Kingdom taxation on chargeable gains or allowable 
losses will arise on any sale, redemption or other disposal. This depends upon (amongst 
other conditions) the Notes comprising normal commercial loans at all times which may 
not be the case where the Notes contain a right to acquire other shares or securities, or a 
return which depends on the results of the Issuer's business or any part of it. 
Where Notes are denominated in a currency other than sterling or do not comprise debts 
which represent normal commercial loans, then provided they are not deeply discounted 
securities they will be chargeable assets for the purposes of United Kingdom capital gains 
tax with the result that any gain or loss arising may, depending on the Holder's personal 
circumstances, give rise to a charge to United Kingdom tax on capital gains or an 
allowable loss. 
Profits on disposal (including redemption) of certain Securities which constitute 
"excluded indexed securities" for UK tax purposes (and that are not otherwise within one 
of the income tax charging provisions) may be subject to UK capital gains tax rather than 
income tax but the considerations there are complex and potential holders should take 
their own UK tax advice. 
Certificates to which General Condition 9 applies will generally also be treated as set out 
in this section (b)(iii). 
(iv)
Taxation of Warrants

--- Page 892 ---
Taxation 
879 
The following paragraphs relate only to Warrants which satisfy all of the following 
conditions: 
(a)
there are no interim payments payable under the terms of the Warrants; 
(b)
there is no element of principal protection under the terms of the Warrants; 
(c)
the return on the Warrants is calculated with direct reference to fluctuations in the 
value of a Reference Asset or Reference Assets;  
(d)
the Warrants constitute either options or futures for UK tax purposes; and 
(e)
the Warrants are not designed to produce a return equivalent to money invested 
at interest. 
Where Warrants are held as investments, any gain arising may, depending on the 
Holder's personal circumstances, give rise to a charge to UK tax on capital gains or an 
allowable loss. Where Warrants fall within the definition of "financial option" for the 
purposes of UK capital gains tax the rules as to wasting assets which might restrict the 
amount of the acquisition costs of the Warrant for the purposes of calculating any 
chargeable gain or allowable loss will not apply. 
Certificates to which General Condition 10 (Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates) 
applies and which do not pay any coupon will generally also be treated as set out in this 
section (b)(iv) provided that they satisfy the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (a) to 
(e) in the first paragraph to this section (b)(iv). 
The taxation of those Warrants and Certificates which do not satisfy one or more of those 
conditions is complex and potential holders should take their own UK tax advice. 
(c)
Taxation of Holders within the Charge to UK Corporation Tax 
A Holder who is within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax, in particular a company 
which is resident for tax purposes in the United Kingdom or which is not so resident but carries 
on a trade in the United Kingdom through a United Kingdom permanent establishment to which 
the Securities are attributable or which holds the Securities in connection with certain types of 
UK real estate businesses, will generally be chargeable to corporation tax on all the returns on, 
and profits and gains (whether of an income or capital nature) arising from the holding or 
disposal of, the Securities broadly in accordance with their statutory accounting treatment 
provided that accounting treatment complies with IFRS or UK generally accepted accounting 
practice. This means in particular that any discount element (together with any interest) and any 
foreign exchange profits or loss may be taxed (or relieved) as it accrues over the term of the 
Security and not when it is paid or received. 
Where a Security is split for accounting purposes into a derivative contract and a host loan 
relationship, the host loan relationship will be taxed in the way described above. In respect of 
the derivative contract, there are two possibilities: 
(i)
Where the derivative contract is either: 
(A)
an option and the underlying subject matter is qualifying ordinary shares of a 
trading company, holding company or company listed on a recognised stock 
exchange or mandatory convertible preference shares; or  
(B)
a contract for differences and the underlying subject matter is qualifying ordinary 
shares listed on a recognised stock exchange and the contract exactly tracks the 
value of such underlying subject matter,  
then any excess of accounting credits over debits will generally be chargeable to 
corporation tax on chargeable gains consistently with the way those credits and debits 
are recognised for accounting purposes.

--- Page 893 ---
Taxation 
880 
(ii)
In other cases, the tax treatment of the derivative contract is likely to follow its 
accounting treatment. 
For the purposes of the above, "qualifying ordinary shares" means shares which represent some 
or all of the issued share capital of the company and which carry a right to share in the profits 
of the company by way of a dividend or otherwise (provided that the rights to share in profits 
are not restricted to a right to receive fixed rate dividends) and mandatory convertible preference 
shares means shares which are not qualifying ordinary shares and which are issued on such 
terms that stipulate that they must be converted into, or exchanged for, qualifying ordinary 
shares of a trading company, holding company or company listed on a recognised stock 
exchange by a specified time. 
Warrants and Certificates which are not treated as derivative contracts or as loans for tax 
purposes are likely to be taxed in accordance with the rules set out above in (b)(iv) above. 
(d)
United Kingdom Corporation, Income and Capital Gains Tax: Holders not resident in the 
United Kingdom 
Where interest, discount or premium amounts are received without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of United Kingdom tax, such amounts will not be chargeable in the hands of 
a Holder (other than certain trustees) who is not resident for tax purposes in the United Kingdom 
unless that Holder (i) carries on a trade, profession or vocation in the United Kingdom through 
a United Kingdom branch or agency or permanent establishment (in the case of a corporate 
Holder) in connection with which such amounts are received or to which the Securities are 
attributable or (ii) holds the Securities in connection with certain types of UK real estate 
businesses. 
Where interest on Securities has been paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax, 
Holders who are not resident in the United Kingdom may be able to recover all or part of the 
tax deducted if that is provided for in an applicable double tax treaty between the country of 
residence of the Holder and the UK.  
Holders not resident in the United Kingdom will not be within the charge to United Kingdom 
tax on chargeable gains in respect of any Securities save broadly where Securities are held in or 
used for the purposes of a trade carried on by the non-resident through a branch or agency or, 
in the case of a company, a permanent establishment, and subject also to certain rules that apply 
in relation to UK real estate businesses or in the case of individuals that are temporary non-
residents. 
(e)
United Kingdom Stamp Duty and Stamp Duty Reserve Tax ("SDRT") 
(i)
Issue 
No United Kingdom stamp duty or SDRT will be payable in respect of the issue of the 
Securities. 
(ii)
Transfer 
SDRT will not generally be payable in respect of any agreement to transfer Securities 
except where one of the following conditions are met: 
(A)
where the register of Securities is kept in the UK; or 
(B)
where the terms of the Securities grant the Holder the right (whether on physical 
settlement or otherwise) to acquire stock, shares or loan capital in certain 
companies with a UK connection unless such stock, shares or loan capital would 
qualify as "exempt loan capital". A company will have a UK connection for these 
purposes if (i) the company is incorporated in the UK; (ii) a register of the relevant 
stock, shares or loan capital is kept in the UK by or on behalf of the company; or 
(iii) the shares are "paired" with shares in a UK incorporated company within the 
meaning of section 99(6B) of the Finance Act 1986.

--- Page 894 ---
Taxation 
881 
Where one of those conditions is met, the agreement to transfer may be subject to SDRT 
at 0.5 per cent.  
There could be stamp duty at 0.5 per cent. in respect of any document transferring any 
Security that does not constitute "exempt loan capital" but, as a practical matter, it is 
unlikely that any such stamp duty would have to be paid. 
(iii)
Exercise 
SDRT may be payable in respect of an agreement to transfer an asset pursuant to a 
Security subject to physical settlement following the exercise of the Security. However, 
no such liability will arise on the physical settlement of shares or other securities which 
do not constitute "chargeable securities" under s 99 Finance Act 1986. There could be 
stamp duty at 0.5 per cent. in respect of any document arising on physical settlement 
which transfers any shares or securities that do not constitute "exempt loan capital" but, 
as a practical matter, it is unlikely that any such stamp duty would have to be paid save 
where the transferred shares or securities are registered in a UK register.  
(iv)
CDIs 
No United Kingdom stamp duty is payable on the issue of CDIs or on a transfer of CDIs 
within CREST where no written instrument of transfer or written agreement to transfer 
arises in relation to such transfer. 
No United Kingdom SDRT is payable on the issue of CDIs. 
Generally, no United Kingdom SDRT should be payable on a transfer of CDIs within 
CREST provided that they are under the terms of their issue, depository interests that can 
only be transferred in accordance with regulations under section 785 of the Companies 
Act 2006 (provision enabling procedures for evidencing and transferring title) or by 
means of a transfer within section 186(1) of the Finance Act 1996(5) (transfer of 
securities to member of electronic transfer system), and: 
(A)
the central management and control of the Issuer is not exercised in the UK; 
(B)
the CDIs represent Securities which are not registered in a register kept in the 
United Kingdom by or on behalf of the Issuer; 
(C)
the CDIs represent interests in Securities which are, or are of the same class as 
securities issued by the Issuer which are listed on a recognised stock exchange 
overseas within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007; and 
(D)
the CDIs fall within the definition of "securities" in regulation 3(1) of the 
Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. 
If any of these requirements are not met, United Kingdom stamp duty or SDRT may be 
payable on the transfer of CDIs. 
(f)
Inheritance Tax 
If a Holder of Securities who is an individual disposes of Securities by way of gift, in form or 
in substance, or dies, then no United Kingdom inheritance tax will be due unless: 
(i)
the donor is or the deceased was a long-term UK resident for the purposes of United 
Kingdom inheritance tax; or 
(ii)
the donor or the deceased was not a long-term UK resident for the purposes of United 
Kingdom inheritance tax but the Securities are UK-situs assets. 
A Security issued in bearer form will be a UK-situs asset if the document of title is located in 
the United Kingdom at the material time.

--- Page 895 ---
Taxation 
882 
The situs of a registered Security (other than Securities cleared through computerised clearing 
systems and CDIs) will be determined by the place of registration. Provided that the relevant 
register in which the Securities are registered is kept outside the United Kingdom, the registered 
Securities will not be UK-situs assets. 
The situs of securities dealt with through computerised clearing systems, for example Euroclear, 
and CDIs is determined by the terms of issue of the particular security. Holders are advised to 
consult their own tax advisor as to the United Kingdom inheritance tax consequences of 
acquiring, holding or disposing of a particular Security or CDI. 
(g)
Assets which can be considered non-UK situs for UK tax purposes: UK tax-resident non-
domiciled individuals 
(i)
General 
This section (g) only applies to Securities where the following three conditions are met: 
(i) the Issuer is not UK tax resident; (ii) the Issuer is not issuing the Securities for or on 
behalf of a UK branch; and (iii) the Securities are not being cleared through CREST or 
another UK based clearing system (including CDIs held in CREST). 
This section explains which of such Securities can be considered non-UK situs for the 
purposes of UK income tax, capital gains tax ("CGT") and inheritance tax ("IHT") 
(together, the "Relevant Taxes") and may be particularly relevant to those UK resident 
individuals who are entitled to the so-called "4 year foreign income and gains regime" or 
who are not long-term UK residents for IHT purposes. There is a different test for the 
situs of the Security for the purposes of each of the Relevant Taxes. 
This section is limited to certain considerations relevant to the situs of certain Securities 
only and does not address the complex concepts and rules relevant to determining 
whether: (i) an individual's residence status would allow claims to be made under the 4 
year foreign income and gains regime for suitable non-UK situs assets or (ii) whether the 
individual is or is not a "long-term UK resident" for IHT purposes. Investors should seek 
specific advice from their tax advisor on these matters based on the investor's particular 
circumstances and with regard to the particular terms and conditions of the relevant 
Securities.  
Generally, where the conditions below are satisfied the relevant Securities should be 
considered non-UK situs assets in respect of the Relevant Taxes. However, it may not be 
necessary to satisfy all the conditions below in all cases (depending on the particular 
terms and conditions of the relevant Securities). 
There are two main classes of Securities (satisfying the above three conditions) which 
should be considered non-UK situs for the purposes of all Relevant Taxes. Those are: 
(A)
those Registered Notes which constitute "debentures" (as set out in further detail 
below); and 
(B)
those Warrants and Certificates governed other than under English Law 
(together, the "Relevant W&C Securities") which satisfy the further detailed 
conditions set out below. 
(ii)
Registered Notes - Conditions required to be considered non-UK situs assets 
Registered Notes should be considered non-UK situs assets for the purposes of all 
Relevant Taxes provided that they constitute "debentures" for the purposes of English 
law. There is no particular definition of "debenture" in the tax legislation, and therefore 
it should take its normal case law meaning. From the case law, it appears that whether 
an instrument will be regarded as a "debenture" depends on whether the instrument 
includes sufficient of the main features one would associate with a debenture, including 
that the instrument acknowledges indebtedness. Accordingly, there must be some 
positive obligation (or debt) repayable at maturity, albeit the amount repayable may be 
less than the invested amount, may be determinable at a subsequent date and repayment

--- Page 896 ---
Taxation 
883 
thereof may be subject to a further condition. Therefore, whether or not a particular 
Registered Note can be considered a "debenture" and thus non-UK situs for the purposes 
of all Relevant Taxes will depend on whether its particular terms and conditions are 
consistent with that of a "debenture" as described above. 
(iii)
Relevant W&C Securities - Conditions required to be considered non-UK situs assets 
The UK tax treatment of Relevant W&C Securities depends on how they are categorised 
for UK tax purposes, and the position is not straightforward in all cases. For a Relevant 
W&C Security to be considered non-UK situs for all of the Relevant Taxes it must be 
both a Registered Security, and: 
(A)
(i) must not be subject to the laws of England or any other part of the UK; and (ii) 
if the Relevant W&C Security is considered to be a "future" or "option" for the 
purposes of UK CGT and may be physically settled, then the Reference Asset to 
be delivered must not be subject to the laws of England or any other part of the 
UK or be issued by a UK incorporated entity; or 
(B)
if the Relevant W&C Security is considered to be a "debt" for the purposes of UK 
CGT, it must constitute a "debenture" (as described above). 
(iv)
Bearer Securities that constitute "debt" as a matter of English law – Conditions 
required to be considered non-UK situs assets 
Assuming the Securities are issued by a non-UK tax resident Issuer (and not issued for 
or on behalf of a UK branch of that Issuer) then the situs of Bearer Securities that are 
debt as a matter of English law may be different for the purpose of each of the Relevant 
Taxes. Investors should consult their tax advisor on these matters.

--- Page 897 ---
Important Legal Information 
884 
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION 
1.
Base Prospectus 
This document (this "Base Prospectus") constitutes four base prospectuses for the purposes of Article 8 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"): (i) a base prospectus 
relating to issues of non-equity securities by JPMCFC under the Programme (the "JPMCFC Base 
Prospectus") (ii) a base prospectus relating to issues of non-equity securities by JPMSP under the 
Programme (the "JPMSP Base Prospectus"), (iii) a base prospectus relating to issues of non-equity 
securities by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. under the Programme (the "JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Base Prospectus") and (iv) a base prospectus relating to issues of non-equity securities by JPMorgan 
Chase & Co. under the Programme (the "JPMorgan Chase & Co. Base Prospectus"), in each case 
including non-equity securities with a denomination per unit of less than EUR 100,000.  
2.
Supplements 
This Base Prospectus is valid for one year from the date of approval of the Base Prospectus and 
will expire on 17 April 2026. The Base Prospectus may be supplemented from time to time under 
the terms of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Each supplement will be available for viewing on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. In such case, in relation to the 
making of an offer of the Securities to the public requiring the prior publication of a prospectus 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation (a "Non-exempt Offer"), investors who have already agreed 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities before the supplement is published shall have the right 
to withdraw their acceptances by informing the relevant Distributor in writing within three 
working days (or such other longer period as may mandatorily apply in the relevant country) after 
the publication of the supplement, provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy giving rise to the publication of the supplement arose or was noted before the 
final closing of the Non-exempt Offer or the delivery of the Securities, whichever occurs first. 
3.
Responsibility Statements 
General statements:  
(a)
JPMCFC Base Prospectus: JPMCFC accepts responsibility for the following information: (i) the 
information set out in the JPMCFC Registration Document which is incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus; and (ii) the information set out in Commonly Asked Question 2(a) (Who 
is JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC?) (the "JPMCFC Information"). JPMorgan Chase 
& Co. accepts responsibility for the information given in the JPMCFC Base Prospectus and 
confirms that the information contained in the JPMCFC Base Prospectus is, to the best of its 
knowledge, in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. confirms that the JPMCFC Information has been accurately reproduced, 
and as far as JPMorgan Chase & Co. has been able to ascertain from JPMCFC, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the JPMCFC Information inaccurate or misleading. 
(b)
JPMSP Base Prospectus: JPMSP accepts responsibility for the following information: (i) the 
information set out in the JPMSP Registration Document which is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus; and (ii) the information set out in Commonly Asked Question 2(b) (Who is 
J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V.?) (the "JPMSP Information"). JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. accepts responsibility for the information given in the JPMSP Base Prospectus and confirms 
that the information contained in the JPMSP Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. confirms that the JPMSP Information has been accurately reproduced, and as far as 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. has been able to ascertain from JPMSP, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the JPMSP Information inaccurate or misleading. 
(c)
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Base Prospectus: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. accepts 
responsibility for the information given in the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Base Prospectus and 
confirms that the information contained in the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Base Prospectus is, 
to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect its import.

--- Page 898 ---
Important Legal Information 
885 
(d)
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Base Prospectus: JPMorgan Chase & Co. accepts responsibility for the 
information given in the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Base Prospectus and confirms that the 
information contained in the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Base Prospectus is, to the best of its 
knowledge, in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
Third party information: None of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any of its consolidated subsidiaries (each 
a "J.P. Morgan affiliate") accepts responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information set 
forth in the relevant Issue Terms concerning any Reference Assets or makes any representation that there 
has not occurred any event which would affect the accuracy or completeness of such information, 
provided that each of the Responsible Persons confirms that, where such information has been sourced 
from a third party, as far as the Responsible Person is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
sourced from that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. Further, the relevant Issue Terms may include tables showing the high and low 
levels or prices (as applicable) of the Reference Assets (if any) for the periods indicated. While such 
tables provide some historical data regarding the risks of investing directly or indirectly in the Reference 
Assets, past results are not a reliable indicator of future performance. Actual results will be different and 
such differences may be material. Investors in the relevant Securities are advised to consult their own 
legal, tax, accountancy and other professional advisers to assist them in determining the suitability of 
Securities for them as an investment. Each investor in the Securities should be fully aware of and 
understand the complexity and risks inherent in Securities before it makes its investment decision in 
accordance with its investment objectives. 
Meaning of "Responsible Persons": For the purposes of the above, "Responsible Persons" means: (i) 
in relation to Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMCFC and JPMorgan Chase & Co. as Guarantor, (ii) in 
relation to Securities issued by JPMSP, JPMSP and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Guarantor, (iii) in 
relation to Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and (iv) in 
relation to Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co., JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
JPMCFC Base Prospectus: The JPMCFC Base Prospectus is comprised of this Base Prospectus other 
than the following sections: 
(a)
the information in Commonly Asked Question 2(b) (Who is J.P. Morgan Structured Products 
B.V.?) and Commonly Asked Question 2(c) (Who is JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.?) of the 
section entitled "Commonly Asked Questions"; 
(b)
the JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Registration Document 
which have each been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus; and 
(c)
the section entitled "Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee and Form of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee". 
JPMSP Base Prospectus: The JPMSP Base Prospectus is comprised of this Base Prospectus other than 
the following sections: 
(a)
the information in Commonly Asked Question 2(a) (Who is JPMorgan Chase Financial Company 
LLC?) and Commonly Asked Question 2(d) (Who is JPMorgan Chase & Co.?) of the section 
entitled "Commonly Asked Questions"; 
(b)
the JPMCFC Registration Document and the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Registration Document 
which have each been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus; and  
(c)
the section entitled "Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee and Form of 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee". 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Base Prospectus: The JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Base Prospectus is 
comprised of this Base Prospectus other than the following sections: 
(a)
the information in Commonly Asked Question 2(a) (Who is JPMorgan Chase Financial Company 
LLC?) and Commonly Asked Question 2(d) (Who is JPMorgan Chase & Co.?) of the section 
entitled "Commonly Asked Questions";

--- Page 899 ---
Important Legal Information 
886 
(b)
the JPMCFC Registration Document and the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Registration Document 
which have each been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus; and  
(c)
the section entitled "Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee and Form of 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee". 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Base Prospectus: The JPMorgan Chase & Co. Base Prospectus is comprised 
of this Base Prospectus other than the following sections: 
(a)
the information in Commonly Asked Question 2(b) (Who is J.P. Morgan Structured Products 
B.V.?) and Commonly Asked Question 2(c) (Who is JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.?) in the section 
entitled "Commonly Asked Questions"; 
(b)
the JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Registration Document 
which have each been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus; and 
(c)
the section entitled "Limitations of the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee and Form of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee". 
4.
Consent to use this Base Prospectus 
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any particular issuance of Securities, the Issuer consents 
to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer (i) by the financial 
intermediary/ies (each, an "Authorised Offeror"), (ii) during the offer period and (iii) subject to the 
relevant conditions, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The consent shall be valid in relation to the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and each other Member State 
the competent authority of which has been provided with a Certificate of Approval by the Competent 
Authority in relation to this Base Prospectus under Article 25(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
including Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, 
Ireland, Italy, Liechtenstein, The Netherlands, Portugal, Spain and Sweden, provided that it shall be a 
condition of such consent that the Base Prospectus may only be used by the relevant Authorised 
Offeror(s) to make offerings of the relevant Securities in the jurisdiction(s) in which the Non-exempt 
Offer is to take place, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer may (i) give consent to one or more additional Authorised Offerors after the date of the 
relevant Final Terms, (ii) discontinue or change the offer period, and/or (iii) remove or add conditions 
and, if it does so, such information in relation to the relevant Securities will be published by way of 
notice which will be available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.luxse.com). The 
consent relates only to offer periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
"Investor") purchasing Securities pursuant to a Non-exempt Offer where the offer to the Investor is made 
(i) by an Authorised Offeror (or the Issuer, the Guarantor or Dealer named herein), (ii) in a Member State 
for which the Issuer has given its consent, (iii) during the offer period for which the consent is given and 
(iv) in compliance with the other conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as set forth in the 
relevant Final Terms. However, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealer has any responsibility 
for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with 
applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other Securities law 
requirements in relation to such offer. 
Other than in accordance with the terms set forth in the paragraph above, the Issuer has not authorised 
(and nor has any of the Guarantor or Dealer) the making of any Non-exempt Offers of the Securities or 
the use of this Base Prospectus by any person. No financial intermediary or any other person is permitted 
to use this Base Prospectus in connection with any offer of the Securities in any other circumstances. 
Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer (or the Guarantor or Dealer) and none of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Dealer has any responsibility or liability to any Investor purchasing Securities 
pursuant to such offer or for the actions of any person making such offer. 
If an Investor intends to purchase Securities from an Authorised Offeror, it will do so, and such 
offer and sale will be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between 
such Authorised Offeror and the Investor, including as to price allocations and settlement

--- Page 900 ---
Important Legal Information 
887 
arrangements. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will be a party to any such arrangements and, 
accordingly, this Base Prospectus does not contain such information. The terms and conditions of 
such offer should be provided to the Investor by that Authorised Offeror at the time such offer is 
made. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealer has any responsibility or liability for such 
information. 
5.
Content of websites does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
No content of any website, cited or referred to in this Base Prospectus, shall be deemed to form part of, 
or be incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus. The information on any such website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
6.
Approval of the Base Prospectus
(a)
Luxembourg (CSSF and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF"), which is the competent authority for the purpose of the EU Prospectus Regulation, for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Securities (excluding Exempt Securities) by 
JPMCFC, JPMSP, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. under the Programme 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The CSSF has only approved this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Pursuant to article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019 
on prospectuses for securities ("Luxembourg Prospectus Law"), by approving this Base Prospectus, 
the CSSF gives no undertaking as to, and assumes no responsibility for, the economic and financial 
characteristics of the Securities to be issued hereunder or the quality and solvency of any Issuer. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers, the Guarantors or the quality of the 
Securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Securities.  
The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed the Form of Pricing Supplement and the information 
contained therein, including any information relating the issuance of Exempt Securities or to the section 
entitled "Form of Pricing Supplement". 
This Base Prospectus has also been approved by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the purpose of 
giving information with regard to the issue of Exempt Securities only by JPMCFC, JPMSP, JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. under the Programme during the period of 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
(b)
The Netherlands (AFM) 
Pursuant to Article 20(8) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten
(the "AFM"), which is the competent authority for the purpose of the EU Prospectus Regulation, has 
transferred to the CSSF (which has accepted such transfer) its authority for the approval of this Base 
Prospectus in relation to the issue of Securities (excluding Exempt Securities) by JPMSP under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
7.
Listing and admission to trading 
Applications have also been made for Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMSP, JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. within the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus 
to be admitted to the Official List and traded on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. will not be admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market unless they have a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). No Warrants or Certificates issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. will be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
Further to the review and approval of the Base Prospectus by the CSSF, application may also be made 
for the Securities to be admitted to listing and/or trading on regulated markets (as from time to time 
determined for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU,

--- Page 901 ---
Important Legal Information 
888 
as amended, "MiFID II")) (each, a "Regulated Market") in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area or on any other listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system further to Article 
20(8) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. The relevant Issue Terms in respect of the issue of any Securities 
will specify whether or not an application for admission to the Official List and trading on the Regulated 
Market of the above listed Exchanges or (in respect of the relevant Issue Terms) by or on any other listing 
authority, stock exchange or quotation system will be made. Securities issued under the Programme may 
also be unlisted. 
In respect of Exempt Securities only, this Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. Applications have been made for Exempt Securities issued by JPMCFC, JPMSP, JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. within the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF. 
8.
Passporting 
In accordance with Article 25(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF has been requested to 
provide the following competent authorities with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus of each of JPMCFC, JPMSP, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. has 
been drawn up in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation: 

Finanzmarktaufsicht (FMA) (Austria); 

Commission bancaire, financière et des assurances (CBFA) (Belgium); 

Česká národní banka (ČNB) (Czech Republic); 

Finanstilsynet (Danish FSA) (Denmark); 

Finanssivalvonta (Fiva) (Finland); 

Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) (France); 

Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) (Germany); 

Hellenic Capital Market Commission (CMC) (Greece); 

Magyar Nemzeti Bank (MNB) (Hungary); 

Central Bank of Ireland (CBI) (Ireland);  

Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) (Italy); 

Financial Market Authority Liechtenstein (FMA) (Liechtenstein); 

Autoriteit Financiële Markten (AFM) (The Netherlands);  

Portuguese Securities Market Commission (CMVM) (Portugal); 

Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores (CNMV) (Spain); and 

Finansinspektionen (FI) (Sweden). 
9.
Credit ratings 
The credit ratings of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. referred to in this Base 
Prospectus have been issued by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill 
Companies, Inc. ("S&P"), Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's") and Fitch, Inc. ("Fitch"), none 
of which is established in the European Union or registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011 (the "CRA Regulation").

--- Page 902 ---
Important Legal Information 
889 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not either (1) issued or validly endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered with the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") under the CRA 
Regulation or (2) issued by a credit rating agency established outside the European Union which is 
certified under the CRA Regulation.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the EU affiliates of (i) Fitch (being Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited), 
(ii) Moody's (being each of Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Ltd., Moody's France S.A.S., Moody's 
Deutschland GmBH, Moody's Italia S.r.l. and Moody's Investors Service España S.A.) and (iii) S&P 
(being S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited) are registered under the CRA Regulation. The ESMA has 
approved the endorsement by such EU affiliates of credit ratings issued by Fitch, Moody's and S&P. 
Accordingly, credit ratings issued by Fitch, Moody's and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in 
the EU. 
Credit ratings may be adjusted over time, and there is no assurance that these credit ratings will be 
effective after the date of this Base Prospectus. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold any Securities. 
A credit rating may be assigned to a specific Series of Securities to be issued under the Programme, and 
any such rating may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied 
for in relation to the relevant series of Securities will be issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
Issue Terms. The list of credit rating agencies registered under the CRA Regulation (as updated from 
time to time) is published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(www.esma.europa.eu). 
As of 17 April 2025, the long term debt of JPMorgan Chase and Co. is rated:
(a)
A by S&P. An issuer rated 'A' has a strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in 
circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories;  
(b)
AA- by Fitch. An 'AA' rating denotes expectations of a very low default risk and a very strong 
capacity for payment of financial commitments which is not significantly vulnerable to 
foreseeable events. The addition of the '-' indicates a lower position within the overall credit 
rating; and 
(c)
A1 by Moody's. Obligations rated 'A' are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to 
low credit risk. Note: Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating 
classification from 'Aa' through to 'Caa'. The modifier 1 indicates a ranking in the higher end of 
the generic rating category.  
As of 17 April 2025, the long term debt of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is rated:
(a)
AA- by S&P. An issuer rated 'AA' has a very strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. 
The additional '-' may denote a lower position within the overall 'AA' rating category; 
(b)
AA by Fitch. An 'AA' rating denotes expectations of a very low default risk and a very strong 
capacity for payment of financial commitments which is not significantly vulnerable to 
foreseeable events; and 
(c)
Aa2 by Moody's. Obligations rated 'Aa' are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very 
low credit risk. Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating 
classification from 'Aa' through to 'Caa'. The modifier 2 indicates a ranking in the middle of the 
generic rating category.  
No rating has been assigned to JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC or J.P. Morgan Structured 
Products B.V. Further information regarding JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s 
credit ratings can be obtained from their website (www.jpmorganchase.com/corporate/investor-
relations/fixed-income.htm).  
10.
Yield for fixed rate Securities

--- Page 903 ---
Important Legal Information 
890 
The yield for Fixed Rate Notes which is specified in the relevant Issue Terms is calculated as at the Issue 
Price on the Issue Date. It is not an indication of future yield, which will depend on the price at which 
the Securities were acquired. 
11.
Public Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Securities which are offered to the public will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue Price specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the relevant 
Dealer at the time of the offer of the Securities to the public and will depend, amongst other things, on 
prevailing market conditions at that time. The offer price of such Securities will be the Issue Price or 
such other price as may be agreed between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror making the offer of 
the Securities to such Investor. Neither the Issuer nor Guarantor (if applicable) will be party to 
arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the 
relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which such Authorised Offeror is offering the 
Securities to such Investor. 
12.
Fungible issuances 
In the case of any issue of Securities under the Programme which is to be consolidated and form a single 
Series with an existing Series of Securities the first tranche of which was issued on or after 23 April 2020 
and prior to the date of this Base Prospectus or for the purpose of any other Series of Securities in respect 
of which the applicable Final Terms provide that terms and conditions of the securities from the 2020 
Base Prospectus, the 2021 Base Prospectus, the 2022 Base Prospectus, the 2023 Base Prospectus, the 
April 2024 Base Prospectus or the December 2024 Base Prospectus (as applicable) apply, such Securities 
will be documented using the 2020 Form of Final Terms, the 2021 Form of Final Terms, the 2022 Form 
of Final Terms, the 2023 Form of Final Terms, the April 2024 Form of Final Terms or the December 
2024 Form of Final Terms as applicable (which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus), 
save that the first paragraph under the section entitled "PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS" of the 
Form of Final Terms shall be deleted and replaced with the following: 
"Terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the General Conditions[, the Payout Conditions] 
and the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [23 April 
2020]/[22 April 2021]/[21 April 2022]/[20 April 2023]/[18 April 2024]/[5 December 2024] as 
supplemented on [20 November 2020 and 11 March 2021]/[27 July 2021, 18 November 2021 and 9 
December 2021]/[18 May 2022 and 14 July 2022]/[26 May 2023, 13 July 2023, 17 August 2023, 21 
September 2023, 16 November 2023 and 25 January 2024]/[16 May 2024, 4 June 2024, 25 July 2024, 
14 August 2024 and 24 October 2024]/[27 February 2025]/[10 April 2025] (the "Original Base 
Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"), 
and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 17 April 2025 (the "Base Prospectus") 
[and the supplement[s] dated [insert the date(s) for supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] to the Base 
Prospectus] which [together] constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the General Conditions[, the Payout Conditions] and the applicable 
Reference Asset Linked Conditions which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and which 
are incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. [A Summary of the Securities is annexed to these 
Final Terms.] Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus (as supplemented), save in respect of the 
General Conditions, the Payout Conditions and the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions which 
are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and which are incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus. The Base Prospectus, the Original Base Prospectus and any supplements to the Base 
Prospectus are available from [The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V., Luxembourg Branch, at 
Vertigo Building, Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, Luxembourg] [BNP Paribas S.A. Germany 
Branch, Senckenberganlage 19, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, Germany] [and in electronic form on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com)]. [These Final Terms together with any notice 
to the Final Terms may be viewed on the website of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (www.borsaitaliana.com) 
(upon admission to trading).]" 
13.
Categories of potential investors

--- Page 904 ---
Important Legal Information 
891 
Subject to the restrictions and conditions set out in this Base Prospectus, the categories of potential 
investors to which the Securities are intended to be offered are retail, "high net worth" and institutional 
investors.  
14.
ISDA Definitions 
Where any amount payable or deliverable under the Securities is calculated by reference to an ISDA 
Rate, the Dealer (or the relevant Distributor) will provide a description of such rate and how it affects 
the amount payable or deliverable under the Securities and related documents, on request by an investor. 
15.
Securities with offer periods continuing beyond the validity of the December 2024 Base 
Prospectus 
The Offer Period (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) of the December 2024 Base Prospectus 
Securities (as defined below) extends beyond the validity of the December 2024 Base Prospectus (as 
defined in "Documents Incorporated by Reference" above). Following the approval of this Base 
Prospectus the offering of the December 2024 Base Prospectus Securities will continue under this Base 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions of the securities from the December 2024 Base Prospectus (and 
which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus) will continue to apply to the December 
2024 Base Prospectus Securities. 
For the purposes hereof, "December 2024 Base Prospectus Securities" means the Securities outlined 
as follows:
ISIN 
Title 
of 
Securities 
Offer 
Period 
Start Date 
Offer 
Period 
End Date 
Issue Date 
Relevant Website 
FR001400UFY6 
21 January 2025 
16 May 2025 
21 January 2025 
(Tranche One Issue 
Date) 
25 February 2025 
(Tranche 
Two 
Issue Date) 
https://sp.jpmorgan.com/sp
web/index.html
FR001400UFW0 
21 January 2025 
16 May 2025 
21 January 2025 
(Tranche One Issue 
Date) 
25 February 2025 
(Tranche 
Two 
Issue Date) 
https://sp.jpmorgan.com/sp
web/index.html
FR001400YAG6 
27 March 2025 
23 June 2025 
30 June 2025 
https://sp.jpmorgan.com/sp
web/index.html
XS2969448823 
12 May 2025 
27 June 2025 
7 April 2025 
https://sp.jpmorgan.com/sp
web/index.html
FR001400YS38 
17 April 2025 
23 June 2025 
30 June 2025  
https://sp.jpmorgan.com/sp
web/index.html
XS3015422671 
21 March 2025 
17 April 2025 
5 May 2025  
https://sp.jpmorgan.com/sp
web/index.html
XS3015426151 
21 March 2025 
17 April 2025 
5 May 2025  
https://sp.jpmorgan.com/sp
web/index.html
FR001400WPQ7 
30 January 2025 
23 April 2025 
15 May 2025 
https://sp.jpmorgan.com/sp
web/index.html
FR001400WVW3 
5 February 2025 
25 April 2025 
25 April 2025 
https://sp.jpmorgan.com/sp
web/index.html

--- Page 905 ---
Important Legal Information 
892 
FR001400WWJ8 
25 March 2025 
10 May 2025 
25 March 2025 
https://sp.jpmorgan.com/sp
web/index.html
XS2755640013 
19 February 2025 
21 July 2025 
21 July 2025 
https://sp.jpmorgan.com/sp
web/index.html
XS2755638116 
2 April 2025 
30 May 2025 
30 May 2025 
https://sp.jpmorgan.com/sp
web/index.html
XS2755637498 
4 April 2025 
30 June 2025 
30 June 2025 
https://sp.jpmorgan.com/sp
web/index.html
XS2969434104 
27 March 2025 
17 June 2025 
27 March 2025 
https://sp.jpmorgan.com/sp
web/index.html
XS2887116585 
26 March 2025 
21 April 2025 
24 April 2025 
https://sp.jpmorgan.com/sp
web/index.html
The Final Terms of each of the December 2024 Base Prospectus Securities are published on the J.P. 
Morgan Retail Derivative Products web portal (https://sp.jpmorgan.com/spweb/index.html). 
16.
Money market instruments with less than 12 months of maturity 
None of JPMorgan Chase & Co., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. or 
JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC will issue money market instruments (within the meaning of 
Article 17(1) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law) having a maturity at the issue of less than 12 months 
which will be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market under this Base 
Prospectus. 
17.
Non-equity securities and physical delivery of equity securities 
The Securities are not "equity securities" for the purposes of Article 2(b) of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and Article 2(1)(v) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Base Prospectus, where any Security is to be settled by way of 
Physical Settlement entailing the delivery of Shares as Reference Assets, such Shares shall not be equity 
securities either issued by the Issuer or an entity belonging to the group of the Issuer. 
18.
Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. must have a minimum denomination of at least EUR 1,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies). 
19.
Securities issued by JPMCFC 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Base Prospectus, JPMCFC will not issue Securities in the form of 
Warrants and Securities issued by JPMCFC will not be subject to physical delivery. 
20.
Documents to read before purchasing Securities 
If you purchase the Securities described in the Issue Terms after the date of the applicable Issue Terms, 
you should review the most recent version (if any) of the Base Prospectus and each supplement thereafter 
up to (and including) the date of purchase to ensure that you have the most up to date information on the 
relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the relevant Guarantor on which to base your investment decision (note 
that the terms and conditions of the Securities will remain as described in the applicable Issue Terms and 
the version of the Base Prospectus described in the Issue Terms, subject to any amendments notified to 
Holders). Each supplement and replacement version (if any) to the Base Prospectus can be found on 
(www.luxse.com) and (https://sp.jpmorgan.com/spweb/index.html).

--- Page 906 ---
General Information 
893 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1.
Authorisations 
JPMCFC 
Issuances of Securities by JPMCFC were authorised by a meeting of the Board of Managers of 
JPMCFC dated 4 February 2016 which has appointed a borrowings committee of the Board of 
Managers of JPMCFC to authorise issuances of Securities at the time of such issuances. 
Accession to the Programme by JPMCFC was authorised by a resolution of the borrowings 
committee of the Board of Directors of JPMCFC dated 13 April 2023 and the update of the 
Programme was authorised by a resolution of the borrowings committee of the Board of 
Directors dated 14 April 2025. 
JPMSP 
Accession to the Programme by JPMSP was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors 
of JPMSP dated 16 May 2007 and the update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution 
of the Board of Directors dated 14 April 2025. Issuances of Securities by JPMSP were 
authorised by a meeting of the Board of Directors of JPMSP dated 23 April 2008 which has 
appointed an authorisation committee of the Board of Directors of JPMSP to authorise issuances 
of Securities at the time of such issuances. 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
The giving of the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guarantee has been authorised pursuant to 
resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The issuance of 
Securities by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. under the Programme was authorised pursuant to 
resolutions of the Borrowings Committee of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. dated 14 April 2025. 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
The giving of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guarantee has been authorised pursuant to resolutions 
adopted by the Board of Directors of JPMorgan Chase & Co. The issuance of Securities by 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. under the Programme was authorised pursuant to resolutions of the 
Borrowings Committee of JPMorgan Chase & Co. dated 14 April 2025. 
2.
Clearing and Settlement 
Each Issue Terms in relation to each Series of Securities will specify whether the Securities 
have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (and, if 
applicable, for settlement in CREST via the CREST Depository Interest (CDI) mechanism), 
Euroclear Sweden, the VPS, the VP, Euroclear Finland, Euroclear France, Clearstream 
Frankfurt, SIX SIS or any other Relevant Clearing System, as the case may be. The Common 
Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and/or identification number 
for any other Relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, for each Series of Securities will 
be set out in the relevant Issue Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is: 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II B-1210 Brussels, Belgium 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is: 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg 
The address of Clearstream Frankfurt is: Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany 
The address of Euroclear Sweden is: Klarabergsviadukten 63, Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
The address of the VPS is: Tollbugata 2, N-0152 Oslo, P.O. Box 1174 Sentrum, N-0107 Oslo, 
Norway 
The address of the VP is: Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8, DK-1402, Copenhagen K, Denmark 
The address of Euroclear Finland is: P.O. Box 1110, FI-00101 Helsinki, Finland

--- Page 907 ---
General Information 
894 
The address of Euroclear France is: 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris 
The address of SIX SIS is: Baslerstrasse 100, CH-4600 Olten, Switzerland 
The address of CREST is : 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB, United Kingdom 
3.
Publication on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
With respect to any issue of Securities admitted to the Official List and traded on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, this Base Prospectus, each supplement hereto, any 
document incorporated by reference herein and the relevant Final Terms will be published on 
and available electronically from the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com) 
free of charge during the life of this Base Prospectus. For so long as any Securities are listed on 
any other stock exchange or listing authority, such documents shall be published in accordance 
with the rules of such stock exchange or listing authority. 
4.
Documents on Display 
The following documents, or copies thereof, will be available, during normal business hours on 
any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the office of the 
Principal Programme Agent and at the office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, or at the 
office of each Relevant Programme Agent, as the case may be: 
(a)
a copy of this Base Prospectus, including any documents incorporated in this Base 
Prospectus or any supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(b)
any Issue Terms relating to Securities which are admitted to listing or trading on or by 
any listing authority or stock exchange; 
(c)
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Bearer Global Notes, the 
Registered Global Notes, the Registered Definitive Notes, the Global Certificates and 
the Global Warrants), as amended from time to time; 
(d)
the Deed of Covenant as amended from time to time; and 
(e)
the Guarantees as amended from time to time. 
5.
Limitations on admission to trading on a regulated market of certain securities of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
No Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. will be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area unless they have a minimum 
denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). Warrants and 
Certificates issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. will not be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area. 
6.
Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
Any Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. will not have a maturity of less than one year 
from the date of their issue. 
7.
De-listing 
The Issuer has no duty to maintain the listing (if any) of the Securities on the relevant stock 
exchange(s) over their entire lifetime. Securities may be suspended from trading and/or de-listed 
at any time in accordance with applicable rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange(s).

--- Page 908 ---
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
895 
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference herein, 
are forward-looking statements. These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate 
strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements often use words such as "anticipate", 
"target", "expect", "estimate", "intend", "plan", "goal", "believe" or other words of similar meaning. 
Forward-looking statements provide JPMorgan Chase's ("JPMorgan Chase" being JPMorgan Chase & 
Co. (the parent company of the group) together with its consolidated subsidiaries) current expectations 
or forecasts of future events, circumstances, results or aspirations. JPMorgan Chase's disclosures in this 
Base Prospectus contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. JPMorgan Chase also may make forward-looking statements in its other 
documents filed or furnished with the SEC. In addition, JPMorgan Chase's senior management may make 
forward-looking statements orally to investors, analysts, representatives of the media and others. 
All forward-looking statements are, by their nature, subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are 
beyond JPMorgan Chase's control. JPMorgan Chase's actual future results may differ materially from 
those set forth in its forward-looking statements. While there is no assurance that any list of risks and 
uncertainties or risk factors is complete, below are certain factors which could cause actual results to 
differ from those in the forward-looking statements:  

local, regional and global business, economic and political conditions and geopolitical events, 
including geopolitical tensions and hostilities; 

changes in laws, rules and regulatory requirements, including capital and liquidity requirements 
affecting the JPMorgan Chase businesses, and the ability of JPMorgan Chase to address those 
requirements; 

heightened regulatory and governmental oversight and scrutiny of JPMorgan Chase's business 
practices, including dealings with retail customers; 

changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws; 

changes in the level of inflation; 

changes in income tax laws, rules, and regulations; 

changes in FDIC assessments; 

securities and capital markets behaviour, including changes in market liquidity and volatility; 

changes in investor sentiment or consumer spending or savings behaviour; 

ability of JPMorgan Chase to manage effectively its capital and liquidity; 

changes in credit ratings assigned to JPMorgan Chase & Co. or its subsidiaries; 

damage to JPMorgan Chase's reputation; 

ability of JPMorgan Chase to appropriately address social, environmental and sustainability 
concerns that may arise, including from its business activities; 

ability of JPMorgan Chase to deal effectively with an economic slowdown or other economic 
or market disruption, including, but not limited to, in the interest rate environment; 

technology changes instituted by JPMorgan Chase, its counterparties or competitors; 

the effectiveness of JPMorgan Chase's control agenda; 

ability of JPMorgan Chase to develop or discontinue products and services, and the extent to 
which products or services previously sold by JPMorgan Chase require JPMorgan Chase to 
incur liabilities or absorb losses not contemplated at their initiation or origination;

--- Page 909 ---
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
896 

acceptance of JPMorgan Chase's new and existing products and services by the marketplace and 
the ability of JPMorgan Chase to innovate and to increase market share; 

ability of JPMorgan Chase to attract and retain qualified employees; 

ability of JPMorgan Chase to control expenses; 

competitive pressures; 

changes in the credit quality of JPMorgan Chase's clients, customers and counterparties; 

adequacy of JPMorgan Chase's risk management framework, disclosure controls and procedures 
and internal control over financial reporting; 

adverse judicial or regulatory proceedings; 

ability of JPMorgan Chase to determine accurate values of certain assets and liabilities; 

occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or calamities, including health emergencies, the 
spread of infectious diseases, epidemics or pandemics, an outbreak or escalation of hostilities 
or other geopolitical instabilities, the effects of climate change or extraordinary events beyond 
JPMorgan Chase's control, and JPMorgan Chase's ability to deal effectively with disruptions 
caused by the foregoing; 

ability of JPMorgan Chase to maintain the security of its financial, accounting, technology, data 
processing and other operational systems and facilities; 

ability of JPMorgan Chase to withstand disruptions that may be caused by any failure of its 
operational systems or those of third parties; 

ability of JPMorgan Chase to effectively defend itself against cyber attacks and other attempts 
by unauthorised parties to access information of JPMorgan Chase or its customers or to disrupt 
JPMorgan Chase's systems; and 

the other risks and uncertainties detailed in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in JPMorgan Chase's 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 31 December 2024.  
Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of JPMorgan Chase & Co. speak only as of the 
date they are made and JPMorgan Chase & Co. does not undertake to update forward-looking statements 
to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statements 
were made. As a result, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
Investors should, however, consult any further disclosures of a forward-looking nature which JPMorgan 
Chase & Co. may make in any subsequent Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 
10-Q, or Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC.

--- Page 910 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
897 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
Page 
Page 
$ 
x 
£ 
x, 284 
€ 
x, 264 
€STR 
20, 176, 199, 334 
€STRi 
176, 199, 334 
€STRi-pTSD 
176, 200, 334 
10-year Limitation Date 
484 
18 April 2024 Guarantee 
763, 769 
2.5-year Limitation Date 
484 
2006 Definitions 
273 
2014 Definitions 
115, 514 
2020 Base Prospectus 
84 
2020 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 6 
84 
2020 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 9 
84 
2020 Form of Final Terms 
87 
2021 Base Prospectus 
84 
2021 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 2 
84 
2021 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 6 
84 
2021 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 7 
84 
2021 Definitions 
273 
2021 Form of Final Terms 
87 
2022 Base Prospectus 
84 
2022 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 1 
85 
2022 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 2 
85 
2022 Form of Final Terms 
88 
2023 Base Prospectus 
85 
2023 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 2 
85 
2023 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 3 
85 
2023 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 5 
85 
2023 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 6 
85 
2023 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 8 
85 
2023 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 9 
85 
2023 Form of Final Terms 
88 
25 per cent. Limit 
799 
30/360 
260 
30E/360 
260 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
261 
360/360 
260 
Accelerated or Matured 
509 
Acceleration Date 
223, 224, 253, 561 
Acceptable Exchange 
401 
Accumulated Loss 
459 
Actual/360 
260 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
260 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
260 
Additional Amounts 
228, 253 
Additional Disruption Event414, 428, 443, 537, 
554 
Additional Disruption Events 
399, 537 
Additional Financial Centre(s) 
254 
Additional Instalment 
459 
Additional Instalment Date 
459 
Additional Interest Amount 
454, 457 
Additional Interest Payment Date 
460 
Additional Screen Page 
437 
Adjusted Arithmetic Mean 
253 
Adjusted Asset Initial Valuation Date 
323 
Adjusted Asset Valuation Date 
323 
Adjusted Scheduled Pricing Date 
428 
Adjusted Share Valuation Date 
323 
Adjustment Amount 
523 
Adjustment Calculation Date 
460 
Adjustment Date 
253 
Administrator/Benchmark Event253, 414, 428, 
443 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Effective Date
253 
Administrators 
526 
ADRs 
41 
Affected Amount 
216 
Affected Currency 
286 
Affected Exchange Traded Fund 
398 
Affected Fund 
68, 532, 537 
Affected FX Rate 
441 
Affected Reference Entity 
460, 520 
Affiliate 
253, 471, 764, 770 
Affiliate of the Company 
796 
AFM 
887 
AFWAR 
323 
AFWP 
323 
Agency Agreement 
151, 253, 761, 766 
Agents 
253 
Aggregate Final Weighted Asset Return 
323 
Aggregate Final Weighted Performance 
323 
Aggregate Preceding Coupon Amounts 
323 
All Exchanges 
405, 419 
Allocation (i) 
323 
Alternative Recommended Rate 178, 202, 551 
American Style 
254 
AMF 
778 
Amortisation Yield 
185, 254 
Amortised Face Amount 
185, 254 
an offer of Securities to the public 
777 
Andorra 
776 
Annex Date 
460 
Announcement Date 
395, 397, 399 
Annual Rate 
323 
AP(CVD) 
323 
APCA 
323 
Applicable Auction 
460 
Applicable Auction Final Price 
460 
Applicable 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Auction 
Settlement Terms 
460 
Applicable Event Determination Date 
460 
applicable law 
226 
Applicable Rate 
270 
Applicable Request 
460 
Applicable Resolution 
460 
April 2024 Base Prospectus 
85 
April 2024 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 1
85

--- Page 911 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
898 
April 2024 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 2
85 
April 2024 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 3
85 
April 2024 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 4
85 
April 2024 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 6
85 
April 2024 Form of Final Terms 
89 
Arranger 
viii 
Asset 
471 
Asset Market Value 
471 
Asset Package 
471 
Asset Package Credit Event 
471 
Asset Package Valuation 
471 
Asset Performance 
324 
Asset Return 
324 
Assignable Loan 
509 
Auction 
122, 472, 520 
Auction Cancellation Date 
472 
Auction Covered Transaction 
472 
Auction Covered Transactions 
526 
Auction Currency Fixing Date 
526 
Auction Currency Rate 
522 
Auction Date 
526 
Auction Final Price 
56, 472 
Auction Final Price Determination Date 
472, 
526 
Auction Methodology 
520 
Auction Settlement 
56, 478 
Auction Settlement Date 
526 
AUM Threshold 
540 
AUM Threshold Percentage 
540 
Authorised Offeror 
886 
Authorised Offeror(s) 
738 
Automatic Exercise 
254 
Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice 
211, 254 
Averaging Date 
324, 400, 414, 443, 537 
Averaging Observation Period 
324 
Averaging Observation Period End Date 
324 
Averaging Observation Period Start Date 324 
Bank 
254 
Banking Act 
780 
Bankruptcy 
116, 472 
Barrier Event 
324 
Barrier Event 1 
325 
Barrier Event 2 
326 
Barrier Event Strike 
327 
Barrier Event Strike 1 
327 
Barrier Event Strike 2 
327 
Barrier Observation Period 
327 
Barrier Observation Period 1 
327 
Barrier Observation Period 2 
327 
Barrier Observation Period End Date 
327 
Barrier Observation Period End Date 1 
327 
Barrier Observation Period End Date 2 
328 
Barrier Observation Period Start Date 
328 
Barrier Observation Period Start Date 1 
328 
Barrier Observation Period Start Date 2 
328 
Barrier Performance Event 
328 
Barrier Performance Observation Period 
329 
Barrier Performance Observation Period End 
Date 
329 
Barrier Performance Observation Period Start 
Date 
329 
Barrier Performance Strike 
329 
Barrier Reference Date 
329 
Barrier Reference Date 1 
329 
Barrier Reference Date 2 
329 
Base Amount 
329 
Base Currency 
329, 443 
Base Currency/Reference Currency Rate 
445 
Base Prospectus 
ii, 577, 745, 884, 890 
Basket of Reference Assets 
329 
Bearer Global Security 
3, 254 
Bearer Notes 
254 
Bearer Securities 
254 
Belgian Securities 
254 
Benchmark 
254 
Benchmarks Regulations 
19 
Beneficiaries 
761, 766 
Beneficiary 
761, 766 
Benefit Plan Investors 
799 
Bermudan Style 
254 
Best Final Value 
330 
Best Initial Value 
330 
Best Reference Asset 
330 
BGB 
233 
Bid 
497 
Bloomberg Screen 
428 
Bond 
490 
Bond Basis 
260 
Bond or Loan 
490 
Bonus 
330 
Book-Entry Register 
159 
Book-Entry Registrar 
159 
Borrowed Money 
490 
Broken Amount 
254 
Buffer Percentage 
330 
Bullion 
428 
Bullion Business Day 
428 
Bullion Business Day Convention 
428 
Bullion Reference Dealers 
429 
Business Day 
254, 526, 571 
Business Day Convention 
255, 330 
CA 
330 
Calculation Agent 
255 
Calculation Agent City 
472 
Calculation Agent City Business Day 
472 
Calculation Agent Determination 
429, 443 
Calculation Amount 
255, 330 
Calculation Period 
259 
Call Option Exercise Date 
255 
Cap 
330 
Cap Amount 
526 
Capital Ratio 
513 
CapUp 
330 
Cash Index 
538 
Cash Index Substitution Date 
538 
Cash Redemption Proceeds 
536, 538

--- Page 912 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
899 
Cash Settlement 
255, 508 
CCAF 
780 
CDDC 
119 
CDI 
3, 154, 736, 752 
CDIs 
ix, 772, 789 
Central Bank 
779 
Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount 
255 
Certificates 
151, 255 
CF 
330 
CFDM 
330 
CFTC 
ii, 52, 429 
CGT 
882 
Change in Law 
400, 415, 429, 443, 538 
Change in Law (Hedge) 
554 
CIT 
863 
Clearance System 
400 
Clearance System Business Day 
400 
clearing system business day 
209, 215 
Clearing System Business Day 
255 
Clearstream Frankfurt 
3, 255 
Clearstream, 
255 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
3 
Closed Periods 
255 
Closing Commodity Index Level 
330, 429 
Closing Fund Price 
330, 538 
Closing Index Level 
330, 415 
Closing Share Price 
330, 400 
CNY 
38 
CoCo Provision 
513 
Code74, 255, 777, 788, 791, 792, 793, 794, 797 
Collective Investment Fund Tax 
847 
Commodities 
429 
Commodity 
330, 429 
Commodity - Reference Dealers 
431 
Commodity Business Day 
429 
Commodity Business Day Convention 
430 
Commodity Exchange Act 
ii 
Commodity Hedging Disruption 
430 
Commodity High Price 
431 
Commodity Index 
330, 431 
Commodity Index Adjustment Event 
431 
Commodity Index Level 
330, 431 
Commodity Index Sponsor 
431 
Commodity Index Sponsor Business Centre
431 
Commodity Index Strike Level 
431 
Commodity Indices 
431 
Commodity Linked Provisions 
2, 151, 255 
Commodity Linked Securities 
1, 255 
Commodity Low Price 
431 
Commodity Price 
330, 431 
Commodity Reference Price 
330, 432 
Commodity Strike Price 
432 
Common Safekeeper 
3, 152 
Company 
795 
Component 
415 
Component Clearance System 
415 
Component Clearance System Business Day
415 
Compounded Daily €STR 
175, 198 
Compounded Daily €STR 
332 
Compounded Daily €STR Recommended 
Fallback Rate 
255 
Compounded Daily SOFR 
170, 193 
Compounded Daily SOFR Recommended 
Fallback Rate 
256 
Compounded Daily SONIA 
167, 190, 340 
Compounded Daily SONIA Recommended 
Fallback Rate 
256 
Compounded Daily TONA 
174, 197 
Compounded Daily TONA Recommended 
Fallback Rate 
257 
Compounded Index 
257 
Compounded RFR 
258 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
472 
Conditions 
151, 258 
Conforming Reference Obligation 
473 
Consent Required Loan 
509 
Constitutional Documents 
544 
Contingent Floating Rate 
330 
Contingent 
Floating 
Rate 
(€STR 
Determination) 
332 
Contingent Floating Rate (ISDA Rate) 
334 
Contingent Floating Rate (Screen Rate) 
335 
Contingent Floating Rate (SOFR (Index 
Determination)) 
337 
Contingent Floating Rate (SOFR (Non-Index 
Determination)) 
338 
Contingent Floating Rate (SONIA (Index 
Determination)) 
340 
Contingent Floating Rate (SONIA (Non-Index 
Determination)) 
340 
Contingent 
Floating 
Rate 
(TONA 
Determination) 
342 
Contingent 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
Determination Date 
331 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period 331 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End 
Date 
331 
Contingent Floating Rate Disruption 
336 
Controlling Person 
799 
Convening Notice 
557 
Converted Currency 
344 
Corrected Rate 
182, 205, 554 
Coupon Amount 
182, 187, 258 
Coupon Average Closing Value 
344 
Coupon Average Fund Price 
344 
Coupon Average FX Rate 
344 
Coupon Average Index Level 
344 
Coupon Average Relevant Performance 
344 
Coupon Average Share Price 
344 
Coupon Barrier Event 
344 
Coupon Barrier Level 
347 
Coupon Commencement Date 
258 
Coupon Event 
347 
Coupon Factor 
349 
Coupon Factor Denominator 
349 
Coupon Factor Denominator Multiplier 
349 
Coupon Factor Numerator 
349 
Coupon Factor Performance 
349

--- Page 913 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
900 
Coupon Level 
349 
Coupon Leverage 
349 
Coupon Lock-in Event 
349 
Coupon Lock-in Level 
350 
Coupon Observation Date 
350 
Coupon Observation Period 
350 
Coupon Observation Period End Date 
350 
Coupon Observation Period Start Date 
351 
Coupon Participation 
351 
Coupon Payment Date 
351 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
258 
Coupon Payment Table 
259 
Coupon Period 
259 
Coupon Period (Drop Back) 
351 
Coupon Period End Date 
259 
Coupon Rate 
351 
Coupon Reference Asset(s) 
351 
Coupon Strike 
351 
Coupon Valuation Date259, 351, 401, 415, 
432, 443, 538, 555 
Coupon Value 
259 
CRA Regulation 
888 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms
473 
Credit Derivatives Definitions 
59, 473 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee
473 
Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix
473 
Credit Derivatives Transaction 
483 
Credit Event 
114, 474 
Credit Event Backstop Date 
475 
Credit Event Notice 
475 
Credit Event Resolution 
515 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date 
475 
Credit Index 
259, 460 
Credit Index Linked CLN 
120 
Credit Index Tranched CLN 
448 
Credit Index Untranched CLN 
448 
Credit Indices 
259 
Credit Linked Provisions 
2, 151, 259 
Credit Linked Securities 
1, 259 
Credit Observation Date 
119 
Credit Observation End Date 
475 
Credit Observation Period 
475 
Credit Observation Start Date 
475 
Credit Position 
125, 460, 475 
CREST 
ix, 5, 154, 736, 752 
CREST CDI Securities 
3, 154, 259 
CREST Deed Poll 
773 
CREST Depository 
772 
CREST Depository Interests 
772 
CREST Manual 
773 
CREST Rules 
773 
CRR 
510 
CSSF 
776, 887 
Cumulated Interest (t - 1) 
352 
Cumulated Interest (t) 
352 
Cumulative Events 
571 
Currency Pair 
445 
Currency Rate Source 
526 
Currency Substitution Event 
227 
Currency-Reference Dealers 
443 
Custodian 
556 
Cut-off Date 
461 
d168, 170, 171, 175, 191, 193, 194, 199, 333, 
338, 340, 341 
d0 168, 171, 176, 191, 194, 199, 333, 338, 341 
D1 
260, 261 
D2 
260, 261 
Daily Coupon DCF 
352 
Daily Coupon Period 
352 
Daily Coupon Period End Date 
352 
Daily Coupon Period Start Date 
352 
Daily Coupon Rate 
352 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level 
352 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Date 259, 
353 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Event
259, 353 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation Period 
259, 354 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation Period End Date 
355 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation Period Start Date 
355 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Reference Asset(s) 
355 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation 
Date 
259, 355 
Daily Observation Final Redemption DCF 355 
Daily 
Observation 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation Period 
355 
Daily 
Observation 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation Period End Date 
355 
Daily 
Observation 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation Period Start Date 
356 
Daily Observation Final Redemption Valuation 
Date 
356 
Daily Observation Number of Business Days
356 
Danish Notes 
4, 153, 259 
Danish Programme Agent 
259 
Danish Record Date 
259 
Danish Registrar 
259 
Day Count Fraction 
259, 356 
db 
174, 197, 343 
DB Total Number of Days 
356 
dc 
173, 196, 337 
DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date 476 
DC Credit Event Announcement 
476 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement 476 
DC Credit Event Question 
476 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal 
476 
DC No Credit Event Announcement 
476 
DC Party 
476 
DC Resolution 
476 
DC Rules 
476 
DC Secretary 
476, 514

--- Page 914 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
901 
Dealer 
261, 476 
December 2024 Base Prospectus Securities 891 
December 2024 Base Prospectus Supplement 
No. 2 
86 
December 2024 Base Prospectus Supplement 
No. 3 
86 
December 2024 Form of Final Terms 
90 
Decree 201 
852 
Decree 239 
846 
Decree 351 
847 
Decree No. 461 
846 
Deed of Covenant 
151, 261 
Deed Poll 
248, 261 
Default Business Day 
216 
Default Fallback Valuation Date402, 416, 444, 
539 
Default FX Business Day 
444 
Default Requirement 
476 
Default Right 
764, 770 
Defaulted Credit 
476 
Deferral Notice 
461 
Deferral Notice Delivery Period 
461 
Deferral Period 
573 
Deferral Period for Unscheduled Holiday 573 
Deferred Coupon Amount 
294 
Deferred Memory Coupon Amount 
294 
Delayed Publication or Announcement 
432 
Delisting 
401 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions 
477 
Deliverable Obligation Terms 
477 
Deliverable Obligations 
122 
Deliverable Reference Asset 
356 
Delivery Agent 
261 
Delivery Date 
219, 261, 432, 436, 437 
Delivery Expenses 
262 
Departing Country 
227 
Deposit Agreement 
401 
Depository 
401 
Derivatives Issuers 
46 
Designated Maturity 
453, 454, 457 
Determinable Amount 
275 
Determination Date 
461 
Direct Loan Participation 
509 
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price
433 
Disbursing Agent 
840 
Discontinued Reference Rate 
177, 200, 551 
disqualified persons 
797 
Disrupted Day 
401, 415, 538 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price 
262 
Disruption Event 
538 
Disruption Fallback 
433, 443 
DKK 
830 
Dodd-Frank Act 
52 
Domestic Currency 
477 
Domestic Law 
477 
Double Barrier Event 
356 
Double Barrier Event 1 
356 
Double Barrier Event 2 
357 
Downside Cap 
357 
Downside Floor 
357 
Downside Gearing 
357 
Downstream Affiliate 
477 
DR Amendment 
401 
Due and Payable Amount 
477 
DwnPFI 
357 
Early Closure 
401, 415 
Early Payment Amount 
223, 224, 262, 561 
Early Payment Amount 1 
262 
Early Payment Amount 2 
263 
Early Payment Amount 3 
263 
Early Payment Amount 3 plus Unpaid Implied 
Yield 
263 
Early Redemption Amount 
263, 358 
Early Redemption Barrier 
358 
Early Redemption Date 
263, 358 
Early Redemption Event 
263, 358 
Early Redemption Event 1 
358 
Early Redemption Event 2 
358 
Early Redemption Event 3 
359 
Early Redemption Reference Asset(s) 
359 
Early Redemption Strike 
359 
Early Redemption Valuation Date263, 
359, 
555 
Early Redemption Value 
359 
EC Treaty 
263 
ECI Holder 
76, 162, 787 
EDFR 
256 
EEA 
574, 728, 743 
Effective Date 
263, 336, 461, 763, 769 
Electronic Consent 
243 
Eligible Information 
477 
Eligible Projects 
756 
Eligible Transferee 
477 
EMIR 
53 
Enhanced Coupon Event 1 
359 
Enhanced Coupon Event 2 
360 
Enhanced Coupon Level 1 
362 
Enhanced Coupon Level 2 
362 
Enhanced Coupon Rate 
362 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1 
362 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2 
362 
Equity Certification 
263, 795 
Equity Performance 
362 
ER Average Closing Value 
362 
ER Average Fund Price 
363 
ER Average FX Rate 
363 
ER Average Index Level 
363 
ER Average Share Price 
363 
ERISA 
163, 788, 791, 792, 793, 794, 797 
ESMA 
ix, 19, 889 
ESMA Register 
ix 
Established Rate 
264 
ETF - Successor Index Event Provision 
399 
ETFs 
41 
EU 
831 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
ix 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
19 
EU Green Bond Regulation 
36 
EU PRIIPs KID Regulation 
778

--- Page 915 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
902 
EU PRIIPs Regulation 
vi, 574, 728, 743 
EU Prospectus Regulation264, 577, 746, 884, 
890 
EU ProspectusRegulation 
777 
EU Short Selling Regulation 
33 
EU Taxonomy 
36 
EUR 
x, 264 
EURIBOR 
264 
euro 
x, 264 
Eurobond Basis 
260 
Euroclear 
3, 264 
Euroclear Finland 
4, 264 
Euroclear Finland register day 
186, 215, 264 
Euroclear Finland Rules 
264 
Euroclear France 
4, 264 
Euroclear France Account Holder 
264 
Euroclear Sweden 
4, 264 
European Style 
264 
EuroTLX 
274 
Euro-zone 
264 
EUWA 
vi, 574, 729, 743, 783 
Event Determination Date 
478 
Event of Default 
221, 264 
Exchange 
401, 416, 433 
Exchange Bonds or Loans 
505 
Exchange Business Day 
401, 416 
Exchange Control Event 
227 
Exchange Date 
264 
Exchange Disruption 
402, 416 
Exchange Notice 
234 
Exchange Traded Fund 
402 
Exclude Accrued Interest 
479 
Excluded Obligation 
479 
Excluded Valuation Obligation 
479 
Exempt Securities 
ii, 150 
Exercise Amount 
125, 264, 467 
Exercise Cut-off Date 
479 
Exercise Date 
264 
Exercise Notice 
265 
Exercise Period 
265 
Expenses 
265 
Expiration Date 
265 
Extended Relevant Payment Date 
535, 539 
Extension Date 
126, 480 
Extraordinary Event 
402 
Extraordinary Event Date 
402 
Extraordinary Events 
402 
Extraordinary Hedge Bail-in Event 
132, 226 
Extraordinary Hedge Currency Disruption 
Event 
132, 227 
Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event131, 225 
Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions Event 131, 226 
Extraordinary Resolution 
265 
Failure to Pay 
480 
Fallback €STR 
256 
Fallback Pricing Date 
433 
Fallback Reference Dealers 
433 
Fallback Reference Price 
433, 444, 571 
Fallback Reference Price Postponement and 
Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement 
Rate 
571 
Fallback Settlement Method 
480 
Fallback SOFR 
256 
Fallback SONIA 
257 
Fallback TONA 
257 
Fallback TONA Fixing Day 
257 
Fallback Valuation Date 
402, 416, 444, 539 
FATCA 
75, 266 
FBV 
363 
FCA 
19 
FDIC 
v, 164, 266 
FFI 
814 
Final Asset Performance 
364 
Final Asset Performance (FAP)(Final/Initial)
364 
Final Average Fund Price 
364 
Final Average FX Rate 
364 
Final Average Index Level 
364 
Final Average Share Price 
364 
Final Averaging Date 
364 
Final Best Performance Reference Asset 
364 
Final Cash Allocation 
364 
Final Closing Commodity Index Level 
365 
Final Closing Fund Price 
365 
Final Closing Index Level 
365 
Final Closing Share Price 
365 
Final Commodity Index Level 
365 
Final Commodity Price 
365 
Final Commodity Reference Price 
365 
Final FX Rate 
365 
Final Index Level 
365 
Final Interest Payment Date 
461 
Final List 
480 
Final Price 
480 
Final Pricing Date 
365, 433 
Final Redemption Amount 
266 
Final Redemption Multiplier 
365 
Final Redemption Value 
365 
Final Relevant Performance 
365 
Final Relevant Performance (Basket) 
365 
Final Relevant Performance (Best) 
366 
Final Relevant Performance (Worst of) 
366 
Final Relevant Performance (Worst) 
366 
Final Relevant Performance 1 
365 
Final Relevant Performance 2 
365 
Final Share Price 
366 
Final Terms 
150, 266 
Final Value 
366 
Final Weighted Asset Return 
366 
Final Weighted Performance 
366 
Final Weighted Performance (Final/Initial) 367 
Final Worst Performance Reference Asset 367 
Final Worst Performance Share 
367 
Financial Services Act 
780 
FINMA 
viii 
Finnish Certificates 
266 
Finnish Notes 
266 
Finnish Programme Agent 
266

--- Page 916 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
903 
Finnish Record Date 
186, 215, 266 
Finnish Register 
158, 266 
Finnish Registrar 
153, 266 
Finnish Securities 
4, 153, 266 
Finnish Warrants 
266 
FinSA 
729 
FIRPTA 
812 
First Notice Day of the Notice Period for 
Delivery 
433 
First Obligation 
490 
Fitch 
888 
Fixed Amount 
367 
Fixed Cap 
481 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
266 
Fixed Rate Coupon 
266 
Fixed Rate Coupon Certificates 
267 
Fixed Rate Notes 
267 
Fixing Rate 
445 
Floating Rate 
453, 454, 457 
Floating Rate Coupon 
267 
Floating Rate Coupon Certificates 
267 
Floating Rate Coupon Commencement Date
267 
Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date 267 
Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date 
268 
Floating Rate Coupon Period 
268 
Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date 
268 
Floating Rate Disruption 
166, 189 
Floating Rate Notes 
269 
Floating Rate Option 
453, 454, 457 
Floor 
367 
Floor1 
367 
Floor2 
367 
FloorDown 
367 
Following 
428, 430, 437, 444 
Form of Auction Settlement Terms 
520 
FRBNY 
23 
French Bearer Securities 
152, 269 
French Certificates 
269 
French Financial Transaction Tax 
838 
French Notes 
269 
French Programme Agent 
269 
French Registered Securities 
153, 269 
French Registration Agent 
153, 269 
French Securities 
4, 153, 269 
French Transfer Tax 
838 
French Warrants 
269 
FRP 
367 
FRP1 
367 
FRP2 
367 
FSC 
781 
FSMA 
vi, 574, 729, 743, 783 
Full Quotation 
481 
Fully Transferable Obligation 
481 
Fund 
269, 367, 539, 847 
Fund Determination Date 
539 
Fund Event 
539 
Fund Extraordinary Event 
539 
Fund Linked Provisions 
2, 151, 269 
Fund Linked Securities 
1, 269 
Fund Merger Date 
542 
Fund Merger Event 
543 
Fund Offering Documents 
543 
Fund Redemption Date 
536, 543 
Fund Redemption Proceeds Date 
536, 543 
Fund Service Provider 
544 
Fund Share 
367 
Fund Shareholder 
544 
Fund Shares 
63, 543 
Fund Substitution Date 
544 
Fund Termination 
544 
fund underlying benchmark 
44 
Funds 
269 
Further Subordinated Obligation 
481 
Futures Contract 
434 
Futures Contract – Delivery Date Roll 
432, 
436, 437 
Futures Contract – Expiry Date Roll432, 436, 
437 
Futures Trading Day 
434 
FWWB Coupon Performance Barrier 
367 
FWWB Coupon Performance Event 
367 
FWWB Coupon Rate 
367 
FX Business Day 
444 
FX Business Day Convention 
367, 444 
FX Disrupted Day 
444 
FX Disruption Event 
444 
FX Financial Centres 
444 
FX Initial Valuation Date 
367 
FX Linked Provisions 
2, 151, 269 
FX Linked Securities 
1, 269 
FX Price Source 
368, 445 
FX Rate 
368, 445 
FX Rate (Qualifying Actual Transaction) 368, 
445 
FX Rate Sponsor 
368, 445 
FX Rate Table 
368 
FX Valuation Date 
368, 446 
FX Valuation Time 
368, 446 
FXR 
368 
GDRs 
41 
General Conditions 
2, 150, 269 
General Meeting 
241, 269 
general Offshore CNY exchange market in 
Hong Kong 
573 
German Programme Agent 
269 
German Securities 
269 
Global Bearer Note 
269 
Global Certificates 
269 
Global Notes 
269 
Global Securities 
3, 157 
Global Security 
157, 269 
Global Warrants 
270 
Governmental Authority 
481, 571 
Governmental Intervention 
481 
Grace Period 
116, 482 
Grace Period Business Day 
482 
Grace Period Extension Date 
126, 482 
Grandfathered Obligations 
815 
Green Securities 
756

--- Page 917 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
904 
Guarantee 
ii, x, 151, 270, 483, 761, 766 
Guarantees 
ii, 151 
Guarantor 
1, 151, 270, 761 
Guarantors 
1, 151 
Harris Trust 
798 
Hedging Disruption402, 416, 434, 446, 544, 
554 
Hedging Entity 
270, 544 
High Barrier 
368 
Highest Value (Coupon) 
368 
HMRC 
876 
Holder 
157, 158, 159, 270 
Holders' Meeting 
556 
Hong Kong 
39 
Hungarian Paying Agent 
844 
Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction 483 
Hypothetical Investor 
544 
Hypothetical Untriggered Credit Derivative 
Transaction 
483 
i168, 171, 174, 176, 191, 194, 197, 199, 333, 
338, 341, 343, 369 
IBA 
21 
IBORs 
20 
IFTT 
853 
IFTT Decree 
853 
IGA 
815 
IGT 
867 
IHT 
882 
IITCC 
850 
Implied Yield 
270 
Inconvertibility Event 
446 
Indemnified Person 
790 
Index 
369, 417 
Index Adjustment Event 
417 
Index Annex 
461 
Index Cancellation 
417 
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
270 
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective 
Date 
270 
Index Disruption 
417 
Index Level 
369, 417 
Index Linked Provisions 
2, 151, 270 
Index Linked Securities 
1, 271 
Index Modification 
417 
Index Publisher 
462 
Index Settlement Disruption Event 
417 
Index Sponsor 
417, 462 
Index Strike Level 
369, 417 
Index Substitution Date 
398 
Indices 
417 
Initial Average Index Level 
369 
Initial Average Share Price 
369 
Initial Bidding Information Publication Time
526 
Initial Bidding Period 
526 
Initial Cash Allocation 
369 
Initial Closing Commodity Index Level 
369 
Initial Closing Fund Price 
369 
Initial Closing Index Level 
369 
Initial Closing Share Price 
369 
Initial Commodity Index Level 
369 
Initial Commodity Price 
370 
Initial Commodity Reference Price 
370 
Initial Currency 
227 
Initial Equity Perf Allocation 
370 
Initial FX Rate 
370 
Initial Index Level 
370 
Initial Observation Period 
371 
Initial Observation Period End Date 
371 
Initial Observation Period Start Date 
371 
Initial Pricing Date 
371, 434 
Initial Reference Asset Closing Value 
371 
Initial Reference Asset Intra-Day Value 
371 
Initial Share Price 
371 
Initial Valuation Date 
372, 402, 417, 545 
Initial Value 
372 
In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
536, 544 
In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event 536, 544 
In-Scope Shares 
853 
Insolvency 
402, 545 
Insolvency Filing 
403 
Instalment Amount 
271 
Instalment Date 
271 
Instalment Percentage 
372 
Insurance Distribution Directivevi, 574, 728, 
743, 778 
Integer 
294 
Integer Period 
294 
Interest Amount 
165, 271, 454, 456 
Interest Bearing Amount 
462 
Interest Commencement Date 
271 
Interest Determination Date 
271 
Interest Payment Date 
272 
Interest Period 
272, 462 
Interest Period End Date 
272 
Intermediary 
815, 847 
Intermediated Securities 
4, 101, 154, 273 
Intervening Period 
221, 273 
Inventory Securities 
32 
Inverse Base Currency/Reference Currency 
Rate 
445 
Investment Company Act 
vii 
Investment Level (i) 
372 
Investment Period (i, t) 
372 
Investor 
886 
Investor Letter of Representations 
273, 787 
Investor-Based Exemptions 
797 
IRAP 
846 
Irish Branch Holders 
802 
Irish Holders 
802 
Irish Resident Holders 
802 
IRS 
76 
ISDA 
115, 273, 484, 520 
ISDA Definitions 
273 
ISDA Determination 
468 
ISDA Fallback Rate 
273 
ISDA Rate 
165, 188, 273, 549 
ISDA U.S. QFC Protocol 
764 
Issue Date 
245, 273 
Issue Price 
273

--- Page 918 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
905 
Issue Terms 
2, 152, 273 
Issuer 
1, 151 
Issuer Physical Settlement 
273 
Issuer Physical Settlement Amount 
273 
Issuers 
1, 151 
Italian Certificates 
273 
Italian MTF 
274 
J.P. Morgan affiliate 
164, 885 
Joint Potential Successor 
506 
Joint Relevant Obligation 
506 
Joint Representative 
239, 274 
JPMCFC 
x, 1, 151, 274 
JPMCFC 2024 Audited Financial Statements
86 
JPMCFC Base Prospectus 
884 
JPMCFC Guarantor 
1, 151, 274 
JPMCFC Information 
884 
JPMCFC Registration Document 
84 
JPMCFC/JPMSP Special Restrictions 
800 
JPMCFC/JPMSP Standard Restrictions 
800 
JPMorgan Chase 
ix, 895 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 11 April 2025 Form 8-
K 
86 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2024 Form 10-K 
86 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2025 Proxy Statement
86 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Base Prospectus 
884 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guaranteeii, x, 151, 
274 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Registration Document
84 
JPMorgan Chase Bank 
ix 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 2024 Audited 
Financial Statements 
86 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Base Prospectus
884 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Guaranteeii, 
ix, 
151, 274 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Registration 
Document 
84 
JPMS plc 
761, 766 
JPMSP 
x, 1, 151, 274 
JPMSP 2023 Annual Report 
86 
JPMSP 2024 Annual Report 
86 
JPMSP Base Prospectus 
884 
JPMSP Guarantor 
1, 151, 274 
JPMSP Information 
884 
JPMSP Registration Document 
84 
k 
372 
Knock-In Best Performance Strike 
372 
Knock-In Event 
372 
Knock-In Observation Period 
373 
Knock-In Observation Period End Date 
373 
Knock-In Observation Period Start Date 
373 
Knock-In Performance Event 
373 
Knock-In Performance Observation Period 374 
Knock-In Performance Observation Period End 
Date 
374 
Knock-In Performance Observation Period 
Start Date 
374 
Knock-In Performance Strike 
374 
Knock-In Reference Date 
374 
Knock-In Strike 
374 
Largest Asset Package 
484 
Last Occurring FWWB Coupon Performance 
Event Date 
374 
Last Trading Day 
434 
Later Maturity Date 
486 
Latest Exercise Time 
274 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan 500 
Latest Potential Event Determination Date 462 
Law 111 
853 
Law 7/2013 
776 
Law 7/2024 
776 
Law No. 178 
846 
LBD 
274 
LEI 
1 
Limitation Date 
484 
Linear Zero Coupon Notes 
274 
Listed 
491 
Loan 
490 
Local Time 
274 
Lock-in Coupon Amount 
374 
Lock-in Event 
375 
Lock-in Level 
375 
Lock-in Valuation Date 
375 
London Banking Day 
274 
Low Barrier 
375 
Lower Boundary 
457 
Lowest Initial Closing Index Level 
375 
Lowest Initial Closing Index Level (Specified 
Observation Dates) 
375 
Lowest Initial Closing Share Price 
376 
Lowest Initial Closing Share Price (Specified 
Observation Dates) 
376 
Luxembourg Prospectus Law 
887 
M 
376 
M (Basket) 
376 
M(M)R Restructuring 
117, 484 
M(Worst of) 
376 
M1 
260, 261 
M2 
260, 261 
Mainland China 
572 
Majority 
515 
Management Company 
545 
Margin 
274 
Market Disruption Event 
403, 417, 434, 545 
Market Position 
526 
Market Value 
484 
Masse 
274 
Material Change in Content 
435 
Material Change in Formula 
435 
Material Methodology Change Event 253, 274 
Maturity Bucket 
521 
Maturity Bucket End Date 
521 
Maturity Date 
274, 455, 457, 484, 506 
Max 
376 
Maximum Days of Disruption403, 418, 435, 
545 
Maximum Exercise Number 
274

--- Page 919 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
906 
Maximum Floating Rate Coupon 
274 
Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread 527 
Maximum Instalment Amount 
274 
Maximum Maturity 
509 
Maximum Quotation Amount 
486 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
274 
Memory Amount 
376 
Memory Coupon Value 
376 
Merger Date 
403 
Merger Event 
403 
MiFID II vi, 53, 574, 728, 743, 778, 783, 888 
MiFIR 
53 
Min 
376 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
508 
Minimum Exercise Number 
274 
Minimum Floating Rate Coupon 
275 
Minimum Instalment Amount 
275 
Minimum Qualifying Actual Transaction Size
446 
Minimum Quotation Amount 
487 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
275 
Minimum Redemption Amount 
275 
Minimum Redemption Amount (Notes) 
275 
Minimum Redemption Value 
376 
Modified Eligible Transferee 
487 
Modified Following 
429, 430, 437, 444 
Modified Postponement 
529, 531 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
Date 
487 
Moody's 
888 
Movement Option 
487 
Movement Option Cut-off Date 
487 
MTF 
19 
Multi-Exchange Index 
418 
Multiple Holder Obligation 
487 
N 
377 
N (Basket) 
377 
N(Worst of) 
377 
National Currency Unit 
275 
Nationalisation 
403, 545 
NAV 
545 
NAV Publication Suspension (ETF) 
403 
NAV Temporary Publication Suspension (ETF)
403 
Nearest 
429, 430, 438, 444 
New York Business Day 
763, 768 
New York Federal Reserve's Website172, 195, 
339 
New York Law Notes 
275 
NGN 
3, 152 
ni168, 171, 174, 176, 191, 194, 197, 199, 334, 
338, 342, 343 
No Adjustment 
429, 430, 438, 444 
No Auction Announcement Date 
487 
No Trigger Event 
378 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation 
488 
Non-Conforming 
Substitute 
Reference 
Obligation 
488 
Non-Contingent Amount 
492, 511 
Non-Deliverable 
570 
Non-Deliverable Substitute 
570 
Non-Deliverable Substitute Settlement Date
572 
Non-exempt Offer 
739, 777, 884 
Non-Financial Instrument 
488 
Non-Participating FFI 
814 
Non-Permitted Holder 
163 
Non-Standard Event Determination Date 
488 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date 
489 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
489 
Non-Transferable Instrument 
489 
Non-U.S. Certification 
275 
Non-U.S. Holders 
807 
Norwegian Certificates 
276 
Norwegian Notes 
276 
Norwegian Programme Agent 
276 
Norwegian Record Date 
186, 276 
Norwegian Registrar 
276 
Norwegian Resident Corporations 
858 
Norwegian Resident Individuals 
857 
Norwegian Securities 
153, 276 
Norwegian Warrants 
276 
Not Bearer 
509 
Not Domestic Currency 
491 
Not Domestic Issuance 
491 
Not Domestic Law 
491 
Not Sovereign Lender 
491 
Not Subordinated 
490 
Notes 
151, 276 
Notice 
795 
Notice Delivery Date 
489 
Notice Delivery Period 
119, 462, 489 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option 
490 
Notional Amount 
276 
Notional Reduction Amount 
455, 458 
NRIT 
863 
NSS 
3, 153 
Number of FX Settlement Days 
446 
Number of Reference Assets 
378 
Number of Trigger Levels 
378 
NWT 
866 
OBFR 
256 
Obligation 
490 
Obligation Acceleration 
490 
Obligation Category 
490 
Obligation Characteristics 
490 
Obligation Currency 
492 
Obligation Default 
492 
Obligations 
116 
Obligor 
761, 766 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation)378, 403, 
418, 435, 446, 545 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) 
379, 
404, 418, 435, 446 
Observation Look-Back Period 171, 195, 339 
Observation Period168, 174, 176, 191, 197, 
199, 334, 342, 343, 379, 404, 419, 435, 446, 546 
Observation Period (Drop Back) 
379 
Observation Period (Drop Back) End Date 379 
Observation Period (Drop Back) Start Date 379

--- Page 920 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
907 
Observation Period Cut-off Time 
446 
Observation Period End Date 
546 
Observation Period Start Date 
546 
OCC 
ii, 789 
Offer Period 
737 
Offshore CNY 
39, 796 
Offshore CNY Centre 
572 
Offshore CNY Disruption Event 
572 
Offshore CNY Illiquidity 
572 
Offshore CNY Inconvertibility 
572 
Offshore CNY Non-Transferability 
572 
OFP 
821 
Omission 
528, 530 
Optional Redemption Amount 
276 
Optional Redemption Date 
276 
Optional Redemption Table 
276 
Original Base Prospectus 
746, 890 
Original Currency 
276, 441 
Original Fund 
546 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation
492 
Original Obligation(s) 
512 
Original Rate 
276, 549 
Original Rate Disruption 
550 
Original Reference Entity 
504 
OTC 
52 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
492 
Outstanding Unpaid Relevant Payment Amount
536, 546 
p169, 171, 174, 176, 192, 195, 197, 199, 334, 
339, 342, 343 
Package Observable Bond 
492 
Page 
276, 336 
Parallel Auction 
493 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
493 
Partial Distributions 
216, 276 
Participating Bidders 
527 
Participation 
379 
parties in interest 
797 
Payable Redemption Proceeds 
536, 546 
Paying Agent 
276 
Payment 
490 
Payment Cut-off Date 
69, 534, 546 
Payment Day 
216, 276 
Payment Disruption Event 
132, 276 
Payment Disruption Valuation Date 
277 
Payment Event Cut-off Date 
277 
Payment Event Payment Date 
277 
Payment Requirement 
493 
Payout Conditions 
2, 151, 289 
PBOC 
39 
PCA 
379 
PEA 
837 
Performance Factor 1 
379 
Performance Factor 2 
379 
Periodic Pricing Date 
379, 436 
Periodic Valuation Date379, 404, 419, 446, 546 
Permanent Bearer Global Security3, 152, 154, 
155, 277 
Permanent Global Security 
277 
Permanent Registered Global Security3, 
153, 
277 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations 
493 
Permitted Contingency 
493 
Permitted Transfer 
493 
Permitted Transferee 
162, 278 
Person 
767 
PF1 
380 
PF2 
380 
Physical Settlement 
278 
Physical Settlement Buy Request 
522 
Physical Settlement Cut-off Date 
278 
Physical Settlement Price (Final) 
380 
Physical Settlement Price (Initial) 
380 
Physical Settlement Sell Request 
522 
PIT 
863 
plan 
792 
Plan 
791, 794 
Plan Asset Regulations 
797 
Plans 
797 
Post Dismissal Additional Period 
493 
Postponed Maturity Date 
451 
Postponement 
436, 529, 530 
Potential Adjustment Event 393, 396, 404, 546 
Potential Exercise Date 
278 
Potential Failure to Pay 
493 
Potential Replacement Underlying(s) 
547 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
494 
PPDown 
380 
PPUp 
380 
Preceding 
429, 430, 438, 444 
Pre-selected Replacement Fund 
547 
Previous Coupon Amount 
380 
Price Materiality Percentage 
436 
Price Source 
436 
Price Source Disruption 
436, 446, 572 
Pricing Date 
436 
Pricing Supplement 
150 
Principal Programme Agent 
278, 766 
Prior Reference Obligation 
491 
Prior Valuation Obligation 
494 
Private-side Loan 
494 
Proceedings 
251, 278, 764 
Programme 
ii, 151, 278, 761, 766 
Programme Agents 
5 
Programme Agreement 
775 
Programme Documents 
761, 766 
Prohibited Action 
494 
Proposed FATCA Regulations 
815 
Prospectus Law 
777 
Protection 
380 
PSP (Final) 
380 
PSP (Initial) 
380 
PTCE 
797 
PTCE 95-60 
798 
Public Source 
494 
Publicly Available Information 
494 
Purchaser representations and requirements and 
transfer restrictions 
787 
Put Strike 
380

--- Page 921 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
908 
Qualifying Actual Transaction 
446 
Qualifying Actual Transaction Observation 
End Time 
447 
Qualifying Actual Transaction Observation 
Start Time 
447 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee 
495 
Qualifying Certificates 
868 
Qualifying Guarantee 
495 
Qualifying Participation Seller 
496 
Qualifying Shares 
868 
Quantum of the Claim 
496 
Quota 
278 
Quotation 
496 
Quotation Amount 
497 
Quotation Method 
497 
RA 1 Final Value 
380 
RA 1 Initial Value 
380 
RA 2 Final Value 
380 
RA 2 Initial Value 
380 
Range Accrual Coupon Factor 
380 
Rate Linked Provisions 
2, 151, 278 
Rate Linked Securities 
1, 278 
Rate of Interest 
278 
Real Estate Funds 
847 
Rebasing 
442 
Rebate 
380 
Recalcitrant Holder 
814 
Recalcitrant Holders 
75 
Recommended Fallback Rate 
278 
Record Date 
186, 187, 209, 214, 215, 279 
Redemption Adjustment Calculation Date 455, 
462 
Redemption Amount 
279, 453, 455 
Redemption Barrier 
380 
Redemption Cut-off Date 
536, 547 
Redemption Date 
279 
Redenomination Date 
279 
Reference Asset 
279 
Reference Asset 1 
380, 696 
Reference Asset 2 
380, 696 
Reference Asset Amount 
279, 380 
Reference Asset Amounts 
279 
Reference Asset Closing Value 
381 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value 
381 
Reference Asset Linked Conditions 
151, 279 
Reference Asset Linked Coupon Certificates
279 
Reference Asset Linked Coupon Notes 
279 
Reference Asset Table 
381 
Reference Asset Transfer Notice 
279 
Reference Asset Value 
381 
Reference Asset(s) 
6 
Reference Assets 
99, 279 
Reference Banks 
280, 336 
Reference Currency 
447, 570 
Reference Date 
405, 419, 447, 547 
Reference Dealers 
280, 436, 447 
Reference Entity 
114, 462, 497 
Reference Entity Weighting 
463 
Reference Obligation 
463, 497, 510 
Reference Portfolio 
63 
Reference Rate 
280 
Reference Rate Business Day 
555 
Reference Rate Financial Centre(s) 
555 
Reference Rate Relevant Time 
555 
Reference Value 
381, 555 
Register 
157, 280 
Registered Certificates 
280 
Registered Global Note 
280 
Registered Global Security 
3, 280 
Registered Notes 
280 
Registered Securities 
280 
Registered Security 
280 
Registered Warrants 
280 
Registrar 
280 
Registration Documents 
84 
Regular Date 
281 
Regular Period 
280 
Regulated Market 
888 
Regulation No. 11971 
780 
Regulation S 
vii, 281, 788, 789 
Related Exchange 
405, 419 
Related Hedging Entity 
281 
Related Payment Date 
288 
Relevant Adjustment Calculation Date455, 457 
Relevant Affected Reference Entity 
457 
Relevant Benchmark 
281 
Relevant Change of Law 
281 
Relevant City Business Day 
497 
Relevant Clearing System(s) 
281 
Relevant Coupon Payment Date 
384 
Relevant Currency 
282 
Relevant CVD 
294 
Relevant Date 
391, 412, 440, 444, 531, 547 
Relevant Day 
381 
Relevant DCF 
381 
Relevant Disrupted Amount 
572 
Relevant Event 
514 
Relevant Financial Centre 
282, 336 
Relevant Fund Share 
534, 547 
Relevant Governmental Authority 
227 
relevant Guarantee 
x 
Relevant Guarantee 
497 
Relevant Holder 
497 
Relevant Incorporation Jurisdiction 
282 
Relevant Interest Payment Date 
460 
Relevant Jurisdiction 
248, 282 
Relevant Notes 
282 
Relevant Number170, 173, 193, 196, 337, 340, 
555 
Relevant Obligations 
497 
Relevant Observation Period 
381 
Relevant Pairing 
522 
Relevant Payment Amount 
69, 534, 547 
Relevant Payment Date 
282, 536, 547 
Relevant Payment Jurisdiction 
282 
Relevant Performance 
381 
Relevant Performance (Basket) 
381 
Relevant Performance (Best) 
382 
Relevant Performance (Worst) 
382

--- Page 922 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
909 
Relevant Pricing Increment 
527 
Relevant Programme Agent 
282 
Relevant Record Date 
282 
Relevant Redemption Adjustment Calculation 
Date 
459 
Relevant Rules 
282 
Relevant Scheduled Payment Date182, 
205, 
554 
Relevant Seller 
516 
Relevant Source Jurisdiction 
282 
Relevant Taxes 
882 
Relevant Time 
282, 337 
Relevant W&C Securities 
882 
Relibi Law 
856 
Re-listing Exchange(s) 
401 
Remaining Credit Position 
467 
Replacement Exchange Traded Fund 
398 
Replacement Index 
398 
Replacement Index Basket 
398 
Replacement Share 
392 
Replacement Underlying(s) 
547 
Representative 
241, 283 
Representative Auction-Settled Transaction
527 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
498 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date 126, 
498 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition
498 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 499 
Reset Date 
453, 454, 457 
Resident Corporate Taxpayer 
854 
Resident Individual 
854 
Residual Amount 
382 
Residual Cash Amount 
283, 382 
Residual Cash Amounts 
283 
resolution plan 
9 
Resolve 
499 
Resolved 
499 
Resolves 
499 
Responsible Persons 
885 
Restructured Bond or Loan 
499 
Restructuring 
499 
Restructuring Date 
500 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date 
500 
Reuters Screen 
436 
Reverse Merger 
403 
Reverse Trigger Bonus 
382 
Revised Interest Amount 
463 
Revised Interest Bearing Amount 
463 
RFR 
283 
RG AMF 
778 
Rounded Number of Reference Assets 
382 
Royal Decree 814/2023 
782 
Rules 
59, 514, 520 
S&P 
888 
SARON 
20 
Scheduled Averaging Date 405, 419, 447, 547 
Scheduled Closing Time 
405, 419 
Scheduled Coupon Valuation Date405, 
419, 
436, 547 
Scheduled Final Pricing Date 
436 
Scheduled Initial Pricing Date 
437 
Scheduled Initial Valuation Date 405, 419, 547 
Scheduled Maturity Date 
115, 500 
Scheduled Periodic Pricing Date 
437 
Scheduled Periodic Valuation Date405, 
419, 
547 
Scheduled Pricing Date 
437 
Scheduled Product Repayment Date 
275 
Scheduled Reference Date 405, 419, 447, 547 
Scheduled Relevant Date 
444 
Scheduled Specified Observation Date405, 419 
Scheduled Trading Day 
283, 405, 420, 547 
Scheduled Valuation Date 405, 420, 547, 570 
Scheme 
878 
SchVG 
239 
Screen Page 
437 
SDRT 
880 
SEC 
vii 
Second Obligation 
490 
Section 871(m) 
810 
Securities 
ii, 1, 151, 245, 283, 576, 761, 766 
Securities Act 
ii, 283, 788, 789 
Securities Markets Law 
782 
Security 
761, 766 
Security Redemption Amount 
383 
Security Redemption Date 
383 
Security Redemption Reference Asset(s) 
383 
SeDeX (MTF) 
274 
Senior Credit Position 
500 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation 
510 
Senior Obligation 
500 
Seniority Level 
500, 511 
Series 
2, 151, 283 
Service Provider Exemption 
797 
Settlement Amount 
283 
Settlement Currency 
570 
Settlement Cycle 
283, 405, 420 
Settlement Date 
283 
Settlement Disruption Event 
283 
Settlement Method 
500 
Settlement Postponement 
570 
Settlement Rate 
570 
SFDR 
36 
Share 
284, 383, 405, 420 
Share Currency 
383, 447 
Share Disrupted Day 
420 
Share Exposure 
796 
Share FX Rate 
383 
Share Issuer 
383, 405 
Share Linked Provisions 
2, 151, 284 
Share Linked Securities 
1, 284 
Share of Exchange Traded Fund 
405 
Share Price 
383, 405 
Share Settlement Disruption Event 
406 
Share Strike Price 
406 
Shares 
284 
SICAF 
847

--- Page 923 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
910 
SICAV 
847 
Single Name CLN 
120, 448 
Single of a Basket Knock-In Event 
383 
Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation 
Period 
384 
Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation 
Period End Date 
384 
Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation 
Period Start Date 
384 
Single of a Basket Knock-In Reference Date
384 
Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike 
384 
SIX SIS 
3, 284 
Social Securities 
756 
SOFR 
20, 172, 195, 339 
SOFR Compounded Index 
172, 196, 337 
SOFR Index 
173, 196, 337 
SOFR IndexEnd 
173, 196, 337 
SOFR IndexStart 
173, 196, 337 
SOFR Observation Period 
172, 195, 339 
SOFR Reference Rate 
172, 195, 339 
SOFRi-pUSBD 
172, 195, 339 
Solvency Capital Provisions 
501 
SONIA 
20 
SONIA Compounded Index 
169, 193, 340 
SONIA rate 
169, 192, 342 
SONIAi 
169, 192, 342 
SONIAi-pLBD 
169, 192, 342 
Sovereign 
501 
Sovereign Restructured Valuation Obligation
501 
Sovereign Succession Event 
128, 501 
Specified Coupon Amount 
384 
Specified Coupon Period 
284 
Specified Currency 
284, 384, 491 
Specified Decimal Place 
284 
Specified Denomination 
284 
Specified Final Redemption Amount 
501 
Specified Fraction 
284 
Specified Number of Business Days 
501 
Specified Observation Date 
384, 406, 420 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation) 
404, 418, 435, 446 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation) 
404, 419, 435 
Specified Payment Date 
464 
Specified Price 
437 
Specified Price Currency 
437 
Specified Unit 
284 
Spread 
384 
SPV 
34 
SRO List 
501 
Standard 
119, 501 
Standard Reference Obligation 
497, 501 
Standard Specified Currency 
501 
Steps Plan 
501 
Sterling 
x, 284 
STLF 
867 
Strike 
384 
Strike1 
384 
Strike2 
384 
Subordinated 
491 
Subordinated Credit Position 
501 
Subordinated Obligation 
501 
Subordination 
490, 510 
Subsequent Bidding Information Publication 
Time 
527 
Substitute 
247 
Substitute Currency 
227 
Substitute Reference Obligation 
501 
Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution 
Request Date 
503 
Substitution Date 
503 
Substitution Event 
503 
Substitution Event Date 
503 
succeed 
505 
succeeded 
505 
succession 
505 
Succession Date 
504 
Successor 
61, 504 
Successor Backstop Date 
128, 129, 507 
Successor Currency 
441 
Successor Index 
413, 420, 425 
Successor Index Event (ETF) 
406 
Successor Index Sponsor 
413, 420 
Successor Notice 
507 
Successor Resolution 
516 
Successor Resolution Request Date 
507 
Successor Sponsor 
425 
Successor Underlying Index 
406 
Sum FWWB Coupon Rate 
384 
Sum of Previous Coupon Amounts 
384 
Supermajority 
515 
Sustainability Securities 
756 
Sustainable Bond Framework 
756 
Sustainable Securities 
iii, 756 
Swap Rate 
284 
Swap Transaction165, 188, 334, 453, 454, 457, 
549 
Swedish Certificates 
284 
Swedish CSD 
284 
Swedish CSD Rules 
284 
Swedish Notes 
284 
Swedish Programme Agent 
284 
Swedish Record Date 
186, 209, 215, 284 
Swedish Register 
158, 284 
Swedish Registrar 
284 
Swedish Securities 
4, 154, 285 
Swedish Warrants 
285 
Swiss Authorised Offeror(s) 
739 
Swiss Certificates 
285 
Swiss Global Security 
154, 285 
Swiss Notes 
285 
Swiss Offer Period 
737 
Swiss Programme Agent 
285 
Swiss Register 
157, 285 
Swiss Registrar 
285 
Swiss Securities 
4, 154, 285 
Synthetic Dividend 
48 
t 
384

--- Page 924 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
911 
T2 
285 
TARGET2 Settlement Day 
285 
Tax Disruption 
437 
Tax Reform 
853 
Tax Termination Event 
230, 285 
Tax Termination Event Notice Period 
230 
Tax-Treaty 
855 
Temporary Bearer Global Security 3, 152, 285 
Temporary Global Security 
285 
Temporary Registered Global Security3, 153, 
285 
Tender Offer 
406 
Tender Offer Date 
406 
Termination Event 
225, 285 
Termination Event Notice Period 
225 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
150 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation 
510 
Title II 
10 
TLAC 
576, 745 
TLAC rules 
9 
Tokyo Banking Day 
174, 197, 343 
TONA 
20, 175, 198, 343 
TONA Fixing Day 
175, 198, 344 
TONA rate 
174, 197, 343 
TONAi 
174, 197, 343 
Trade Date 
437, 507, 547 
Trading Day 
437 
Trading Day Convention 
437 
Trading Disruption 
406, 420, 438 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation 
510 
Tranche 
2, 151, 285 
Tranche Size 
458 
Tranches 
2, 151 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms 
507 
Transaction Type 
464, 507 
Transfer Agent 
285 
Transferable 
509 
Treaty 
285 
Trigger Date (i) 
385 
Trigger Event (i) 
385 
Trigger Level (i + 1) 
385 
Trigger Level (i) 
385 
Trigger Percentage 
513 
Triggered Reference Entity 
464 
Triggered Reference Entity Loss 
464 
U.S. Controlled Person 
814 
U.S. Dollars 
x 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 172, 
173, 195, 196, 337, 339, 555 
U.S. Gross Proceeds 
815 
U.S. Holder 
807 
U.S. Person 
286 
U.S. Special Resolution Regime 
765, 770 
U.S. Treasury 
807 
U.S.$ 
x, 507 
UK Benchmarks Regulation 
19 
UK EMIR 
53 
UK MiFIR 
746 
UK PRIIPs KID Regulation 
784 
UK PRIIPs Regulation 
vii, 574, 728, 743 
UK Prospectus Regulationvi, 285, 574, 729, 
746 
UK Short Selling Regulation 
33 
Unconverted Amount 
322 
underlying companies 
73, 78 
Underlying Hedge Entity 
285 
Underlying Hedge Tax Jurisdiction 
286 
Underlying Hedge Transactions 
286 
Underlying Index 
406 
Underlying Index Cancellation (ETF) 
406 
Underlying Index Modification (ETF) 
406 
Underlying Obligation 
507 
Underlying Obligor 
507 
Underlying RFR 
286 
Underlying Shares 
406 
Underlying Shares Issuer 
406 
Undetermined Reference Entity 
464 
Unit 
438 
Unitary Index 
420 
United States 
286 
Universal Successor 
128, 129, 505 
Unpaid Implied Yield 
286 
Unpaid Redemption Proceeds 
537, 547 
Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event 537, 547 
Unpaid Relevant Payment Amount 
535, 548 
Unscheduled Holiday 
286, 573 
UpCAP 
385 
Upper Boundary 
458 
UpPFI 
385 
Upside Gearing 
385 
USBD 
172, 173, 195, 196, 337, 339, 555 
USBDx 
172, 195, 339 
USD 
x, 507, 570 
USD Equivalent Amount 
286 
USD/Affected Currency Exchange Rate 
286 
User's Guide 
80 
USRPHC 
812 
USRPI 
812 
Valid Date 
406, 420, 548 
Valuation Business Day 
507 
Valuation Date287, 385, 406, 421, 507, 548, 
572 
Valuation Event Date 
508 
Valuation Method 
508 
Valuation Obligation 
508 
Valuation Obligation Category 
508 
Valuation Obligation Characteristics 
508 
Valuation Obligations 
122 
Valuation Postponement 
571 
Valuation Postponement for Price Source 
Disruption 
571 
Valuation Time 
406, 421, 509, 548 
Value(t) 
385 
Variable Linked Interest Commencement Date
555 
Variable Linked Interest End Date 
555 
Variable Linked Interest Period 
555 
VCA 
385 
Volatility Threshold 
540 
Voting Shares 
509

--- Page 925 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
912 
VP 
4, 287 
VP Rules 
287 
VPS 
4, 287 
VPS Register 
158, 287 
VPS Rules 
287 
W 
385 
Warrants 
151, 287 
Weighted Average Quotation 
509 
Weighted Coupon Factor Performance 
386 
Weighted Coupon Strike (High Watermark)
386 
Weighted Performance 
386 
White List 
850 
Worst Final Value 
386 
Worst Initial Value 
386 
Worst Performance Reference Asset 
386 
Worst Reference Asset 
386 
Worst Share 
386 
Written Decision 
243 
Written Decision Date 
243 
x 
170, 193, 340 
y 
170, 193, 340 
Y1 
260, 261 
Y2 
260, 261 
Zero Coupon Notes 
287 
Zero Recovery 
478

--- Page 926 ---
913 
Registered Office of JPMSP 
J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V.
Luna ArenA 
Herikerbergweg 238 
1101 CM Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Registered Office of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Principal Executive Office of 
JPMCFC 
Principal Office of JPMorgan 
Chase & Co. 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
1111 Polaris Parkway 
Columbus, Ohio 43240 
United States of America 
JPMorgan Chase Financial 
Company LLC 
383 Madison Avenue 
New York, New York 10179 
United States of America 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
383 Madison Avenue 
New York, New York 10179 
United States of America
Dealer and Arranger 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Dealers 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
383 Madison Avenue 
5th Floor 
New York, New York 10179 
United States of America 
J.P. Morgan SE 
TaunusTurm 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia 
Pacific) Limited 
25/F Chater House 
8 Connaught Road Central 
Hong Kong 
Principal Programme Agent, 
Paying Agent and Transfer 
Agent 
Paying Agent, Registrar and 
Transfer Agent 
The Bank of New York 
Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London, EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York 
Mellon S.A./N.V. 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building 
Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 
Luxembourg 
Calculation Agents and Delivery Agents 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan SE 
TaunusTurm 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
383 Madison Avenue 
5th Floor 
New York, New York 10179 
United States of America

--- Page 927 ---
914 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
Matheson LLP 
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland
Auditors 
Independent Auditors of 
JPMSP 
Independent Auditors of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Independent Registered 
Public Accounting Firm of 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Accountants N.V. 
Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5 
1066 JR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
LLP 
300 Madison Avenue 
New York, New York 10017 
United States of America
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
300 Madison Avenue 
New York, New York 10017 
United States of America 
Independent Auditors of 
JPMorgan Chase Financial 
Company LLC 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
LLP
300 Madison Avenue 
New York, New York 10017 
United States of America
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuers 
in respect of U.S. law 
in respect of Dutch law 
Ashurst LLP 
55 Hudson Yards 
18th Floor 
New York, NY 10001 
United States of America 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Droogbak 1A 
1013 GE Amsterdam 
PO Box 251 
1000 AG Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Arranger and Dealer 
in respect of English law 
Ashurst LLP 
London Fruit and Wool 
Exchange 
1 Duval Square 
London E1 6PW 
United Kingdom 
In respect of Norwegian Securities: 
Norwegian Programme Agent 
Norwegian Registrar 
Legal Adviser to the Issuers 
in respect of Norwegian law 
Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ) Oslofilialen
norsk avdeling av utenlandsk
foretak NUF 
Investor Services 
Filipstadveien 10
Euronext Securities Oslo 
(Verdipapirsentralen ASA) 
Tollbugata 2 
N-0152 Oslo 
P.O. Box. 1174 Sentrum  
N-0107 Oslo
Advokatfirmaet DLA 
Piper Norway DA 
Bryggegata 6, 
N-0250 Oslo 
P.O. Box 1364 
Vika

--- Page 928 ---
915 
N-0250 Oslo 
Norway 
Norway 
N-0114 Oslo 
Norway 
In respect of Swedish Securities: 
Swedish Programme Agent 
Swedish Registrar 
Legal Adviser to the Issuers 
in respect of Swedish law 
Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ) 
Investor Services, A-S12 
Råsta Strandväg 5  
SE-169 79 Solna 
Sweden
Euroclear Sweden AB 
Klarabergsviadukten 63, 
Box 191 
SE-101 23 Stockholm 
Sweden 
AG Advokat KB 
Regeringsgatan 38 
Box 3124 
SE-103 62 
Stockholm 
Sweden
In respect of Finnish Securities 
Finnish Programme Agent 
Finnish Registrar 
Legal Advisers to the Issuers 
in respect of Finnish law 
Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ) 
Helsinki Branch 
Investor Services 
Eteläesplanadi 18,  
FI-00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
Euroclear Finland Oy 
Itämerenkatu 25 
00180 Helsinki 
Finland 
Waselius Attorneys Ltd 
Eteläesplanadi 24 A 
00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
In respect of Danish Notes: 
Danish Programme Agent 
Danish Registrar 
Legal Adviser to the Issuers 
in respect of Danish law 
Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ) 
Copenhagen Branch 
Investor Services 
Bernstorffsgade 50 
1577 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
Euronext Securities 
Copenhagen (VP Securities 
A/S) 
Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8 
1402 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
Bech-Bruun Law Firm P/S 
Gdanskgade 18 
2150 Nordhavn 
Denmark 
In respect of French Securities: 
French Programme Agent 
Dutch Listing Agent 
Legal Advisers to the Issuers 
in respect of French law
BNP Paribas S.A. 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Cooperatieve Centrale 
Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank 
BA 
Amstelplein 1, 1096 HA 
Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Ashurst LLP 
Avocats au Barreau de Paris 
18, square Edouard VII 
75009 Paris 
France 
In respect of Swiss Securities: 
Swiss Programme Agent 
Paying Agent
Legal Advisers to the Issuers 
in respect of Swiss law 
UBS AG 
Bahnhofstrasse 45,  
8001 Zürich  
Switzerland 
UBS Switzerland AG 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zürich 
Switzerland 
Homburger AG 
Prime Tower 
Hardstrasse 201 
8005 Zurich 
Switzerland

--- Page 929 ---
916 
In respect of German Securities: 
German Programme Agent 
Legal Advisers to the 
Arranger and Dealer 
in respect of German securities 
law
BNP Paribas S.A. 
Germany Branch 
Senckenberganlage 19 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
FOUR Frankfurt 
Junghofstraße 9 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany