--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS  
18 JULY 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability in The Netherlands) 
as Issuer 
 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
(a national banking association organised under the laws of the United States of America) 
as Issuer and as Guarantor in respect of Securities 
issued by 
J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V.  
 
 
Secured Structured Securities Programme for the issuance 
of 
Notes, Warrants and Certificates 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Arranger and Dealer for the Programme 
J.P. Morgan

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
INTRODUCTION TO THIS DOCUMENT 
The Securities, the Guarantee and, in certain instances, the securities to be delivered upon redemption or 
exercise of the Securities, if any, have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and trading in the Securities and the Guarantee have not been approved by the U.S. Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended 
(the "Commodity Exchange Act"). The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the 
Guarantee (as defined below) have not been and will not be registered under the rules of the U.S. Office 
of the Comptroller of the Currency (the "OCC"). Subject to certain exceptions, the Securities and the 
Guarantee may not be offered, sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised or redeemed at 
any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person that is not an 
affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer, except, in respect of the Rule 
144A Securities and the Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities being sold in accordance with Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A"), in accordance with Rule 144A and in reliance upon the relevant 
exemptions from state securities laws and any other applicable laws of other jurisdictions. Hedging 
transactions involving "equity securities" of "domestic issuers" (as each such term is defined in the 
Securities Act and regulations thereunder) may be conducted only in compliance with the Securities Act, 
and hedging transactions must be conducted only in compliance with the Commodity Exchange Act. 
What is this document? 
This document (referred to as the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a "base prospectus" for the purposes 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) relating to the Securities (as described below) other 
than for Exempt Securities (as described below). This Base Prospectus, including the documents 
incorporated by reference into it, is intended to provide investors with information necessary to enable 
them to make an informed investment decision before purchasing Securities. It is valid for 12 months 
after its approval and will expire on 18 July 2025. It may be supplemented from time to time to reflect 
any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included 
in it. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in it does not apply when 
such Base Prospectus is no longer valid. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Securities" are 
to Securities for which no prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation or 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a prospectus for purposes of Part IV of the Luxembourg law on 
prospectus securities dated July 16, 2019 in respect of Exempt Securities (as described below). The 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") has not reviewed nor approved any 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in relation to Exempt Securities (as described below). 
Who are the Issuers and the Guarantor of the Securities? 
The Securities will be issued by one of (i) J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. and (ii) JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. The relevant "Issue Terms" document (as described below) will specify which of these 
companies is the Issuer of the relevant Securities. Securities issued by J.P. Morgan Structured Products 
B.V. will be guaranteed by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the "Guarantee"). Securities issued by 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will not be the subject of a guarantee.  
The Securities are secured (such security being granted by the Collateral Provider (as defined below)) 
and unsubordinated general obligations of the relevant Issuer. The Guarantee, if applicable, is an 
unsecured and unsubordinated general obligation of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.. Subject to the Security 
Interests (as defined below) in respect of the Series of Securities (as defined in the General Conditions) 
(where the Type of Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being Single Series 
Collateral Pool) or the Linked Series of Securities (as defined in the General Conditions) (where the Type 
of Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being Multiple Series Collateral Pool) 
granted by the Collateral Provider (as defined below) to BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
(and its successors from time to time) acting as the Security Trustee for the benefit of itself, any appointee 
thereof and the Holders of such Series of Securities or the Linked Holders of the Linked Series of 
Securities (each as defined in the General Conditions), respectively, all payments or deliveries to be made 
by the relevant Issuer (and, if applicable, the Guarantor) under the Securities are subject to the credit risk 
of the relevant Issuer (and, if applicable, the Guarantor). The potential return on and value of the

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
Securities will be adversely affected in the event of a default or deterioration in the financial position of 
the relevant Issuer (and, if applicable, the Guarantor). The registration document for each Issuer which 
is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, together with other information provided in this 
Base Prospectus, provides a description of each Issuer's business activities as well as certain financial 
information and material risks faced by each Issuer. 
What are the Securities? 
The relevant Issuer may issue Securities in the form of any of (i) Warrants (ii) Certificates and (iii) Notes 
(all of which are referred to as "Securities") under the Secured Structured Securities Programme for the 
issuance of Notes, Warrants and Certificates (the "Programme"). Securities may (a) have any maturity, 
(b) be listed and traded on a regulated (or other) market, or not listed or traded, (c) be unrated or rated, 
(d) be non-interest bearing or bear fixed or floating rate interest or other variable interest, (e) have interest 
and/or redemption amounts which are dependent on the performance of one or more "Reference Assets" 
(as described below), (f) be settled by way of cash payment or physical delivery, (g) provide that the 
scheduled amount payable could be as low as zero or else provide some level of minimum scheduled 
amount payable at maturity (subject to the Security Interests (as defined below) granted by the Collateral 
Provider in respect of the Series of Securities or the Linked Series of Securities (each as defined in the 
General Conditions), as applicable, and the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the 
Guarantor) and (h) if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
have early payment amounts in respect of each Security which are dependent on the value of a Reference 
Bond (as defined below) and a Hypothetical Derivative (as defined below).  
In addition, the relevant Issuer may issue "Green Securities", "Social Securities" and/or "Sustainability 
Securities" (collectively, "Sustainable Securities") under the Programme, as described in the section 
entitled "Information relating to Sustainable Securities" of this Base Prospectus. 
Securities issued under the Programme will be secured (such security being granted by the Collateral 
Provider (as defined below)) as specified in the relevant Issue Terms and as further described herein. 
How will each Series of Securities be secured and what are the collateral arrangements? 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc, J.P. Morgan SE or such other entity named as Collateral Provider in the 
applicable Constituting Instrument (as defined below) in respect of the Relevant Series of Securities (as 
defined below) (the "Collateral Provider") (which shall be specified in the relevant Issue Terms) will 
provide collateral (the "Collateral") in respect of all Series of Securities issued under the Programme. 
The Collateral will be held in one or more accounts with The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch (the "Collateral Custodian (Lux)") and/or with The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch (the "Collateral Custodian (UK)"). The Collateral Provider will grant one or more 
Luxembourg law security interests (each a "Luxembourg Law Pledge") over the Collateral held with 
the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or one or more English law security interests (each an "English Law 
Charge" and, each of the Luxembourg Law Pledges and the English Law Charges, the "Security 
Interests") over the Collateral held with the Collateral Custodian (UK), depending on the accounts in 
which the Collateral for a particular Series of Securities is to be held.  
The Security Interests shall be granted in favour of BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
(and its successors from time to time) acting as the Security Trustee for the benefit of itself, any appointee 
thereof and the Holders of the Series of Securities or the Linked Holders of the Linked Series of Securities 
(each as defined in the General Conditions), respectively. 
The terms and operation of the collateral arrangements with respect to any Series of Securities (subject 
in the case of Exempt Securities) depend on (i) whether the Type of Collateral Pool specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms is Single Series Collateral Pool or Multiple Series Collateral Pool, (ii) in the case 
of a Series where Single Series Collateral Pool is specified, whether the Type of Collateralisation for 
such Series is (a) Static Collateral, (b) Margined Collateral or (c) Static and Margined Collateral and (iii) 
in the case where the Type of Collateralisation for such Series is either (a) Margined Collateral or (b) 
Static and Margined Collateral, whether certain accounts that may be held with the Collateral Custodian 
(UK) and/or the Collateral Custodian (Lux) are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms. In the case of 
any Series where Multiple Series Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Type of 
Collateral Pool, the Type of Collateralisation for such Series will be Margined Collateral. Where the 
Securities are a tranche of Securities which are (i) neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under EU Prospectus Regulation and (ii) neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the United Kingdom nor offered in the United Kingdom in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the UK Prospectus Regulation ("Exempt 
Securities"), notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base Prospectus, the Type of 
Collateralisation specified in the relevant Issue Terms may be different to "Static Collateral", "Margined 
Collateral" or "Static and Margined Collateral", in which case the provisions which govern such different 
Type of Collateralisation, including (without limitation) the custody arrangements with the Collateral 
Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK), and the security arrangements with the Security 
Trustee, will be set out in the applicable documentation, in respect of a Collateral Pool, entered into by, 
amongst others, the Issuer, the Collateral Provider and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
(and its successors from time to time) (the "Security Trustee") in relation to such Collateral Pool. 
What are the Reference Assets? 
The return on the Securities may be dependent on the performance of one or more "Reference Assets". 
The types of Reference Assets to which Securities issued under the Programme may be linked are (i) a 
share or a depositary receipt, (ii) a share index, (iii) an exchange traded fund ("ETF")), (iv) a mutual 
fund, (v) a commodity, (vi) a commodity index, (vii) a foreign exchange rate, (viii) an interest rate or 
swap rate or any other rate, (ix) the credit risk of a reference entity, (x) in the case of Bond Linked 
Securities, a reference bond and a hypothetical derivative and/or (xi) one or more or any combination of 
the above. The relevant Issuer is under no obligation to hold a Reference Asset, and Holders of Securities 
will have no beneficial interest or any other rights in relation to any Reference Assets. 
What is the Reference Bond? 
If (i) "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and (ii) a "Reference 
Obligor Event" (as described below) or other early redemption event occurs, the early payment amount 
payable in respect of each Security will be dependent on the value of the Reference Bond (as defined 
below) and a Hypothetical Derivative (as defined below). The "Reference Bond" is one or more bonds 
that will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
A "Reference Obligor Event" means the occurrence of each of one or more of the following: (a) 
Reference Obligor Acceleration; (b) Reference Obligor Default; (c) Reference Obligor Failure to Pay; 
(d) Reference Obligor Governmental Intervention; (e) Reference Obligor ISDA Event; (f) Reference 
Obligor Bankruptcy; (g) Reference Obligor Repudiation/Moratorium; (h) Reference Obligor 
Restructuring and (i) Reference Bond Early Redemption (each as defined in the Bond Linked 
Provisions).  
What is the Hypothetical Derivative? 
If (i) "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and (ii) a "Reference 
Obligor Event" (as described above) or other early redemption event occurs, the early payment amount 
payable in respect of each Security is comprised of the value of the Reference Bond and a hypothetical 
derivative transaction between two financial counterparties under which (a) the first counterparty makes 
payment to the other counterparty of amounts equal to the payments of principal and interest that are 
scheduled to be paid by the reference obligor specified in the relevant Issue Terms (the "Reference 
Obligor") on an aggregate amount of the Reference Bond equal to the Reference Bond Notional Amount 
(as defined in the Bond Linked Provisions) and (b) the other counterparty makes payment to the first 
counterparty of certain amounts scheduled to be paid and/or deliverable by the Issuer on the Securities 
Outstanding Nominal Amount (as defined in the General Conditions) of the Securities (a "Hypothetical 
Derivative"). 
What are Final Terms? 
A "Final Terms" document will be prepared in relation to each tranche of Securities (other than Exempt 
Securities) and sets out the specific details of the Securities. For example, the Final Terms will contain 
the issue date, the maturity date and the Reference Asset(s) to which the Securities are linked and specify 
the applicable "Payout Conditions" (or, if applicable, "Credit Linked Provisions") used to calculate the 
redemption amount and any interest/coupon payments (if applicable).

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
In addition, an issue-specific summary will be annexed to the Final Terms for each issuance of Securities 
(other than Exempt Securities). Each issue-specific summary will contain a summary of key information 
relating to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Securities, the risks relating to the Issuer 
and the Securities, and the offer of Securities.  
You should read the applicable Final Terms, together with this Base Prospectus (including the 
information incorporated by reference in it), before deciding to purchase any Securities. 
What are Pricing Supplements? 
A "Pricing Supplement" document will be prepared in relation to each issuance or tranche of Exempt 
Securities and sets out the specific details of the Exempt Securities. For example, the Pricing Supplement 
will contain the issue date, the maturity date and the Reference Asset(s) to which the Exempt Securities 
are linked and specify the applicable "Payout Conditions" (or, if applicable, "Credit Linked Provisions") 
(or directly set out the payout terms) used to calculate the redemption amount and any interest/coupon 
payments. You should read the applicable Pricing Supplement, together with this Base Prospectus 
(including information incorporated by reference into it), before deciding to purchase any Exempt 
Securities. 
What are Issue Terms? 
"Issue Terms" means either (i) where the Securities are not Exempt Securities, the applicable Final 
Terms or (ii) where the Securities are Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
What documents should I read before purchasing Securities? 
You should read the applicable Issue Terms, together with this Base Prospectus (including the 
information incorporated by reference in it), before deciding to purchase any Securities. 
This Base Prospectus will be supplemented and replaced after the date hereof from time to time. If you 
purchase Securities after the date of the applicable Issue Terms, you should review the most recent 
version (if any) of this Base Prospectus and each supplement thereafter up to (and including) the date of 
purchase to ensure that you have the most up to date information on the Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor on which to base your investment decision (note that the terms and conditions of the Securities 
will remain as described in the applicable Issue Terms and the version of the Base Prospectus described 
in the Issue Terms, subject to any amendments notified to Holders). Each supplement and replacement 
version 
(if 
any) 
to 
the 
Base 
Prospectus 
can 
be 
found 
on 
(www.luxse.com) 
and 
(https://sp.jpmorgan.com/spweb/index.html). 
What are the principal risks? 
An investment in Securities is subject to a number of risks, as described in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" below.  
Securities are speculative investments, and returns may at times be volatile and losses may occur quickly 
and in unanticipated magnitude. Depending on the particular "Payout Conditions" (as described in this 
Base Prospectus and as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), you may bear the risk of losing some or 
up to all of your investment depending on the performance of the Reference Asset(s) to which your 
Securities are linked.  
Even if the relevant Securities provide for a minimum scheduled amount payable at maturity, you could 
still lose some or up to all of your investment where (i) the relevant Issuer (and, if applicable, the 
Guarantor) becomes insolvent or otherwise fails to meet its payment (or delivery) obligations under the 
Securities, (ii) you are able to sell your Securities prior to maturity (which may not be the case, as there 
may not be a secondary market for them), but the amount you receive is less than what you paid for them, 
(iii) your Securities are redeemed or terminated by the relevant Issuer prior to maturity due to the 
occurrence of one or more specified events as provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, and 
the amount you receive on such early redemption or termination is less than what you paid for the 
Securities or (iv) the terms and conditions of your Securities are unilaterally adjusted by the relevant 
Issuer due to the occurrence of one or more specified events as described in the terms and conditions of 
the Securities, resulting in a reduced return.

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
You should not acquire any Securities unless you (whether by yourself or in conjunction with your 
financial adviser) understand the nature of the relevant Securities and the extent of your exposure to 
potential loss on the Securities, and any investment in Securities must be consistent with your overall 
investment strategy. You (whether by yourself or in conjunction with your financial adviser) should 
consider carefully whether the particular Securities are suitable for you in the light of your investment 
objectives, financial capabilities and expertise. You should consult your own legal, tax, accountancy, 
regulatory, investment and other professional advisers as may be required to assist you in determining 
the suitability of the Securities for you as an investment.  
You should read, in particular, the sections of this Base Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" and 
"Commonly Asked Questions" for important information prior to making any decision to purchase 
Securities. 
The Securities, the Guarantee and, in certain instances, the securities to be delivered upon redemption or 
exercise of the Securities, if any, have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and 
trading in the Securities and the Guarantee have not been approved by the CFTC under the Commodity 
Exchange Act. The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the Guarantee have not been 
and will not be registered under the rules of the OCC. Subject to certain exceptions, the Securities and 
the Guarantee may not be offered, sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised or redeemed 
at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person that is not an 
affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer, except, in respect of Rule 144A 
Securities and of Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities being sold in accordance with Rule 144A, in 
accordance with Rule 144A and in reliance upon the relevant exemptions from state securities laws and 
any other applicable laws of other jurisdictions and an exemption under the Commodity Exchange Act. 
Hedging transactions involving "equity securities" of "domestic issuers" (as each such term is defined in 
the Securities Act and regulations thereunder) may be conducted only in compliance with the Securities 
Act, and hedging transactions may be conducted only in compliance with the Commodity Exchange Act. 
Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer under the 
Securities 
Under the terms and conditions of the Securities, following the occurrence of certain events outside of 
the control of JPMorgan Chase (as defined below), the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer may exercise 
discretion to take one or more of the actions available to it in order to deal with the impact of such event 
on the Securities or (if applicable) the Issuer's hedging arrangements. Any such discretionary 
determinations could have a material adverse impact on the value of and return on the Securities. An 
overview of the potential for discretionary determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer under 
the Securities is provided in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Overview of the Potential for 
Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer".

--- Page 7 ---
Important Notices 
 
1 
 
 
Status of the Securities 
The Securities are secured (such security being granted by J.P. Morgan Securities plc, J.P. Morgan 
SE or such other entity named as Collateral Provider in the applicable Constituting Instrument 
(as defined below) in respect of the Relevant Series of Securities (as defined below) (the "Collateral 
Provider") (which shall be specified in the relevant Issue Terms)) and unsubordinated general 
obligations of the relevant Issuer and not of any affiliate of that Issuer.  
Status of the Guarantee 
The Guarantee is an unsecured and unsubordinated general obligation of JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. and not of any of its affiliates. 
Status of the Securities issued by, and the Guarantee of, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the Guarantee: (i) are not savings 
accounts or deposits of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or any bank or non-bank subsidiary of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.; and (ii) subject to the Security Interests in respect of the Series of 
Securities (where the Type of Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being Single 
Series Collateral Pool) or the Linked Series of Securities (where the Type of Collateral Pool is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being Multiple Series Collateral Pool) granted by the 
Collateral Provider to the Security Trustee for the benefit of itself, any appointee thereof and the 
Holders of such Series of Securities or the Linked Holders of the Linked Series of Securities, 
respectively, will rank pari passu with all unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. except obligations, including U.S. domestic deposits of JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A., that are subject to any priorities or preferences by law. 
Neither the Securities nor the Guarantee are covered by any deposit insurance protection scheme. 
Neither the Securities nor the Guarantee are deposits insured by the U.S. Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC"), the U.S. Deposit Insurance Fund or any other governmental 
agency or instrumentality, in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. 
Offering restrictions in the European Economic Area 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent that sub-paragraph 
(ii) below may apply, any offer of Securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area 
(each, a "Member State") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Securities. Accordingly, any 
person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of Securities which are the 
subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation to the offer of those Securities may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the Issuer or the Dealers to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State and (in either 
case) published, all in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by Final Terms which specify that offers may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that Member State and 
such offer is made on or prior to the date specified for such purpose in such prospectus or Final 
Terms, as applicable. Except to the extent that sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, none of the 
Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealers have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any 
offer of Securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises pursuant to the EU Prospectus 
Regulation for the Issuer or the Dealers to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or

--- Page 8 ---
Important Notices 
 
2 
 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, 
the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the European Economic 
Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation.  
Notwithstanding the above paragraph, in the case where the Issue Terms in respect of any 
Securities does not specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" to be not applicable but 
where the Dealer subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation in respect of such Securities, then following such publication, the prohibition 
on the offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the 
European Economic Area as described in the above paragraph and in such legend shall no longer 
apply. 
Offering restrictions in the United Kingdom 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Securities in the United 
Kingdom will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Securities, where "UK Prospectus Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA") and regulations made thereunder. 
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in the United Kingdom of Securities 
which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation to the offer of those Securities may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealers to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealers have authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any offer of Securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises pursuant to section 
85 of the FSMA or the UK Prospectus Regulation for the Issuer or the Dealers to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
Notwithstanding the above paragraph, in the case where the Issue Terms in respect of any 
Securities does not specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" to be not applicable but 
where the Dealer subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation in respect of such Securities, then following such publication, the prohibition 
on the offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the United 
Kingdom as described in the above paragraph and in such legend shall no longer apply.

--- Page 9 ---
Important Notices 
 
3 
 
Certain U.S. restrictions and other disclosure 
The Securities, the Guarantee and, in certain instances, the securities to be delivered upon redemption or 
exercise of the Securities, if any, have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and 
trading in the Securities and the Guarantee has not been approved by CFTC under the Commodity 
Exchange Act. The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the Guarantee have not been 
and will not be registered under the rules of the OCC.  
The Securities and the Guarantee are being offered and sold only (i) outside the United States to non-
U.S. Persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"); provided that such 
Securities may also be sold to U.S. Persons that are affiliates (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities 
Act) of the Issuer, and (ii) in the case of Rule 144A Securities and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities 
being offered or sold in reliance on Rule 144A, to qualified institutional buyers ("QIBs") (as defined in 
Rule 144A) that are also Eligible Investors (as defined herein) at the time of sale in reliance on Rule 
144A under the Securities Act. The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the Guarantee 
may also be offered or sold in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Section 3(a)(2) thereof and will be offered and sold pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the OCC (including, in the case of offers or sales outside the United 
States, in compliance with Regulation S as such regulation is incorporated into the regulations of the 
OCC pursuant to 12 C.F.R. Section 16.5(g)).  
The Securities and the Guarantee may not be offered, sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, 
exercised or redeemed at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any 
U.S. Person (provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to a U.S. Person that is an affiliate 
(as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer), except, in the case of Rule 144A 
Securities and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities being sold in accordance with Rule 144A, in 
accordance with Rule 144A and in reliance upon the relevant exemptions from state securities laws and 
any other applicable laws of other jurisdictions and an exemption under the Commodity Exchange Act. 
Hedging transactions involving "equity securities" of "domestic issuers" (as each such term is defined in 
the Securities Act and regulations thereunder) may be conducted only in compliance with the Securities 
Act, and hedging transactions must be conducted only in compliance with the Commodity Exchange 
Act. 
Investors are hereby notified that sellers of the Securities may be relying on the exemption from the 
provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
JPMSP (as defined herein) has not registered, nor intends to register, as an investment company under 
the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act").  
For a description of certain additional restrictions on offers and sales of the Securities, on distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the relevant Issue Terms and of certain agreements and representations that any 
person who purchases Securities at any time is required to make, or is deemed to have made, as a 
condition to purchasing such Security or any legal or beneficial interest therein, see the sections entitled 
"Subscription and Sale" and "Purchaser representations and requirements and transfer restrictions".  
Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") nor any State securities 
commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority has approved or 
disapproved of the Securities and the Guarantee nor passed upon or endorsed the merits of the 
offering of the Securities or adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary 
is a criminal offence in the United States. The OCC has not approved or disapproved of the 
Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or the Guarantee or determined that this Base 
Prospectus is accurate or complete. 
General restriction on distribution of this Base Prospectus 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Securities in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the 
Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the Arranger, The Bank of New York Mellon (the "Principal 
Programme Agent", a "Paying Agent" and a "Transfer Agent"), The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch (a "Paying Agent", the "Registrar", a "Transfer Agent" and the 
"Collateral Custodian (Lux)"), The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch (the "Collateral

--- Page 10 ---
Important Notices 
 
4 
 
Custodian (UK)") and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (and its successors from time 
to time) (the "Security Trustee") to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The 
publication of this Base Prospectus is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of 
any financial instrument in any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation would violate the laws of 
such jurisdiction. 
No other person is authorised to give information on the Securities beyond what is in this Base 
Prospectus and related Issue Terms 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than as 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Securities and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
relevant Issuer, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as guarantor under the Guarantee in respect of Securities 
issued by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V., any of the Dealers, J.P. Morgan Securities plc as 
arranger (the "Arranger"), the Principal Programme Agent, each Paying Agent, each Transfer Agent, 
the Registrar, the Collateral Custodian (Lux), the Collateral Custodian (UK) or the Security Trustee.  
The information in this Base Prospectus (and any supplement) is subject to change 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor (if applicable) since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of 
the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, 
the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Important Swiss notice 
The Securities do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning 
of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes and they are neither subject to approval 
nor supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA") and investors 
are exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor. 
Disclaimer by Arranger and Dealers 
The Arranger, the Dealers, the Principal Programme Agent, each Paying Agent, each Transfer Agent, 
the Registrar, the Collateral Custodian (Lux), the Collateral Custodian (UK) and the Security Trustee 
have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the Arranger, 
any of the Dealers, the Principal Programme Agent, each Paying Agent, each Transfer Agent, the 
Registrar, the Collateral Custodian (Lux), the Collateral Custodian (UK) or the Security Trustee makes 
any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or 
completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. None of the Arranger or any of the 
Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of any of the Issuers or the Guarantor 
during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any potential 
purchaser or Holder of Securities of any information coming to the attention of the Arranger, any of the 
Dealers, the Principal Programme Agent, each Paying Agent, each Transfer Agent, the Registrar, the 
Collateral Custodian (Lux), the Collateral Custodian (UK) or the Security Trustee. 
Not a basis for a credit or other evaluation and not a recommendation to purchase Securities 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation, and should 
not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Dealers, 
the Principal Programme Agent, each Paying Agent, each Transfer Agent, the Registrar, the Collateral 
Custodian (Lux), the Collateral Custodian (UK) or the Security Trustee that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus should purchase the Securities. Each potential purchaser of Securities should determine for 
himself or herself or itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any 
purchase of Securities should be based upon such investigation as such potential purchaser deems 
necessary.

--- Page 11 ---
Important Notices 
 
5 
 
Important Dutch notice 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. has not received authorisation from De Nederlandsche Bank NV for the 
pursuit of the business of a bank in The Netherlands and is not licensed pursuant to section 2:11(1) of 
the Netherlands Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). However, it is permitted to 
issue Securities in The Netherlands under the Netherlands Financial Supervision Act. 
Stabilising legend 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Securities, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Issue 
Terms may over-allot Securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Securities is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Securities and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Securities. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Euronext Dublin's GEM 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
("Euronext Dublin") as base listing particulars pursuant to the listing and admission to trading rules of 
Euronext Dublin ("GEM Rules") in connection with the admission to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin and to trading on the Global Exchange Market ("GEM") of Euronext Dublin of Securities issued 
by JPMSP and JPMorgan Chase Bank. 
The Form of Pricing Supplement has also been approved by Euronext Dublin pursuant to the GEM Rules 
in connection with the admission to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the GEM of 
Securities issued by JPMSP and JPMorgan Chase Bank. 
CREST Depository Interests 
If specified in the relevant Issue Terms, investors may hold indirect interests in Securities issued by 
JPMSP through Euroclear UK & International Limited ("CREST") through the issuance of 
dematerialised depository interests ("CDIs"). CDIs are independent securities constituted under English 
law and transferred through CREST and will be issued by CREST Depository Limited or any successor 
thereto pursuant to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (as subsequently modified, supplemented 
and/or restated). See "Book-Entry Clearing Systems" below for more information in relation to CDIs. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to a base 
rate, an index or a combination of indices. Any such base rate or index may constitute a benchmark for 
the purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation"). If any such base rate or index does constitute such a benchmark the applicable Final Terms 
will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA Register"). 
Not every base rate or index will fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Furthermore, 
transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a 
particular benchmark is not required to appear in the ESMA Register at the date of the applicable Final 
Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of 
public record and, save where required by applicable law, we do not intend to update the applicable Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") is provided by the European Money Markets Institute 
("EMMI"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the ESMA Register. 
The Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR" or "EuroSTR") is provided by the European Central Bank (the 
"ECB"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ECB does not appear on the ESMA Register.

--- Page 12 ---
Important Notices 
 
6 
 
The Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(the "New York Federal Reserve"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the New York Federal 
Reserve does not appear on the ESMA Register. 
The Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") is provided by the Bank of England. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the Bank of England does not appear on the ESMA Register. 
The Tokyo Overnight Average Rate ("TONA") is provided by the Bank of Japan. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Bank of Japan does not appear on the ESMA Register. 
As far as the Issuers are aware, the ECB as administrator of €STR, the New York Federal Reserve as 
administrator of SOFR, the Bank of England as administrator of SONIA and the Bank of Japan as 
administrator of TONA are not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. 
Defined terms 
An index of defined terms is set out on pages 980 to 995 of this Base Prospectus.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to: 
J.P. Morgan 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase" are to JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase Bank" are to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
• 
"Guarantee" are to the guarantee provided by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (in its capacity as 
a guarantor) in respect of Securities issued by JPMSP. 
• 
"JPMSP" are to J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. 
Currencies 
• 
"euro", "EUR" and "€" are to the lawful single currency of the member states of the European 
Union that have adopted and continue to retain a common single currency through monetary 
union in accordance with European Union treaty law (as amended from time to time). 
• 
"Sterling" and "£" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
• 
"U.S.$", "USD", "$" and "U.S. Dollars" are to United States dollars.

--- Page 13 ---
7 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................... 10 
Provides an overview of certain important information in relation to the Programme and this Base 
Prospectus. It is relevant to all Securities. 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................. 16 
Sets out the principal risks inherent in investing in Securities. It is relevant to all Securities. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST ....................................................................................................... 119 
Provides a description of various potential conflicts of interest that JPMorgan Chase is subject to in 
respect of the Securities, and which could have an adverse effect on the Securities. It is relevant to all 
Securities. 
USER'S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ....................................................................... 122 
Provides a guide to navigating the various documents relating to the Securities issued under the Base 
Prospectus and which sections of the Base Prospectus are relevant for particular Securities. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .............................................................. 127 
Incorporates the Registration Document for each Issuer and other information. Each Registration 
Document sets out key information in relation to the relevant Issuer. 
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS .......................................................................................... 136 
Provides answers to some of the questions which investors may have when considering an investment 
in the Securities and provides an introduction to the Issuers, the types of Securities which may be 
issued under the Programme and certain terms of such Securities. It is relevant to all Securities. 
OVERVIEW OF THE POTENTIAL FOR DISCRETIONARY DETERMINATIONS BY THE 
CALCULATION AGENT AND THE ISSUER........................................................................... 181 
Overview of the types of events that could give rise to a discretionary determination by the Calculation 
Agent or the Issuer and the actions available to them to deal with the impact of such events. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES............................................................... 206 
Comprises (I) the General Conditions, (II) the applicable Payout Conditions, (III) the applicable 
Reference Asset Linked Conditions, (IV) where applicable, certain provisions relevant to German 
Securities, (V) where applicable, certain provisions to cater for a benchmark transition event in 
respect of USD LIBOR, (VI) where applicable, certain provisions relating to Belgian Securities, and 
(VII) where applicable, certain provisions relevant to Bond Linked Securities: 
I. 
GENERAL CONDITIONS .............................................................................................. 206 
 
Sets out the terms and conditions that apply to all Securities. 
II. 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS ................................................................................................. 357 
Sets out the additional terms and conditions in relation to the redemption payments and 
interest/coupon payments (if applicable) in respect of the Securities. Only those Payout 
Conditions specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable will apply to a particular 
series of Securities. The Payout Conditions will not be applicable in respect of Credit Linked 
Securities. 
III. 
REFERENCE ASSET LINKED CONDITIONS ........................................................... 451

--- Page 14 ---
8 
 
Each of the following six sections sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities 
linked to a particular Reference Asset. Only those Reference Asset Linked Conditions 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable will apply to an issuance series of 
Securities. 
• 
SHARE LINKED PROVISIONS ........................................................................ 451 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Share Linked 
Securities. 
• 
INDEX LINKED PROVISIONS ......................................................................... 472 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Index Linked 
Securities. 
• 
COMMODITY LINKED PROVISIONS............................................................ 487 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Commodity Linked 
Securities. 
• 
FX LINKED PROVISIONS ................................................................................. 505 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to FX Linked Securities. 
• 
CREDIT LINKED PROVISIONS....................................................................... 515 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Credit Linked 
Securities (including in relation to the redemption payments and interest payments (if 
applicable) in respect of the Credit Linked Securities). 
• 
FUND LINKED PROVISIONS ........................................................................... 596 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Fund Linked Securities. 
IV. 
APPENDIX 1 – PROVISIONS REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS OF 
GERMAN SECURITIES................................................................................................. 617 
Sets out the provisions regarding resolutions of holders of German Securities. 
V. 
APPENDIX 2 – BELGIAN SECURITIES ANNEX ...................................................... 622 
Sets out the supplemental terms and conditions for Belgian Securities. 
VI. 
BOND LINKED PROVISIONS ...................................................................................... 631 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Bond Linked Securities. 
OVERVIEW OF THE COLLATERAL ARRANGEMENTS IN RESPECT OF EACH SERIES 
OF SECURITIES ........................................................................................................................... 646 
Sets out the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities. It is relevant to all 
Securities. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................... 655 
Provides a template for the Final Terms to be used for each issuance of Securities, other than Exempt 
Securities. It is relevant to all Securities (other than Exempt Securities). 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ......................................................................................... 818 
Provides a template for the Pricing Supplement to be used for each issuance of Exempt Securities. It 
is relevant to all Exempt Securities.

--- Page 15 ---
9 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS ..................................................................................................................... 830 
Sets out the use of the proceeds from the sale of Securities. It is relevant to all Securities. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO SUSTAINABLE SECURITIES ......................................... 831 
Sets out information relating to Sustainable Securities. 
LIMITATIONS OF THE GUARANTEE AND FORM OF GUARANTEE ............................. 836 
Sets out the limitations of the guarantee given by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in respect of Securities 
issued by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. as well as the form of such guarantee. It is only 
relevant to Securities issued by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARING SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... 841 
Provides information on the rules and procedures of the relevant clearing system in which the 
Securities may be cleared and settled. It is relevant to all Securities. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ....................................................................................................... 845 
Provides a summary of certain restrictions regarding the offer and sale of the Securities. It is relevant 
to all Securities. 
PURCHASER 
REPRESENTATIONS 
AND 
REQUIREMENTS 
AND 
TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS ............................................................................................................................ 868 
Sets out certain representations and requirements and transfer restrictions with respect to each 
issuance of Securities. It is relevant to all Securities. 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS ..................................................................................... 888 
Provides an overview of certain ERISA considerations. It is relevant to all Securities. 
TAXATION .................................................................................................................................... 893 
Provides an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to the Securities. It is relevant to all 
Securities. 
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION.................................................................................... 968 
Sets out important legal information relating to the Securities. 
GENERAL INFORMATION........................................................................................................ 975 
Provides certain additional information on the Securities, the Base Prospectus, the Programme and 
the Issuers. It is relevant to all Securities. 
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS .................. 978 
Sets out considerations that should be taken into account when reading any statement relating to 
future events and circumstances. It is relevant to all Securities.  
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS .................................................................................................... 980 
An index of all defined terms used in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 16 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
10 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
1 
Issuers and Guarantor 
J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. ("JPMSP") and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (each an 
"Issuer" and together, the "Issuers") may from time to time under the Programme, subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, issue (i) Notes and (ii) Warrants 
or Certificates (together, the "Securities"). Securities issued by JPMSP are guaranteed by 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the "Guarantor"). Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. are not the subject of a guarantee. 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") of each Issuer is as follows: 
• 
JPMSP: XZYUUT6IYN31D9K77X08; 
• 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.: 7H6GLXDRUGQFU57RNE97. 
2 
Information relating to the Issuers and the Guarantor 
(a) 
Description of J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. 
The information relating to JPMSP is set out in the JPMSP Registration Document which 
is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
(b) 
Description of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
The information relating to JPMCB is set out in the JPMCB Registration Document 
which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
3 
Types of Securities 
The Securities may be securities where the interest payment, the redemption amount or amount 
to be paid or delivered on settlement is linked to: 
• 
a share or a depositary receipt representing a share or a basket of shares or depositary 
receipts ("Share Linked Securities");  
• 
an equity index or a basket of equity indices ("Index Linked Securities");  
• 
a commodity, a basket of commodities, a commodity index or a basket of commodity 
indices ("Commodity Linked Securities");  
• 
Share Linked Securities and one or more foreign exchange rates; 
• 
a foreign exchange rate or a basket of foreign exchange rates ("FX Linked Securities"); 
• 
the credit risk of a reference entity such as a company or a sovereign, or a basket of such 
reference entities ("Credit Linked Securities"); 
• 
a share or a unit of a Fund, or a basket of funds ("Fund Linked Securities"); or 
• 
a basket of any of the above reference assets.  
The relevant Issuer may also issue Sustainable Securities comprising: 
• 
"Green Securities" where an amount equal to the net proceeds of such issuance will be 
allocated to fund Eligible Green Projects meeting certain eligibility criteria which may 
include green buildings, renewable and clean energy and sustainable transportation; 
• 
"Social Securities" where an amount equal to the net proceeds of such issuance will be 
allocated to fund Eligible Social Projects meeting certain eligibility criteria which may

--- Page 17 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
11 
 
include small businesses, affordable housing, home ownership, education and healthcare; 
and/or 
• 
"Sustainability Securities" where an amount equal to the net proceeds of such issuance 
will be allocated to fund a combination of Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social 
Projects,  
as described in the section entitled "Information relating to Sustainable Securities" of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The early payment amount of the Securities may also be linked to the value of a reference bond 
("Bond Linked Securities") and a hypothetical derivative. 
The Series of Securities issued by each Issuer will be secured (such security being granted by 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc, J.P. Morgan SE or such other entity named as Collateral Provider in 
the applicable Constituting Instrument (as defined below) in respect of the Relevant Series of 
Securities (as defined below) (the "Collateral Provider") (which shall be specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms)). The provisions relating to these collateral arrangements are further 
described in the section headed "Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each 
Series of Securities". 
4 
Issuance of Securities  
The general conditions of the Securities are set out on pages 206 to 356 (the "General 
Conditions"). The conditions governing the return on the Securities and how it is calculated are 
set out on pages 357 to 450 (the "Payout Conditions"). In relation to: 
• 
any Share Linked Securities, the General Conditions and the applicable Payout 
Conditions will each be completed, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, by the 
additional conditions set out in the Share Linked Provisions (the "Share Linked 
Provisions"); 
• 
any Index Linked Securities, the General Conditions and the applicable Payout 
Conditions will each be completed, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, by the 
additional conditions set out in the Index Linked Provisions (the "Index Linked 
Provisions"); 
• 
any Commodity Linked Securities, the General Conditions and the applicable Payout 
Conditions will each be completed, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, by the 
additional conditions set out in the Commodity Linked Provisions (the "Commodity 
Linked Provisions"); 
• 
any Share Linked Securities which have an exposure to one or more foreign exchange 
rates, the General Conditions and the applicable Payout Conditions will each be 
completed, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, by the additional conditions set 
out in the Share Linked Provisions and the FX Linked Provisions (the "FX Linked 
Provisions"); 
• 
any FX Linked Securities, the General Conditions and the applicable Payout Conditions 
will each be completed, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, by the additional 
conditions set out in the FX Linked Provisions; 
• 
any Credit Linked Securities, the General Conditions will be completed, if so specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, by additional conditions set out in the Credit Linked 
Provisions;  
• 
any Fund Linked Securities, the General Conditions and the applicable Payout 
Conditions will each be completed, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, by the 
additional conditions set out in the Fund Linked Provisions; and

--- Page 18 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
12 
 
• 
any Bond Linked Securities, the General Conditions, the Reference Asset Linked 
Conditions and the applicable Payout Conditions will each be completed, if so specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, by the additional conditions set out in the Bond Linked 
Provisions (the "Bond Linked Provisions"). 
Securities issued under the Programme are issued in series (each, a "Series"), and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches ("Tranches" and each, a "Tranche") of Securities. One or 
more Tranches of Securities will be the subject of an Issue Terms (each, an "Issue Terms"), a 
copy of which may be obtained free of charge from the Specified Office of the Relevant 
Programme Agent. 
5 
Form of Securities 
If "Temporary Bearer Global Security exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global Security" 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Series of Securities in bearer form (other 
than French Bearer Securities) will be represented on issue by a temporary global security in 
bearer form (each a "Temporary Bearer Global Security") exchangeable upon certification of 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership for a permanent global security in bearer form (each a 
"Permanent Bearer Global Security" and, together with each Temporary Bearer Global 
Security, a "Bearer Global Security"). If "Permanent Bearer Global Security" is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Series of Securities in bearer form (other than French 
Bearer Securities) will be represented on issue by a Permanent Bearer Global Security. Each 
Temporary Bearer Global Security and each Permanent Bearer Global Security representing 
Securities other than German Securities will be exchangeable, in limited circumstances, for 
Securities in definitive registered form. No Bearer Securities will be issued in or exchangeable 
into bearer definitive form, whether pursuant to the request of any Holder(s) or otherwise. 
If "Temporary Registered Global Security which is exchangeable for a Permanent Registered 
Global Security" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Series of Securities (other 
than Swiss Securities) in registered form will be represented on issue by a temporary global 
security in registered form (each a "Temporary Registered Global Security") exchangeable 
upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership for a permanent global security in registered 
form (each a "Permanent Registered Global Security" and, together with each Temporary 
Registered Global Security, a "Registered Global Security" and, together with each Bearer 
Global Security, "Global Securities"). Each Temporary Registered Global Security and 
Permanent Registered Global Security will be exchangeable, in limited circumstances, for 
Securities in registered definitive form. Regulation S Securities issued by JPMSP and 
guaranteed by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., under the Programme that are to be accepted for 
Settlement in CREST via the CREST Depository Interest ("CDI") mechanism (the "CREST 
CDI Securities"), and Securities in respect of which "Permanent Registered Global Security" 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, will be represented on issue by a Permanent Registered 
Global Security. 
Global Securities may be deposited on the issue date with a depository, or registered in the name 
of a nominee, on behalf of: 
• 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg");  
• 
Clearstream Banking AG, Eschborn ("Clearstream Frankfurt"); 
• 
the Depository Trust Company ("DTC");  
• 
the Swiss Domestic Settlement System, SIX SIS AG (the "SIX SIS"); and/or  
• 
with a depository for such other clearing system as is specified in the General Conditions 
and/or the relevant Issue Terms.  
The depository on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be a common 
depository.

--- Page 19 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
13 
 
(a) 
New Safekeeping Structure 
Notes represented by Registered Global Securities which are intended to be held under 
the new safekeeping structure ("NSS") shall be delivered on or prior to the issue date to 
a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and registered in the name of a nominee of such Common Safekeeper. 
(b) 
New Global Note 
Notes represented by Bearer Global Securities which are intended to be issued in New 
Global Note ("NGN") form, shall be delivered on or prior to the issue date to the 
Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(c) 
German Securities 
German Securities issued by JPMSP and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Bearer Global Security exchangeable upon 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership for a Permanent Bearer Global Security. 
German Securities will be governed by German law. 
(d) 
French Securities 
Securities issued under the Programme by JPMSP may be in dematerialised form and 
deposited with Euroclear France S.A. ("Euroclear France") as central securities 
depository ("French Securities"). French Securities may be in bearer form (au porteur) 
or in registered form (au nominatif) and will be governed by French law. French 
Securities will not be issued in or exchangeable into definitive form. 
(e) 
Swiss Securities 
Securities cleared through SIX SIS are referred to as "Swiss Securities". Each Tranche 
of Swiss Securities issued by JPMSP and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will be either (i) 
issued in the form of uncertificated securities (einfache Wertrechte) pursuant to article 
973c of the Swiss Code of Obligations (Obligationenrecht) and entered into the main 
register (Hauptregister) of SIX SIS as custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) or (ii) initially 
represented by a single Global Security in registered form that is deposited with SIX SIS 
as central depository, in each case on or prior to the original issue date of such Tranche. 
As a matter of Swiss law, once (i) the uncertificated securities (einfache Wertrechte) 
representing Swiss Securities are entered into the main register of SIX SIS as custodian 
(Verwahrungsstelle) or (ii) a Global Security in registered form representing Swiss 
Securities is deposited with SIX SIS and, in each case, entered into the securities accounts 
of one or more participants of SIX SIS, such Swiss Securities will constitute 
intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) within the meaning of the Swiss Federal 
Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) ("Intermediated Securities"). No 
Holder of Swiss Securities will have the right to effect or demand the conversion of such 
Swiss Securities into, or the delivery of, uncertificated securities (in the case of Swiss 
Securities represented by a Global Security) or Securities in definitive form (in the case 
of either Swiss Securities represented by a Global Security or Swiss Securities issued in 
uncertificated form). However, Swiss Securities will be exchangeable for definitive 
Securities in registered form under the limited circumstances described in the General 
Conditions. 
(f) 
CREST CDI Securities 
CREST CDI Securities will be in Permanent Registered Global Form (and will only be 
exchangeable for definitive Securities in registered form under the limited circumstances 
described in the General Conditions). The Permanent Registered Global Security in 
respect of CREST CDI Securities will be deposited with a common depository for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be accepted for settlement in Euroclear 
UK & International Limited ("CREST") via the CDI mechanism.

--- Page 20 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
14 
 
(g) 
Eurosystem Eligibility 
Registered Notes held under the NSS and Bearer Notes issued in NGN form may be 
issued with the intention that such Notes be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, either 
upon issue or at any time or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria as specified by the European Central 
Bank. However, there is no guarantee that such Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral. Any other Notes are not intended to be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem. 
6 
Programme Agents 
• 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, (or as otherwise specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms) will act as Principal Programme Agent and Paying Agent, Transfer Agent, 
and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, will act as Paying 
Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar, with respect to the Securities.  
• 
BNP Paribas S.A. will act as French Programme Agent in respect of any French 
Securities.  
• 
BNP Paribas S.A. Germany Branch will act as German Programme Agent in respect of 
any German Securities which are cleared through Clearstream Frankfurt. 
• 
UBS AG will act as Swiss Programme Agent and Swiss Registrar in respect of any Swiss 
Securities.  
Each of these agents will together be referred to as "Programme Agents". 
7 
Security 
The Securities are secured obligations. The Collateral Provider will provide collateral (the 
"Collateral") in respect of all Series of Securities issued under the Programme. The Collateral 
will be held in one or more accounts with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or with the 
Collateral Custodian (UK). The Collateral Provider will grant one or more Luxembourg Law 
Pledges over the Collateral held with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and one or more English 
Law Charges over the Collateral held with the Collateral Custodian (UK), depending on the 
accounts in which the Collateral for a particular Series of Securities is to be held.  
The Security Interests shall be granted in favour of the Security Trustee for the benefit of itself, 
any appointee thereof and the Holders of the Series of Securities (where the Type of Collateral 
Pool is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being Single Series Collateral Pool) or the Linked 
Holders of the Linked Series of Securities (where the Type of Collateral Pool is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms as being Multiple Series Collateral Pool). 
The terms and operation of the collateral arrangements with respect to any Series of Securities 
(subject to the following paragraph) depend on (i) whether the Type of Collateral Pool specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms is Single Series Collateral Pool or Multiple Series Collateral Pool, 
(ii) in the case of a Series where Single Series Collateral Pool is specified, whether the Type of 
Collateralisation for such Series is (a) Static Collateral, (b) Margined Collateral or (c) Static and 
Margined Collateral and (iii) in the case where the Type of Collateralisation for such Series is 
either (a) Margined Collateral or (b) Static and Margined Collateral, whether certain accounts 
that may be held with the Collateral Custodian (UK) and/or the Collateral Custodian (Lux) are 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms. In the case of any Series where Multiple Series 
Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Type of Collateral Pool, the Type 
of Collateralisation for such Series will be Margined Collateral. 
Where the Securities are a tranche of Securities which are (i) neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area 
in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under EU Prospectus Regulation 
and (ii) neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the United Kingdom nor offered in 
the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the

--- Page 21 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
15 
 
UK Prospectus Regulation, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base Prospectus, 
the Type of Collateralisation specified in the relevant Issue Terms may be different to "Static 
Collateral", "Margined Collateral" or "Static and Margined Collateral", in which case the 
provisions which govern such different Type of Collateralisation, including (without limitation) 
the custody arrangements with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian 
(UK), and the security arrangements with the Security Trustee, will be set out in the applicable 
documentation. 
8 
Programme limit (in respect of Notes only) 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of Notes (whether issued by JPMSP or JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A.) that may be issued and outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
will not exceed U.S.$2,500,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies at their 
respective dates of issue). There is no limit on the amount of Certificates or Warrants which 
may be outstanding under the Programme.

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
 
16 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in Securities involves substantial risks and is a riskier investment than an investment in 
ordinary debt or equity securities. Also, your Securities are not equivalent to investing directly in the 
underlying reference asset(s) (the "Reference Asset(s)") (if any). 
Each of the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor believes that the following factors may 
affect its ability to fulfil its respective obligations in respect of the Securities and (if applicable) the 
Guarantee and are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks and other risks associated with 
the Securities. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and none of the relevant 
Issuer or (if applicable) Guarantor expresses a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
Aside from the factors discussed below regarding the risks of acquiring or holding any Securities, 
additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to the relevant Issuer or (if applicable) 
Guarantor, or that any of the relevant Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor currently believes to be 
immaterial, could also have a material impact on the business operations or financial condition of the 
relevant Issuer or (if applicable) Guarantor or on the Securities. The "key risks" described in a 
"Summary" to the Final Terms are abbreviated key risks only which are merely summarised versions of 
certain of the risks described below and, therefore, you should read the information in this section. 
You should consider carefully the following discussion of risks to help you decide whether or not the 
Securities are suitable for you. The following discussion of risks comprises both (i) the risk factors set 
out below and (ii) the risk factors incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (including as 
may be supplemented from time to time) as follows:  
• 
risk factors relating to JPMSP from pages 4 to 41 of the Registration Document dated 17 
April 2024 of JPMSP; and 
• 
risk factors relating to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. from pages 4 to 41 of the Registration 
Document dated 17 April 2024 of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 
in each case comprising: 
1. 
Regulatory, Legal and Reputation Risks; 
2. 
Political and Country Risks; 
3. 
Market and Credit Risks; 
4. 
Liquidity and Capital Risks; and 
5. 
Operational, Strategic, Conduct and People Risks. 
Risk warning: You may lose some or all of your investment in the Securities  
 ........................................................................................................................................................  
17 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ABILITY OF THE RELEVANT ISSUER TO FULFIL 
ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE SECURITIES AND (IF APPLICABLE) THE 
GUARANTOR'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE GUARANTEE 
 
1 
The Securities are subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor and the risk of U.S. insolvency and resolution considerations as well as the 
risk relating to other recovery and resolution proceedings ................................................  
18 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSES OF ASSESSING THE 
MARKET RISKS IN RELATION TO THE SECURITIES 
 
2 
Risks related to the valuation, liquidity and offering of the Securities ..............................  
24 
3 
Risks related to the determination of interest or redemption amounts under the Securities
 ...........................................................................................................................................  
27 
4 
Risks related to Securities which are linked to a floating rate of interest or to a swap rate 
and/or to a "benchmark" index ...........................................................................................  
29

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
 
17 
 
5 
Risks related to early redemption provisions and other terms of the Securities .................  
39 
6 
Risks related to Securities that are linked to one or more Reference Asset(s) and risks 
associated with specific types of Reference Asset(s)  ........................................................  
53 
7 
Risks related to conflicts of interest of JPMorgan Chase and its discretionary powers as 
Issuer and Calculation Agent under the Securities .............................................................  
85 
8 
Risks related to taxation .....................................................................................................  
86 
9 
Risks relating to Bond Linked Securities ...........................................................................  
88 
RISKS RELATING TO COLLATERAL ARRANGEMENTS .....................................................  
 
10 
Risks relating to collateral arrangements ...........................................................................  
95 
 
Risk warning: You may lose some or all of your investment in the Securities  
The terms of your particular Securities may not provide for scheduled minimum payment of the 
face value or issue price of the Securities at maturity or upon early redemption. In such case, 
depending on the performance of the Relevant Asset(s) (if any), or, in the case of Bond Linked 
Securities, if a Reference Obligor Event or other early redemption event occurs, on the value of 
the Reference Bond and the Hypothetical Derivative, and how much you paid for the Securities, 
you may lose some and up to all of your investment. 
Subject to the Security Interests in respect of the Series of Securities (where the Type of Collateral 
Pool is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being Single Series Collateral Pool) or the Linked 
Series of Securities (where the Type of Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as 
being Multiple Series Collateral Pool) granted by the Collateral Provider to the Security Trustee 
for the benefit of itself, any appointee thereof and the Holders of such Series of Securities or the 
Linked Holders of the Linked Series of Securities, respectively, the payment of any amount due 
under the Securities is subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) Guarantor. 
The Securities are not deposits and are not protected under any deposit protection insurance 
scheme. Therefore, subject to the Security Interests, if the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) 
Guarantor fail or are otherwise unable to meet their payment (or delivery) obligations on the 
Securities, you may lose up to the entire value of your investment. See Risk Factor 1 "The Securities 
are subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor and the risk of 
U.S. insolvency and resolution considerations as well as the risk relating to other recovery and 
resolution proceedings" below.  
You may also lose some or all of your investment where: 
• 
the market price of your Securities prior to maturity may be significantly lower than the 
purchase price you pay for them. Consequently, if you sell your Securities before the stated 
maturity date, you may receive far less than your original invested amount. See Risk 
Factor 2.2 "The market value and the price at which you may be able to sell your Securities 
prior to maturity may be at a substantial discount to the original issue price of the Securities, 
and you may lose some or up to all of your investment in any such secondary sale" below;  
• 
your Securities may be redeemed in certain circumstances for reasons not in the control 
of the Issuer and, in such case, the early redemption amount paid to you may be less than 
what you paid for the Securities. See Risk Factor 5.1 "The Securities may be redeemed or 
terminated (as applicable) prior to their scheduled maturity for various unforeseen reasons, 
and in such case you may receive back less than your original investment and you may not 
be able to reinvest the proceeds in an equivalent investment" below;  
• 
your Securities are subject to certain adjustments in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Securities that may result in the scheduled amount to be paid or asset(s) 
to be delivered upon redemption being reduced to, or being valued at an amount less than, 
your initial investment; or 
• 
the market value of, if the Type of Collateralisation is specified for any Series of Securities 
in the relevant Issue Terms is (i) "Static Collateral", the collateral held with the Collateral

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
 
18 
 
Custodian (Lux) or (ii) "Static and Margined Collateral", the collateral held in the Static 
Collateral Account (as defined in the section headed "Overview of the collateral 
arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities") held with the Collateral Custodian 
(Lux), declines.  
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ABILITY OF THE RELEVANT ISSUER TO FULFIL 
ITS 
OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER 
THE 
SECURITIES 
AND 
(IF 
APPLICABLE) 
THE 
GUARANTOR'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE GUARANTEE 
1 
The Securities are subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor and the risk of U.S. insolvency and resolution considerations as well as the risk 
relating to other recovery and resolution proceedings  
1.1 
General 
Subject to the Security Interests in respect of the Series of Securities (where the Type of 
Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being Single Series Collateral Pool) 
or the Linked Series of Securities (where the Type of Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms as being Multiple Series Collateral Pool) granted by the Collateral Provider to the 
Security Trustee for the benefit of itself, any appointee thereof and the Holders of such Series 
of Securities or the Linked Holders of the Linked Series of Securities, respectively, the 
Securities are subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor, 
and changes in their respective credit ratings and credit spreads may adversely affect the market 
value of the Securities. Investors are dependent on the relevant Issuer's and (if applicable) 
Guarantor's ability to pay (or deliver, as applicable) all amounts due on the Securities, and 
therefore investors are subject to the credit risk of such JPMorgan Chase entities and to changes 
in the market's view of the creditworthiness of such JPMorgan Chase entities. Any decline in 
such credit ratings or increase in the credit spreads charged by the market for taking credit risk 
on such JPMorgan Chase entities is likely to adversely affect the value of the Securities. If the 
relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor were to default on its payment or other 
obligations, you may not receive any amounts owed to you under the Securities and could lose 
up to your entire investment.  
1.2 
Status of the Guarantee and of Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  
The Guarantee and the Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (i) are secured (in the 
case of the Securities, such security being granted by the Collateral Provider) and unsecured (in 
the case of the Guarantee) and unsubordinated general obligations of JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. and not of any of its affiliates, (ii) are not savings accounts or deposits of JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. or any bank or non-bank subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and (iii) subject 
to the Security Interests in respect of the Series of Securities (where the Type of Collateral Pool 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being Single Series Collateral Pool) or the Linked 
Series of Securities (where the Type of Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
as being Multiple Series Collateral Pool) granted by the Collateral Provider to the Security 
Trustee for the benefit of itself, any appointee thereof and the Holders of such Series of 
Securities or the Linked Holders of the Linked Series of Securities, respectively, will rank pari 
passu with all unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 
except obligations, including U.S. domestic deposits of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., that are 
subject to any priorities or preferences by law. 
Neither the Securities nor the Guarantee issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. are deposits 
insured by the FDIC, the U.S. Deposit Insurance Fund or any other governmental agency or 
instrumentality. In particular, U.S. federal legislation adopted in 1993 provides for a preference 
in right of payment of certain claims made in the liquidation or other resolution of any FDIC-
insured depository institution, which includes JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The statute requires 
claims to be paid in the following order: 
• 
first, administrative expenses of the receiver; 
• 
second, any deposit liability of the institution;

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
 
19 
 
• 
third, any other general or senior liability of the institution not described below; 
• 
fourth, any obligation subordinated to depositors or general creditors not described 
below; and 
• 
fifth, any obligation to shareholders or members (including any depository institution 
holding company or any shareholder or creditor of such company). 
Deposit liabilities has been interpreted by the FDIC to include any deposit payable at an office 
of the insured depository institution in the United States, and not to include international banking 
facility deposits or deposits payable at an office of the insured depository institution outside the 
United States. 
1.3 
There are risks that may affect the relevant Issuer's and (if applicable) the Guarantor's 
ability to fulfil their respective obligations under the Securities and (if applicable) the 
Guarantee 
You should read the risk factors in relation to the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (including as may be 
supplemented from time to time), as set out in "Documents Incorporated by Reference" 
below. Such factors could materially adversely affect the business of JPMorgan Chase and 
consequently the ability of the relevant Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Securities and 
(if applicable) the ability of the Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee. Each 
such risks could adversely affect the trading value (if any) of the Securities. Investors could 
lose some or all of their investment. 
1.4 
Risks relating to recovery and resolution proceedings 
Regulators in the U.S., Europe and other jurisdictions continue to develop 'resolution and 
recovery' measures designed to ensure long term financial and economic stability and minimise 
costs to the public in the event of the potential failure of one or more large financial institutions. 
These measures include providing resolution authorities with extensive tools and powers to deal 
with a failing financial institution, including potentially the power to "bail-in" certain of its and 
its subsidiaries' liabilities by writing them down or converting them into equity. You may lose 
some or all of your return on the Securities as a result of these measures. Resolution and 
recovery measures are very recent and untested developments in the financial markets, and they 
introduce substantial new risks that investors should consider prior to investing in Securities. 
These risks include: 
(a) 
In certain circumstances, JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
could be subject to resolution proceedings 
U.S. requirements for the orderly resolution of JPMorgan Chase could require JPMorgan 
Chase to restructure or reorganise its business. Holders of Securities would be at risk of 
losing some or all of their investment if JPMorgan Chase were to enter into a resolution 
process, or even if such an outcome were suggested. See Risk Factor 1 "Regulatory, 
Legal and Reputation Risks" and Risk Factor 4 "Liquidity and Capital Risks" both of 
which are set out in the risk factors in each of the Registration Documents incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference" below. 
(b) 
In certain circumstances, the Hedging Entity or its counterparty to the related 
Underlying Hedge Transactions under the Securities could be subject to resolution 
proceedings 
In the event of a substantial deterioration in the Hedging Entity's or its counterparty's 
financial condition, the relevant resolution authority could take resolution action with 
respect to the Hedging Entity or its counterparty, including by exercising the "bail-in" 
tool or other resolution measures. As a result of any such resolution proceeding, the 
Issuer may terminate the Securities prior to their scheduled maturity, and for an amount 
that may be less than the original purchase price of the Securities. See Risk Factor 5.4

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
 
20 
 
"Where applicable, the Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior 
to their scheduled maturity due to the occurrence of an Extraordinary Hedge Disruption 
Event" below. 
(c) 
Resolution proceedings in respect of a relevant institution may have a material 
negative effect on Securities linked to one or more Underlying Asset(s) affected by 
such proceedings. 
If your Securities are linked to one or more Underlying Asset(s), the commencement of 
resolution proceedings in respect of a relevant institution could have a material negative 
effect on your Securities. For example, where: 
• 
for Securities linked to a share, the company which has issued the shares enters 
into resolution proceedings during the term of the Securities; 
• 
for Securities linked to a depositary receipt, the company which has issued the 
underlying shares represented by the depositary receipts or the issuer of the 
depositary receipts enters into resolution proceedings during the term of the 
Securities; 
• 
for Securities linked to an index, one or more issuers of the shares comprising the 
relevant index enters into resolution proceedings during the term of the Securities; 
• 
for Securities linked to a share or a unit of an exchange traded fund or a mutual 
fund, one or more issuers of shares comprising the fund underlying benchmark or 
the management company enters into resolution proceedings during the terms of 
the Securities; and 
• 
for Securities linked to the credit of a reference entity, the reference entity enters 
into resolution proceedings during the term of the Securities. 
1.5 
There are regulatory, legal and reputation risks 
See the following risk factors as incorporated by reference from each of the JPMSP Registration 
Document and the JPMCB Registration Document under the caption "Risk Factors", in the 
following order: 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase's businesses are highly regulated, and the laws, rules and regulations 
that apply to JPMorgan Chase have a significant impact on its business and operations" 
at page 5 of each JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration 
Document; 
• 
"Differences and inconsistencies in financial services regulation and supervision can 
negatively impact JPMorgan Chase's businesses, operations and financial results" at 
pages 5 to 7 of each JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration 
Document; 
• 
"Resolving regulatory investigations can subject JPMorgan Chase to significant penalties 
and collateral consequences, and could result in higher compliance costs or restrictions 
on its operations" at pages 7 to 8 of each JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMCB 
Registration Document; 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase's operations and financial results can be negatively impacted in 
jurisdictions with less predictable legal and regulatory frameworks" at pages 8 to 9 of 
each JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"Requirements for the orderly resolution of JPMorgan Chase could result in JPMorgan 
Chase having to restructure or reorganise its businesses and could increase its funding or 
operational costs or curtail its businesses" at page 9 of each JPMSP Registration 
Document and the JPMCB Registration Document;

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
 
21 
 
• 
"Holders of JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s debt and equity securities will absorb losses if it 
were to enter into a resolution" at pages 9 to 10 of each JPMSP Registration Document 
and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase faces significant legal risks from litigation and formal and informal 
regulatory and government investigations" at page 10 of each JPMSP Registration 
Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is affected by the risks that affects its parent company" at 
page 10 of each JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"Damage to JPMorgan Chase's reputation could harm its businesses" at pages 11 to 12 
of each JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; and 
• 
"Failure to effectively manage potential conflicts of interest or to satisfy fiduciary 
obligations can result in litigation and enforcement actions, as well as damage JPMorgan 
Chase's reputation" at pages 12 to 13 of each JPMSP Registration Document and the 
JPMCB Registration Document. 
1.6 
There are political and country risks 
See the following risk factors as incorporated by reference from each of the JPMSP Registration 
Document and the JPMCB Registration Document under the caption "Risk Factors", in the 
following order: 
• 
"Economic uncertainty or instability caused by political or geopolitical developments 
can negatively impact JPMorgan Chase's businesses" at pages 13 to 15 of each JPMSP 
Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"An outbreak or escalation of hostilities between countries or within a country or region 
could have a material adverse effect on the global economy and on JPMorgan Chase's 
businesses within the affected region or globally" at page 15 of each JPMSP Registration 
Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; and 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase's business and operations in certain countries can be adversely affected 
by local economic, political, regulatory and social factors" at pages 15 to 16 of each 
JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration Document. 
1.7 
There are market and credit risks 
See the following risk factors as incorporated by reference from each of the JPMSP Registration 
Document and the JPMCB Registration Document under the caption "Risk Factors", in the 
following order: 
• 
"Economic and market events and conditions can materially affect JPMorgan Chase's 
businesses and investment and market-making positions" at pages 16 to 17 of each 
JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase's consumer businesses can be negatively affected by adverse 
economic conditions and governmental policies" at pages 17 to 18 of each JPMSP 
Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"Unfavourable market and economic conditions can have an adverse effect on JPMorgan 
Chase's wholesale businesses" at pages 18 to 19 of each JPMSP Registration Document 
and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"Changes in interest rates and credit spreads can adversely affect JPMorgan Chase's 
earnings, its liquidity or its capital levels" at pages 19 to 20 of each JPMSP Registration 
Document and the JPMCB Registration Document;

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
 
22 
 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase's results may be materially affected by market fluctuations and 
significant changes in the value of financial instruments" at page 20 of each JPMSP 
Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase can be negatively affected by adverse changes in the financial 
condition of clients, counterparties, custodians and CCPs" at pages 20 to 21 of each 
JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase may suffer losses if the value of collateral declines in stressed market 
conditions" at pages 21 to 22 of each JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMCB 
Registration Document; and 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase could incur significant losses arising from concentrations of credit and 
market risk" at page 22 of each JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMCB 
Registration Document. 
1.8 
There are liquidity and capital risk 
See the following risk factors as incorporated by reference from each of the JPMSP Registration 
Document and the JPMCB Registration Document under the caption "Risk Factors", in the 
following order: 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase's ability to operate its businesses could be impaired if its liquidity is 
constrained" at pages 22 to 23 of each JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMCB 
Registration Document; 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a holding company and depends on the cash flows of its 
subsidiaries to make payments on its outstanding securities" at pages 23 to 24 of each 
JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"Reductions in JPMorgan Chase's credit ratings may adversely affect its liquidity and 
cost of funding" at page 24 of each JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMCB 
Registration Document; and 
• 
"Maintaining the required level and composition of capital may impact JPMorgan 
Chase's ability to support business activities, meet evolving regulatory requirements and 
distribute capital to shareholders" at page 25 of each JPMSP Registration Document and 
the JPMCB Registration Document. 
1.9 
There are operational, strategic, conduct and people risks 
See the following risk factors as incorporated by reference from each of the JPMSP Registration 
Document and the JPMCB Registration Document under the caption "Risk Factors", in the 
following order: 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase's businesses are dependent on the effectiveness of internal and external 
operational systems" at pages 25 to 27 of each JPMSP Registration Document and the 
JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"A successful cyber-attack affecting JPMorgan Chase could cause significant harm to 
JPMorgan Chase and its clients and customers" at pages 27 to 30 of each JPMSP 
Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase can be negatively affected if it fails to identify and address operational 
risks associated with the introduction of or changes to products, services and delivery 
platforms or the adoption of new technologies" at pages 30 to 31 of each JPMSP 
Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase's business and operations rely on its ability, and the ability of key 
external parties, to maintain appropriately-staffed workforces, and on the competence,

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
 
23 
 
trustworthiness, health and safety of employees" at page 31 of each JPMSP Registration 
Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase faces substantial legal and operational risks in the processing and 
safeguarding of personal information" at pages 31 to 32 of each JPMSP Registration 
Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase's operations, results and reputation could be harmed by occurrences 
of extraordinary events beyond its control" at pages 32 to 34 of each JPMSP Registration 
Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase's acquisition of certain assets and liabilities of First Republic Bank 
may not result in all of the benefits anticipated" at page 34 of each JPMSP Registration 
Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"Enhanced regulatory and other standards for the oversight of vendors and other service 
providers can result in higher costs and other potential exposures" at page 34 of each 
JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase's risk management framework and control environment may not be 
effective in identifying and mitigating every risk to JPMorgan Chase" at pages 34 to 35 
of each JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase could recognise unexpected losses, its capital levels could be reduced 
and it could face greater regulatory scrutiny if its models, estimations or judgments, 
including those used in its financial statements, are inadequate or incorrect" at pages 35 
to 36 of each JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"Lapses in controls over disclosure or financial reporting could materially affect 
JPMorgan Chase's profitability or reputation" at pages 36 to 37 of each JPMSP 
Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"If JPMorgan Chase's management fails to develop and execute effective business 
strategies, and to anticipate changes affecting those strategies, JPMorgan Chase's 
competitive standing and results could suffer" at pages 37 to 38 of each JPMSP 
Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase faces significant and increasing competition in the rapidly evolving 
financial services industry" at pages 38 to 39 of each JPMSP Registration Document and 
the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"The effects of climate change could adversely affect JPMorgan Chase's business and 
operations, both directly and as a result of impacts on its clients and customers" at page 
39 of each JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"Conduct failure by JPMorgan Chase employees can harm clients and customers, impact 
market integrity, damage JPMorgan Chase's reputation and trigger litigation and 
regulatory action" at pages 39 to 41 of each JPMSP Registration Document and the 
JPMCB Registration Document; 
• 
"JPMorgan Chase's ability to attract and retain qualified and diverse employees is critical 
to its success" at page 41 of each JPMSP Registration Document and the JPMCB 
Registration Document; and 
• 
"Unfavourable changes in immigration or travel policies could adversely affect 
JPMorgan Chase's businesses and operations" at page 41 of each JPMSP Registration 
Document and the JPMCB Registration Document. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSES OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS IN RELATION TO THE SECURITIES

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
 
24 
 
2 
Risks related to the valuation, liquidity and offering of the Securities 
2.1 
The market value of the Securities on the Issue Date will likely be lower than their original 
issue price  
As at the Issue Date, the issue price of the Securities will likely be more than the market value 
of such Securities, and more than the price, if any, at which the Dealer or any other person would 
be willing to purchase the Securities in secondary market transactions. In particular, (a) where 
permitted by applicable law, the Issue Price may take into account amounts with respect to 
commissions relating to the issue and sale of the Securities and (b) amounts relating to the 
hedging of the Issuer's obligations under such Securities, including the profits JPMorgan Chase 
expects to realise in consideration for assuming the risks inherent in providing such hedge. 
Accordingly, the issue price of the Securities as at the issue date is likely to be more than the 
initial market value of the Securities, and this could result in a loss if you sell the Securities prior 
to their scheduled redemption. 
2.2 
The market value and the price at which you may be able to sell your Securities prior to 
maturity may be at a substantial discount to the original issue price of the Securities, and 
you may lose some or up to all of your investment in any such secondary sale  
Any secondary market prices of the Securities will likely be lower than the original issue price 
of the Securities because, among other things, secondary market prices take into account the 
secondary market credit spreads of the Issuer (and, if applicable, the Guarantor) and, also, 
because secondary market prices (a) exclude selling commissions and (b) may exclude projected 
hedging profits, if any, and estimated hedging costs that are included in the original issue price 
of the Securities. As a result, the price, if any, at which the Dealer or any other person would be 
willing to buy Securities from you in secondary market transactions, if at all, is likely to be 
lower than the original issue price. Any sale of the Securities by you prior to their scheduled 
redemption could result in a substantial loss. 
2.3 
Prior to their scheduled redemption, the value of the Securities will be influenced by many 
factors and cannot be predicted 
(a) 
Factors that may affect the value of the Securities 
Many economic and market factors will influence the value of the Securities. Generally, 
the value of the Reference Asset(s) on any day will likely affect the value of the 
Securities more than any other single factor. However, you should not expect the value 
of the Securities in the secondary market to vary in proportion to changes in the value of 
the Reference Asset(s). The value of the Securities will be affected by a number of other 
factors that may either offset or magnify each other, including, but not limited to: 
• 
the creditworthiness of the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor, including 
actual or anticipated downgrades in their respective credit ratings; 
• 
the actual and expected frequency and magnitude of changes in the value of any 
Reference Asset(s) (i.e., volatility); 
• 
the remaining time to maturity of the Securities;  
• 
depending on the type of Reference Asset(s): 
• 
the dividend rate on a Share or on the equity securities underlying an Index 
(while not paid to Holders of the Securities, dividend payments on a Share 
or on any equity securities underlying an Index may influence the value of 
the Reference Asset(s) and the market value of options on the Reference 
Asset(s) and therefore affect the market value of the Securities); 
• 
the occurrence of certain corporate events to a Share or shares represented 
by a Depositary Receipt (being, an American Depositary Receipt or a 
Global Depositary Receipt);

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
25 
 
• 
the occurrence of certain events to the shares of a mutual fund or an 
exchange traded fund that may or may not require an adjustment to the 
terms and conditions of the Securities; 
• 
supply and demand trends and market prices at any time for the relevant 
Commodities or the exchange-traded futures contracts on such 
Commodities; 
• 
interest and yield rates in the market generally as well as in the markets of 
a Share and the markets of the securities or other constituents included in 
an Index; 
• 
economic, financial, political, regulatory and judicial events that affect a 
Share, the equity securities underlying an Index or stock markets 
generally; 
• 
economic, financial, political, regulatory, geographical, agricultural, 
meteorological or judicial events that affect commodity markets generally; 
• 
the financial condition and perceived creditworthiness of the Reference 
Entity or Reference Entities, as the case may be, including actual or 
anticipated downgrades in their credit ratings; 
• 
for Securities linked to a basket of Reference Assets, changes in 
correlation (the extent to which the value of the Reference Assets increase 
or decrease to the same degree at the same time) between the Reference 
Assets; and 
• 
the exchange rates and the volatility of the exchange rates between the 
currency of denomination of the Securities and the currencies in which a 
Reference Asset(s) Share (with respect to a Reference Asset that is a 
Depositary Receipt) or the equity securities underlying an Index are 
traded, and, if an Index is calculated in one currency and the equity 
securities underlying that Index are traded in one or more other currencies, 
the correlation between those rates and the value of that Index. 
Some or all of these factors will influence the price you will receive if you choose to sell 
your Securities prior to maturity. The impact of any of the factors set forth above may 
enhance or offset some or all of any change resulting from another factor or factors. Any 
sale of Securities prior to their scheduled redemption may be at a substantial discount 
from the original purchase price and you may lose some or all of your investment. 
(b) 
The market value of the Securities is also expected to be affected, in part, by the credit 
rating of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co.  
The value of the Securities is expected to be affected, in part, by the general perceptions 
of investors of the creditworthiness of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase 
& Co. Such perceptions may be influenced by the ratings accorded to outstanding 
securities of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. by well-recognised 
rating agencies, such as Moody's Investors Service Inc., Fitch, Inc. and Standard & 
Poor's, a division of The McGraw Hill Companies, Inc.  
The creditworthiness of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is more likely to affect the trading 
value of Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Securities issued by 
JPMSP, which are guaranteed by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  
The credit ratings of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. may move 
independently of one another. JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries (other than 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.) are generally permitted to undertake a wider range of 
activities than JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its subsidiaries. As a result, while the 
credit ratings of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. are closely

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
 
26 
 
related, those credit ratings are usually different and, in the event of any change in those 
credit ratings, those ratings may move independently of each other. JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. is typically rated more highly than JPMorgan Chase & Co. but there is no 
assurance that this will always be the case and investors should check the relevant ratings 
at the time of considering any investment in Securities. 
A reduction in the rating, if any, or anticipated reduction or downgrade to outstanding 
securities of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co., by one of the rating 
agencies could result in a reduction in the trading value of the Securities and this could 
result in a loss if you sell the Securities prior to their scheduled redemption. 
(c) 
The market value of Securities may be highly volatile 
The price, performance or investment return of the Reference Asset(s) may be subject to 
sudden, large and unpredictable changes over time and this degree of change is known 
as "volatility". The volatility of a Reference Asset may be affected by national and 
international financial, political, military or economic events, including governmental 
actions, or by the activities of participants in the relevant markets. Any of these events 
or activities could have a negative adverse impact on the value of and return on your 
Securities. 
(d) 
There may be price discrepancies with respect to the Securities as between various 
dealers or other purchasers in the secondary market 
If at any time a third party dealer quotes a price to purchase Securities or otherwise values 
Securities, that price may be significantly different (higher or lower) from any price 
quoted by JPMorgan Chase. Also, if you sell your Securities, you will likely be charged 
a commission for secondary market transactions, or the price may reflect a dealer 
discount. Any sale of the Securities by you prior to their scheduled redemption could 
result in a substantial loss. 
2.4 
Secondary market trading may be limited, and you may not be able to sell your Securities 
prior to scheduled maturity 
The Securities may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. 
If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid and you may not be able to find a buyer. 
Therefore, you may not be able to sell your Securities or, if you can, you may only be able to 
sell them at a price which is substantially less than the original purchase price. 
The Issuer may list the Securities on a stock exchange but, in such case, the fact that such 
Securities are listed will not necessarily lead to greater liquidity. If Securities are not listed or 
traded on any exchange, pricing information for such Securities may be more difficult to obtain 
and they may be more difficult to sell. 
JPMorgan Chase may act as a market maker for the Securities, but is not required to do so 
(subject to the rules of any applicable securities exchange). As other market makers may not 
participate significantly in the secondary market for the Securities, the price at which you may 
be able to trade your Securities is likely to depend on the price, if any, at which JPMorgan Chase 
is willing to buy the Securities (as to which see Risk Factor 2.1 "The market value of the 
Securities on the Issue Date will likely be lower than their original issue price" above). If at any 
time the Dealer or another agent does not act as a market maker, it is likely that there would be 
little or no secondary market for the Securities. 
If JPMorgan Chase does make a market for the Securities, it may cease to do so at any time 
without notice (subject to the rules of any applicable securities exchange). 
Securities are also subject to selling restrictions and purchaser representations and requirements 
and transfer restrictions that may limit your ability to resell or transfer them. 
For these reasons, you should not assume that a secondary market will exist for the Securities, 
and you should be prepared to hold your Securities until their scheduled maturity. The 
availability of any secondary market may be limited or non-existent and, if you are able to sell

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
 
27 
 
your Securities, you may receive significantly less than you would otherwise receive by holding 
the Securities to their scheduled maturity. 
2.5 
Risks relating to inflation 
Inflation is the general increase in prices and fall in the purchasing value of money over time. 
Due to the impact of inflation, the same amount of money will buy fewer goods and services 
over time.  
The real return (or yield) on an investment in Securities will be reduced by inflation. 
Consequently, the higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on a security will be. If 
the inflation rate is equal to or greater than the yield under a security, the real yield a holder of 
such security will achieve will be zero or even negative. Accordingly, inflation may have a 
negative effect on the value of and return on the Securities, and you should consider the potential 
impact of inflation (including if the rate of inflation is anticipated to rise over the term of the 
Securities) before purchasing Securities. 
Relatedly, if the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities provide that some or all of the 
principal shall be repaid at maturity, such scheduled principal repayment will not provide any 
protection from the effect of inflation over time and it may still be the case that the return on 
such Securities adjusted for inflation could be zero or even negative. 
3 
Risks related to the determination of interest or redemption amounts under the Securities 
3.1 
A leverage feature increases the potential loss (or gain) on the Securities 
Where a formula used to determine the amount payable and/or deliverable with respect to the 
Securities contains a "participation" level or other multiplier or leverage factor (whether implicit 
or explicit) greater than one, the percentage change in the value of the Securities will be greater 
than any positive and/or negative performance of the Reference Asset(s). A holder of such 
Securities may therefore participate disproportionately in any positive performance and/or may 
have a disproportionate exposure to any negative performance of the Reference Asset(s). Due 
to this multiplier or leverage factor, such Securities represent a very speculative and risky form 
of investment, since any loss in the value of the Reference Asset(s) carries the risk of a 
disproportionately higher loss on the Securities. 
3.2 
A "participation" level of less than one means that you will not share in the full positive 
performance of the Reference Asset(s) 
Where a formula used to determine the amount payable and/or deliverable with respect to the 
Securities contains an explicit or implicit "participation" level or other multiplier or leverage 
factor of less than one, then the percentage change in the value of the Security will be less than 
any positive and/or negative performance of the Reference Asset(s). A holder of such Securities 
will therefore not participate fully in the performance (whether positive or negative) of the 
Reference Asset(s). In such case, the return on the Securities will be disproportionately lower 
than any positive performance of the Reference Asset(s). Accordingly, in such case, your return 
on the Securities may be significantly less than if you had purchased the Reference Asset(s) 
directly or through another product. 
3.3 
The potential return will be limited where the Securities include a cap 
Where a formula used to determine the amount payable and/or deliverable with respect to the 
Securities contains a cap, your ability to participate in any change in the value of the Reference 
Asset(s) over the term of the Securities will be limited, no matter how much the level, price, 
rate or other applicable value of the Reference Asset(s) may rise beyond the cap level over the 
life of the Securities. Accordingly, your return on the Securities may be significantly less than 
if you had purchased the Reference Asset(s) directly or through another product. 
3.4 
There are risks where the Securities include an Issuer call option 
(a) 
Exercise of call option by the Issuer in its discretion with no obligation to consider the 
interests of holders of the Securities

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
 
28 
 
Where the terms and conditions of the Securities provide that the Issuer has the right to 
call for the early redemption or termination of the Securities, the determination by the 
Issuer of whether it will exercise this right will be made by the Issuer at its discretion, 
and the Issuer is under no obligation to consider the interests of the holders of the 
Securities. Any determination by the Issuer to exercise its call option will be conclusive 
and binding on all persons, including the holders of the Securities. 
(b) 
Reinvestment Risk 
In determining whether or not to exercise its call option, the Issuer may take into account 
various factors, including (for example) the current level of the Reference Asset(s) and 
the perceived likelihood that such levels will be maintained, or will increase or decrease, 
in the future. The Issuer may consider whether the expected performance of the 
Reference Asset(s) could imply that a higher amount could be payable in the future under 
the Securities than the Optional Redemption Amount payable by it were it to exercise its 
call option. As a result, it is likely that the Issuer will exercise its call option at a time in 
which the redemption or termination of the Securities is least favourable to the holders, 
and when the holders would not be able to reinvest the redemption or termination 
proceeds at an effective return as high as the return on the Securities being redeemed or 
terminated. You should consider such reinvestment risk in light of other available 
investments at the time you consider purchasing the Securities. 
(c) 
Limitation on the market value of the Securities 
An optional redemption or termination feature on the part of the Issuer of the Securities 
is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to 
redeem or terminate the Securities, the market value of the Securities generally will not 
rise above the value at which they can be redeemed or terminated, and this also may be 
the case prior to the beginning of any redemption or termination period. 
(d) 
No further participation in any future positive performance of the Reference Asset(s) 
Where the terms and conditions of the Securities provide that the Issuer has the right to 
call for the early redemption or termination of the Securities, following any such exercise 
by the Issuer, you will lose the opportunity to participate any further through your 
Securities in the performance of the Reference Asset(s). 
3.5 
There are risks where the Securities include an averaging feature 
If so provided in the applicable terms and conditions of the Securities, the amount payable (or 
deliverable) on the Securities (whether at maturity or otherwise) will be based on the arithmetic 
average of the applicable levels, prices, rates or other applicable values of the Reference Asset(s) 
on each of the specified averaging dates, and not the simple performance of the Reference 
Asset(s) over the term of the Securities. In such case, if (for example) the applicable level, price, 
rate or other applicable value of the particular Reference Asset(s) dramatically surged on the 
last of the averaging dates (other than the initial averaging dates) or dramatically diminished on 
the last of the initial averaging dates, the amount payable on the Securities may be significantly 
less than it would have been had the amount payable been linked only to the applicable level, 
price, rate or other applicable value of the particular Reference Asset(s) on that last averaging 
date. 
3.6 
There are risks where the Securities include a coupon payment deferral 
In the case of "In Fine Coupon" or "In Fine Memory Coupon", any coupon amount in respect 
of each Coupon Valuation Date will not be paid until the Coupon Payment Date falling at the 
end of the term, and no interest will accrue on any such coupon amounts. You must be prepared 
to hold your Securities to full maturity without the receipt of any intervening income. 
3.7 
There are risks where coupon amounts payable throughout the term of the Securities are 
conditional on certain performance criteria and may be deferred accordingly

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
 
29 
 
In the case of "Memory Coupon", "Memory Coupon with Instalment Feature", "Memory 
Enhanced Coupon" or "Memory Contingent Floating Rate Coupon", the payment of any coupon 
amount throughout the term of the Securities will be conditional on the value or performance of 
the Reference Asset(s). The coupon amount payable will be zero on a Coupon Payment Date if 
the Reference Asset(s) does not perform in accordance with the terms of the Securities although 
such payment will be deferred to the next Coupon Payment Date. If the Reference Asset(s) 
meets the performance criteria, the coupon payable will be an amount for the current Coupon 
Payment Date plus any amounts deferred from previous Coupon Payment Dates where coupon 
was not paid. Investors in the Securities will not be paid any coupon or other allowance for the 
deferred payments of coupon and it is possible that the Reference Asset(s) never meets the 
performance criteria, meaning that investors will not receive any coupon at all for the lifetime 
of the Securities.  
4 
Risks related to Securities which are linked to a floating rate of interest or to a swap rate 
and/or to a "benchmark" index 
4.1 
The floating rate of interest may decline over the terms of the Securities and the yield may 
be less than a comparable investment in a fixed rate security 
A key difference between floating rate Securities and fixed rate Securities is that interest income 
on floating rate Securities cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, it is not 
possible to determine a definite yield of floating rate Securities at the time of investment, so that 
an investor's return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer 
fixed interest periods. If the terms and conditions of the Securities provide for frequent interest 
payment dates, you will be exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline: that is, 
you may be able to reinvest the interest income paid to you only at the relevant lower interest 
rates then prevailing.  
4.2 
If a floating rate or swap rate is discontinued, modified or declared unrepresentative, then 
the rate of interest or coupon will be calculated in a different way or the Securities may be 
redeemed 
If a floating rate or a swap rate (including, for example, GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate or USD 
SOFR ICE Swap Rate) were to be discontinued or modify its methodology or be declared 
unrepresentative by its administrator of the market or economic reality that it is intended to 
measure, the rate of interest or coupon on any Securities which reference such rate (such as 
Floating Rate Notes and Floating Rate Coupon Certificates) will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Securities (as set out in General Condition 
4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and General Condition 8.2 (Floating Rate Coupon)). 
Depending on the manner in which the rate is to be determined under the terms and conditions 
of the relevant Securities, the Calculation Agent may determine to obtain the interest or coupon 
rate in accordance with the following methodologies: 
 
where the rate is a Compounded RFR, the rate shall be replaced by the applicable 
Recommended Fallback Rate. Where the Recommended Fallback Rate is used, the 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustments that it determines to be appropriate, if 
any, to any one or more of the Conditions or other terms of the Securities, including, 
without limitation, any Condition or term relevant to the settlement or payment under the 
Securities, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to preserve the economics of 
the Securities and to otherwise account for such replacement;  
 
where the rate is a Compounded Index, the rate shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to: 
(a) 
the last published level of the applicable Compounded Index; 
(b) 
the benchmark methodology for the applicable Compounded Index, as published 
by the administrator thereof; and

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
 
30 
 
(c) 
the Underlying RFR, as provided by the administrator of the Underlying RFR for 
each day in respect of which the Underlying RFR is required for such 
determination; 
 
where the rate is a Compounded Index and the Underlying RFR has been discontinued, 
the rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to: 
(a) 
the last published level of the applicable Compounded Index; 
(b) 
the benchmark methodology for the applicable Compounded Index, as published 
by the administrator thereof; and 
(c) 
the rate that would apply for derivative transactions referencing the 2021 
Definitions with respect to the applicable Underlying RFR; 
 
where the rate is a Swap Rate, the rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the alternative rate of interest or coupon formally recommended by (in the 
following order): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency in which the rate is denominated; or 
(b) 
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank, the central bank (if 
different) or other supervisor responsible for supervising (i) the rate, or (ii) the 
administrator of the rate; or 
(c) 
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank or supervisor, any 
working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by any such central 
bank or supervisor, or any group thereof, or 
(d) 
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (a), (b) or (c), the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof, or 
(e) 
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (a), (b), (c) or (d), where 
such alternative rate of interest or coupon is substantially the same as the rate, the 
administrator, 
provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no such alternative rate of 
interest or coupon, the rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
such other reference rate(s) and/or price source(s) and/or combination thereof that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative to the rate. 
Notwithstanding the above, where (a) the rate is not a rate in respect of which a determination 
methodology is specified in any of paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, or (b) the rate is a 
rate in respect of which a determination methodology is specified in any of paragraphs (i), (ii), 
(iii) and (iv) above and "Generic Permanent Fallback" is specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate in respect of such Securities in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, 
as: 
 
a substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source that it has 
determined is the industry-accepted standard in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source for the relevant rate; or  
 
if it determines that there is no such industry-accepted standard in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, index, 
benchmark or other price source, then a substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark 
or other price source that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the 
rate, taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market),

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
 
31 
 
provided that (i) any such substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source 
may (without limitation) comprise a replacement rate which is determined on a backwards-
looking compounding basis by reference to a "risk-free rate"; (ii) there may be more than one 
such substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source (which may be applied 
as of one or more effective dates); (iii) the replacement rate may include an adjustment factor 
or adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative); and (iv) the terms and conditions of 
the Securities may be subject to adjustment as described in the paragraph immediately below. 
If the Calculation Agent determines the rate of interest or coupon in accordance with the above, 
it may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, 
calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the 
Securities to account for such change to the method of determination of the rate of interest or 
coupon, including in order to reduce or eliminate any change in the economic value of the 
Securities from such change to the method of determination of the rate of interest or coupon. 
Any such adjustment(s) may include an adjustment factor and/or adjustment spread together 
with any technical, administrative or operational changes. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the application of these provisions (i) would not achieve 
a commercially reasonable result (because it is not possible or commercially reasonable to 
identify a replacement or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source, or relevant 
adjustments or for any other reason) and/or (ii) is or would be unlawful at any time under any 
applicable law or regulation or it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements to 
determine the interest or coupon amount upon in accordance with the terms of such provisions, 
the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the 
Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal 
to the Early Payment Amount (subject to as provided in the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Securities). In such case, you may lose some or all of your investment. See Risk Factor 5.1(b) 
"The 'Early Payment Amount' may be less than the original invested amount".  
Any such consequence as described above could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on the Securities. See also the risk factors immediately below with regard to the risks 
in connection with the reform and potential replacement of the "risk-free rates" and swap rates 
(including, for example, GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate or USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate). 
4.3 
Risks associated with benchmark reform and the transition to risk-free rates 
EU and/or UK legislation applicable to the provision and use of benchmarks could have a 
material adverse impact on the value of and return on Securities linked to an in-scope 
benchmark. 
The EU Regulation 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation") and the EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation", and together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the "Benchmarks 
Regulations") are a key element of regulatory reform in the EU and the UK, respectively.  
Interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and indices, including equity, commodity and 
"proprietary" indices or strategies, will in most cases be within scope of one or both of the 
Benchmarks Regulations as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable 
under, or the value of, certain financial instruments (including (i) in the case of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, Securities listed on an EU regulated market or an EU multilateral 
trading facility ("MTF") and (ii) in the case of the UK Benchmarks Regulation, Securities listed 
on a UK recognised investment exchange or a UK MTF), and in a number of other 
circumstances.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the 
administration of a benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in the EU. Amongst other things, 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation requires EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered as such and to comply with extensive requirements relating to benchmark 
administration. It also prohibits (subject to transitional provisions) certain uses by EU

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
 
32 
 
supervised entities of (a) benchmarks provided by EU administrators which are not authorised 
or registered in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and (b) benchmarks provided 
by non-EU administrators where (i) the administrator's regulatory regime has not been 
determined to be "equivalent" to that of the EU, (ii) the administrator has not been recognised 
in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and (iii) the benchmark has not been 
endorsed in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  
The UK Benchmarks Regulation imposes substantially the same obligations and restrictions as 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation, but has a narrower geographical scope . It applies to the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark, the administration of a benchmark, and the use of a 
benchmark in the United Kingdom. In-scope entities include UK benchmark administrators and 
UK supervised entities. 
The European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") maintains a public register of EU-
approved benchmark administrators and approved non-EU benchmarks pursuant to the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation The UK's Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") maintains a separate 
public register of FCA-approved benchmark administrators and approved non-UK benchmarks 
pursuant to the UK Benchmarks Regulation.  
Third-country administrators relying on the transitional provisions in the relevant Benchmarks 
Regulation are not included in the ESMA Register or the FCA Register, as applicable. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material 
adverse impact on the value of and return on Securities linked to a benchmark. For example: 
• 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation may not be used in certain ways by an EU supervised entity if (subject to 
applicable transitional provisions) its administrator does not obtain authorisation or 
registration from its EU competent authority (or, if a non-EU entity, does not satisfy the 
"equivalence" conditions and is not "recognised" by an EU competent authority, pending 
an equivalence decision, and does not have the relevant benchmark "endorsed" by an EU 
supervised entity). If the benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as 
applicable) such authorisation or registration (or, if a non-EU entity, "equivalence" is not 
available and neither recognition nor endorsement is obtained), then the terms and 
conditions of the Securities may be adjusted by the Calculation Agent or the Securities 
may be redeemed prior to maturity; 
• 
similarly, a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation may not be used in certain ways by an UK supervised entity if 
(subject to applicable transitional provisions) its administrator does not obtain 
authorisation or registration from the FCA (or, if a non-UK entity, does not satisfy the 
"equivalence" conditions and is not "recognised" by the FCA, pending an equivalence 
decision, and does not have the relevant benchmark "endorsed" by a UK supervised 
entity). If the benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such 
authorisation or registration (or, if a non-UK entity, "equivalence" is not available and 
neither recognition nor endorsement is obtained), then the terms and conditions of the 
Securities may be adjusted by the Calculation Agent or the Securities may be redeemed 
prior to maturity; 
• 
if the Reference Asset is a benchmark and it would be unlawful or contradictory to any 
applicable licensing requirements for the Calculation Agent to determine the level or 
other value of such Reference Asset or make any other determination in respect of the 
Securities which it would otherwise be obliged to do so pursuant to the Conditions, then 
the Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark could be changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the applicable Benchmarks Regulation, or mandatory 
substitution of a benchmark with a replacement benchmark could be imposed by statute. 
Any such changes could reduce or increase the rate or level or affect the volatility of the 
published rate or level, and (depending on the type of the particular Securities) could 
lead to adjustments to the terms of the Securities, including potentially determination by

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
 
33 
 
the Calculation Agent of the rate or level in its discretion and the Securities could be 
redeemed prior to maturity. 
You should consult your own independent advisers and make your own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulations. 
4.4 
Replacement of interbank offered rates with risk-free rates (RFRs), risks relating to the 
developing markets for SONIA, SOFR, €STR, TONA, SARON and other RFRs and the 
potential impact on performance and returns, and risks associated with compounding 
methodologies  
(a) 
Replacement of interbank offered rates with risk-free rates 
RFRs that are commonly used in place of discontinued interbank offered rates 
("IBORs") are inherently different from the now discontinued IBORs. RFR-
referencing Securities may not perform in the same way or yield the same or similar 
economic outcomes as historical IBOR-referencing securities. 
Many IBORs have been modified or discontinued and relatively new RFRs may now be 
used in their place, including (amongst others): 
 
the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") in place of sterling LIBOR; 
 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") in place of USD LIBOR; 
 
the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate ("TONA") in place of Japanese yen LIBOR; 
 
the Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR") in place of EURIBOR and EONIA; and 
 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight ("SARON") in place of CHF LIBOR. 
The transition away from IBORs has also impacted related IBOR-based swap rates, 
many of which have been discontinued and replaced with RFR-based swap rates. In 
summary: 
• 
GBP: SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark. ICE 
Benchmark Administration ("IBA") administers the GBP SONIA ICE Swap 
Rate, which can be used in place of the discontinued GBP LIBOR ICE Swap Rate. 
• 
USD: SOFR has been identified as the rate that represents best practice for use in 
U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts. IBA administers the USD 
SOFR ICE Swap Rate, which can be used in place of the discontinued USD 
LIBOR ICE Swap Rate. 
• 
JPY: TONA has been recommended as the primary risk-free rate for use in 
Japanese yen derivatives and other financial contracts. Refinitiv Benchmark 
Services (UK) Limited administers the Tokyo Swap Rate (for swaps referencing 
TONA), which can be used in place of the JPY LIBOR Tokyo Swap Rate. 
• 
Euro: €STR has been recommended as the new euro risk-free rate. In May 2021, 
an official EU working group published a set of guiding principles for fallback 
provisions in new EURIBOR-referencing contracts and financial instruments 
(including bonds) to address, among other things, the potential future 
discontinuation of EURIBOR. 
• 
CHF: SARON has been identified as the recommended alternative to CHF 
LIBOR. 
• 
Other: Similar initiatives have been undertaken in respect of IBORs in other 
currencies, including Hong Kong dollar (HIBOR), Australian dollar (BBSW) and 
Canadian dollar (CDOR), to transition away from these rates to identified RFRs.

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
 
34 
 
RFRs have a different methodology and other important differences from IBORs. For example, 
many replacement RFRs are backward-looking, rather than forward-looking. Interest on 
Securities which reference a backward-looking RFR is not determined until the end of the 
relevant interest calculation period, so you  may be unable to estimate the amount of interest 
that will accrue over a specific interest calculation period at the outset. 
RFRs may have little, if any, historical track record and it may be difficult to compare them to 
other rates and even harder to understand how they may perform in the future. The level of an 
RFR during the term of the Securities may bear little or no relation to historical actual or 
indicative data. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their 
relation to an RFR, such as correlations, may change in the future. Furthermore, market terms 
for Securities linked to RFRs, such as the spread over the rate reflected in interest rate 
provisions, may evolve over time. Trading prices of such Securities may be lower than those of 
later-issued securities as a result. 
RFRs are overnight rates based on large volumes of interbank transactions or transactions 
secured by central banks' treasury securities, and do not measure bank-specific credit risk. In 
contrast, IBORs are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a credit risk 
premium based on interbank lending. As a result, RFRs are less likely than historical IBORs to 
correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean that market 
participants would not consider any such RFR a suitable substitute or successor for all of the 
purposes for which LIBOR was historically used (including, without limitation, as a 
representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks). This may, in turn, lessen 
market acceptance of any such RFR. Investors should be aware that IBORs and RFRs may 
behave materially differently as reference interest rates for Securities. 
An established trading market for debt securities linked to RFRs may never develop or may not 
be very liquid. If the relevant RFR does not prove to be widely used in the capital markets, the 
trading price of Securities linked to that RFR may be lower than those of Securities linked to 
rates that are more widely used. You may not be able to sell your Securities at all, or may not 
be able to sell your Securities at prices that will provide you with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from 
increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Any of these factors, and/or related future developments, could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on Securities linked to affected rates. 
(b) 
Risks relating to the developing markets for SONIA, SOFR, €STR, TONA, SARON 
and other RFRs and the potential impact on performance and returns 
Market conventions applicable to RFRs continue to develop and could give rise to 
discrepancies between the terms of RFR-referencing Securities and other financial 
instruments, including other RFR-referencing securities and/or derivatives used for 
hedging purposes. This may adversely impact holders of Securities, including by 
increasing volatility or reducing liquidity. 
The market continues to develop in relation to adoption of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, TONA 
and SARON (and the other RFRs) as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, 
U.S. dollar, euro, yen and Swiss franc bonds, respectively, (and any other relevant 
currency in relation to an RFR) and their adoption as alternatives to relevant IBORs. The 
market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of RFRs that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to RFR-referencing 
Securities. For example, market participants and official working groups are exploring 
alternative reference rates based on RFRs, including term SONIA, SOFR, €STR, TONA 
and SARON reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of 
an average SONIA, SOFR, €STR, TONA or SARON over a designated term), and it is 
possible that market participants may seek to apply such compounded rate or term rates 
for capital markets issuances.

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
 
35 
 
The Issuer may in the future also issue RFR-referencing Securities that differ materially 
in terms of interest or coupon determination when compared with previous RFR-
referencing Securities issued by it under the Programme.  
The development of RFRs could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, and/or 
could otherwise affect the market price of any RFR-referencing Securities issued under 
the Programme from time to time.  
Some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such RFR-referencing Securities 
without changes to their information technology or other operational systems to account 
for such backwards-looking calculation, which could adversely impact the liquidity of 
such Securities. Further, if the Securities become due and payable on a date which is not 
an Interest Payment Date or Coupon Payment Date (as applicable), the final Rate of 
Interest or Floating Rate Coupon payable in respect of such Securities shall be 
determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on 
which the Securities become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
RFR-referencing Securities may have no established trading market, and an established 
trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for RFR-
referencing Securities may evolve over time, and may lead to impacts on trading prices 
and values, and such Securities may not be able to be sold or may not be able to be sold 
at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. 
Similarly, the manner of adoption or application of RFRs in the eurobond markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of RFRs in other markets, 
such as the derivatives and loan markets. You should carefully consider how any 
mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which you may put in 
place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of RFR-referencing 
Securities. 
(c) 
Risks associated with compounding methodologies of RFRs 
The two most common compounding methodologies, "Shift" and "Lag", are different 
and may result in different amounts of interest being payable. 
The Issue Terms for the relevant Securities may specify either "Shift" or "Lag" as the 
applicable methodology for the daily compounding of the relevant RFR in arrears. The 
two methodologies differ in the period that each uses when weighting a business day's 
overnight rate for the relevant RFR. The "Shift" methodology weights the relevant RFR 
according to the applicable number of business days in a separate observation period 
which 'shadows' the Interest Period or Floating Rate Coupon Period (e.g. the observation 
period might start and end five business days preceding the relevant start and end date of 
the Interest Period or Floating Rate Coupon Period). The "Lag" approach weights the 
relevant RFR according to the applicable number of business days in the actual Interest 
Period or Floating Rate Coupon Period. You should be aware that divergence between 
the "Shift" and "Lag" methodologies could lead to a difference in the interest or coupon 
being determined even where the relevant RFR is the same for the Securities and you 
may receive less interest or coupon for any particular depending on which approach is 
applicable. 
The amount of interest or coupon payable in respect of Securities linked to the applicable 
RFR will be calculated by reference to (i) the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily RFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest); or 
(ii) where "Index Determination" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms for the 
relevant Securities, a screen rate, formula or value as may be published by the 
administrator of the relevant RFR. You should be aware that divergence between these 
methodologies could lead to a difference in the interest or coupon being determined even

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
 
36 
 
where the relevant 'risk-free rate' is the same for the Securities and you may receive less 
interest or coupon for any particular depending on which approach is applicable. 
4.5 
Additional risks associated with SONIA 
SONIA is a relatively new rate, which has little track record. It is a backward-looking rate so 
the interest payable under an Interest Period or Floating Rate Coupon Period will not be known 
until near the end of the period. SONIA usage and conventions are still evolving so SONIA-
referencing securities issued at different times may have different terms, including as to the 
calculation of interest. This may affect relative trading volumes and prices. 
SONIA is published by the Bank of England and is intended to reflect the wholesale sterling 
unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the British sterling interbank market. 
As SONIA is published by the Bank of England based on data received from other sources, the 
Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication.  
There can be no guarantee that SONIA will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-linked Securities. If the 
manner in which SONIA is calculated is changed or if SONIA is discontinued, that change or 
discontinuation may result in a reduction of the amount of interest or coupon payable on the 
relevant Securities and/or the trading price of such Securities. Furthermore, SONIA in respect 
of any calendar day may be zero or negative.  
You should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SONIA as an indicator of future 
changes in SONIA.  
The Issuer may in the future also issue other SONIA-referencing Securities that differ materially 
in terms of interest determination when compared with pre-existing SONIA-linked Securities. 
The relatively recent development of SONIA as a reference rate for the bond and structured 
product markets, as well as continued development of rates based on SONIA for such markets 
and market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or otherwise affect the market price of the relevant Securities.  
Interest on SONIA-linked Securities (where SONIA is part of a Compounded RFR or 
Compounded Index) is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant interest or 
coupon calculation period and immediately prior to the relevant interest or coupon payment 
date. It may be difficult for investors in such Securities to reliably estimate the amount of interest 
that they will receive. 
4.6 
Additional risks associated with SOFR 
(a) 
SOFR is a new and fundamentally different interest rate 
SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ("FRBNY") and is 
intended to be a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralised by 
Treasury securities. FRBNY currently publishes SOFR daily on its website at 
https://apps.newyorkfed.org/markets/autorates/sofr. FRBNY states on its publication 
page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to important disclaimers, limitations and 
indemnification obligations, including that FRBNY may alter the methods of calculation, 
publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without 
notice. Information contained in the publication page for SOFR is not incorporated by 
reference in, and should not be considered part of, this Base Prospectus.  
SOFR is a relatively new rate, which has little historical track record. It is a backward-
looking rate and therefore the interest payable in respect of an Interest Period will not be 
known until near the end of the period. SOFR usage and conventions are still evolving 
and therefore SOFR-referencing securities issued at different times may have different 
terms, including as to the calculation of interest, and this may affect relative trading 
volumes and prices. 
(b) 
SOFR may fail to gain market acceptance

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
 
37 
 
SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial 
contracts as an alternative to USD LIBOR in part because it is considered to be a good 
representation of general funding conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. 
However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not 
measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the 
unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean that market participants 
would not consider SOFR to be a suitable substitute or successor for all of the purposes 
for which U.S. dollar LIBOR historically has been used (including, without limitation, 
as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in 
turn, lessen its market acceptance. Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could 
adversely affect the return on, value of and market for, SOFR-linked Securities. 
(c) 
Any market for SOFR-linked Securities may be illiquid or unpredictable 
SOFR-linked Securities will likely have no established trading market when issued, and 
an established trading market for SOFR-linked Securities may never develop or may not 
be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities that are linked to SOFR, such as the 
spread over the base rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, 
and as a result, trading prices of SOFR-linked Securities may be lower than those of 
later-issued debt securities that are linked to SOFR. Similarly, if SOFR does not prove 
to be widely used in debt securities that are similar or comparable to SOFR-linked 
Securities, the trading price of SOFR-linked Securities may be lower than those of debt 
securities that are linked to rates that are more widely used. Investors in SOFR-linked 
Securities may not be able to sell their SOFR-linked Securities at all or may not be able 
to sell their SOFR-linked Securities at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
The manner of adoption or application of reference rates based on SOFR in the bond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in 
other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully 
consider how any potential inconsistencies between the adoption of reference rates based 
on SOFR across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
SOFR-linked Securities. 
(d) 
Investors should not rely on indicative or historical data concerning SOFR 
FRBNY also publishes historical indicative Secured Overnight Financing Rates dating 
back to 2014, although such historical indicative data inherently involves assumptions, 
estimates and approximations. Investors should not rely on such historical indicative data 
or on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the future performance 
of SOFR. Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on 
occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market 
rates, and SOFR over the term of the Securities may bear little or no relation to the 
historical actual or historical indicative data. In addition, the return on and value of the 
SOFR-linked Securities may fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities that are 
linked to less volatile rates. 
(e) 
Changes in SOFR could adversely affect holders of Securities linked to such rate 
Because SOFR is published by the FRBNY based on data received from other sources, 
the relevant Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication. There 
can be no assurance that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in SOFR-linked Securities. 
If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a 
reduction of the amount of interest or coupon payable on the SOFR-linked Securities, 
which may adversely affect the trading prices of the SOFR-linked Securities. In addition, 
the interest rate on SOFR-linked Securities for any day will not be adjusted for any 
modification or amendment to the SOFR rate for that day that FRBNY may publish if 
the relevant interest rate for that day has already been determined prior to such

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
 
38 
 
publication. If the rate at which interest or coupon accrues on the Securities during the 
applicable Interest Period or Floating Rate Coupon Period, as the case may be, on any 
day or for any Interest Period or Floating Rate Coupon Period, as the case may be, or in 
respect of any interest determination date, declines to zero or becomes negative, no 
interest or coupon will be payable on the Securities with respect to that Interest Period 
or Floating Rate Coupon Period or the relevant payment date, as the case may be. 
4.7 
Additional risks associated with TONA 
Usage of TONA for debt securities is relatively new. TONA usage and conventions are still 
evolving so TONA-referencing securities issued at different times may have different terms, 
including as to the calculation of interest. This may affect relative trading volumes and prices. 
You should not rely on any historical changes or trends in TONA as an indicator of future 
changes in TONA. 
A Compounded Daily TONA is a backward-looking rate, with interest on TONA-linked 
Securities (where TONA is part of a Compounded RFR) only capable of being determined at 
the end of the relevant interest calculation period and immediately prior to the relevant interest 
payment date. It may be difficult for investors in such Securities to reliably estimate the amount 
of interest that they will receive. 
TONA is published by the Bank of Japan and is intended to reflect the Japanese yen unsecured 
overnight borrowing costs of banks and financial institutions in the Japanese yen interbank 
market. 
As TONA is published by the Bank of Japan based on data received from other sources, the 
Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication.  
There can be no guarantee that TONA will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of TONA-linked Securities. If the 
manner in which TONA is calculated is changed or if TONA is discontinued, that change or 
discontinuation may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the relevant 
Securities and/or the trading price of such Securities. Furthermore, TONA in respect of any 
calendar day may be zero or negative.  
The Issuer may in the future also issue other TONA-referencing Securities that differ materially 
in terms of interest determination when compared with any pre-existing TONA-linked 
Securities. The relatively recent development of TONA as a reference rate for the bond and 
structured product markets, as well as continued development of rates based on TONA for such 
markets and market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or otherwise affect the market price of the relevant Securities. 
4.8 
Additional risks associated with €STR 
€STR is a relatively new rate, which has little track record. It is a backward-looking rate so the 
interest payable under an Interest Period or Floating Rate Coupon Period will not be known 
until near the end of the period. €STR usage and conventions are still evolving so €STR-
referencing securities issued at different times may have different terms, including as to the 
calculation of interest. This may affect relative trading volumes and prices. 
€STR is published by the European Central Bank (the "ECB") and is intended to reflect the 
wholesale euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro interbank 
market. 
The ECB notes that the use of €STR is subject to limitations and disclaimers, including that the 
ECB may (i) materially change the €STR methodology or €STR determination process, or (ii) 
cease the determination and publication of €STR, in each case after consulting with stakeholders 
to the extent it is possible or practicable and all as described in Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of 
the European Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the Euro short-term rate (ECB/2019/19)) (as 
amended).

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
 
39 
 
As €STR is published by the ECB based on data received from other sources, the Issuer has no 
control over its determination, calculation or publication.  
There can be no guarantee that €STR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of €STR-linked Securities. If the 
manner in which €STR is calculated is changed or if €STR is discontinued, that change or 
discontinuation may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the relevant 
Securities and/or the trading price of such Securities. Furthermore, €STR in respect of any 
calendar day may be zero or negative.  
Although the ECB publishes historical indicative pre-€STR data going back to March 2017, you 
should not rely on any historical changes or trends in €STR as an indicator of future changes in 
€STR. Also, Securities referencing €STR may have no established trading market when issued, 
and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms 
for debt instruments indexed to €STR, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate 
provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of the relevant Securities may be lower 
than those of later-issued indexed debt instruments as a result.  
The Issuer may in the future also issue other €STR-referencing Securities that differ materially 
in terms of interest determination when compared with pre-existing €STR-linked Securities. 
The relatively recent development of €STR as a reference rate for the Eurobond and structured 
product markets, as well as continued development of rates based on €STR for such markets 
and market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or otherwise affect the market price of the relevant Securities.  
Interest on €STR-linked Securities (where €STR is part of a Compounded RFR) is only capable 
of being determined at the end of the relevant interest calculation period and immediately prior 
to the relevant interest payment date. It may be difficult for investors in such Securities to 
reliably estimate the amount of interest that they will receive. 
4.9 
Risks associated with Securities linked to SONIA, SOFR, TONA and €STR  
There are specific risks with regard to Securities linked to SONIA, SOFR, TONA and €STR. 
See the discussions in the following: 
• 
Risk Factors 4.4(a) "Replacement of interbank offered rates with risk-free rates" to 4.4(c) 
"Risks associated with compounding methodologies of RFRs"; 
• 
Risk Factor 4.5 "Additional risks associated with SONIA"; 
• 
Risk Factor 4.6 "Additional risks associated with SOFR"; 
• 
Risk Factor 4.7 "Additional risks associated with TONA"; and 
• 
Risk Factor 4.8 "Additional risks associated with €STR". 
5 
Risks related to early redemption provisions and other terms of the Securities 
5.1 
The Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior to their scheduled 
maturity for various unforeseen reasons, and in such case you may receive back less than 
your original investment and you may not be able to reinvest the proceeds in an equivalent 
investment 
(a) 
Events or circumstances leading to early redemption or termination 
Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior to their scheduled 
maturity including for any of the following reasons: 
• 
the occurrence of a mandatory early redemption event (e.g., the price or level of 
the Reference Asset rises above or falls below a pre-determined barrier level), if 
specified in the terms and conditions of the Securities;

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
 
40 
 
• 
the exercise by the Issuer of a call option, if specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms (see Risk Factor 3.4 "There are risks where the Securities 
include an Issuer call option" below); 
• 
the exercise by you of a put option, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
• 
the occurrence of certain events outside of the control of the Issuer or other 
circumstances in relation to a Reference Asset (i) in the case of Securities which 
are not Belgian Securities, determined at the discretion of the Calculation Agent 
or (ii) in the case of Securities which are Belgian Securities, determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (see 
the Reference Asset Linked Conditions) or in relation to the floating rate of interest 
or coupon rate; 
• 
the occurrence of a credit event in respect of a Reference Entity or, subject as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms, a number of Reference Entities; 
• 
the Issuer determines that its performance under any Security has become 
unlawful in whole or in part for any reason (see General Condition 16 (Early 
Redemption or Termination for Illegality)); 
• 
in certain circumstances where the relevant Issuer determines that it will become 
subject to withholding tax on payments made to it as a result of Holders failing to 
provide information required by FATCA, there is a substantial likelihood that it 
will violate any requirement of, or an agreement entered into with a taxing 
authority with respect to, FATCA or there is a substantial likelihood that a series 
of Securities will be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as being in 
bearer form (see General Condition 20.3 (Early Redemption or Termination for 
Taxation - FATCA));  
• 
except in the case of Belgian Securities, the occurrence of certain taxation events 
with respect to the Securities or (if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms) with respect to the Issuer's (or its affiliates') underlying hedging 
transactions (see General Condition 20.4 (Early Redemption or Termination for 
Taxation – Additional Amounts/Underlying Hedge Transactions));  
• 
following an Event of Default (see General Condition 15 (Events of Default)); 
• 
the occurrence of an Automatic Acceleration Event (Payment Default) (as defined 
in General Condition 15.3 (Automatic Acceleration Event));  
• 
the occurrence of an Automatic Acceleration Event (Delivery Default) (as defined 
in General Condition 15.3 (Automatic Acceleration Event)); 
• 
except in the case of Belgian Securities, following the occurrence of a Disruption 
Event (see General Condition 21 (Disruption Event) and Risk Factor 5.5 "Where 
applicable, the terms and conditions of the Securities may be adjusted, the 
Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior to their scheduled 
maturity due to the occurrence of a Disruption Event" below); 
• 
except in the case of Belgian Securities, following the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event (see General Condition 17 (Extraordinary 
Hedge Disruption Event) and Risk Factor 5.4 "Where applicable, the Securities 
may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior to their scheduled maturity 
due to the occurrence of an Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event" below);  
• 
if (i) it would be unlawful or contradictory to any applicable licensing 
requirements for the Calculation Agent to determine the level or other value of a 
"benchmark" Reference Asset or make any other determination in respect of the 
Securities which it would otherwise be obliged to do so pursuant to the

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
 
41 
 
Conditions, or (ii) if the applicable benchmark administrator does not obtain or 
maintain (as applicable) such authorisation or registration or, if a non-EU entity, 
"equivalence" is not available and it is not recognised, then the Securities may be 
redeemed prior to maturity. See Risk Factor 4.3 "Risks associated with benchmark 
reform and the transition to risk-free rates"; 
• 
in the case of any Series of Securities where (i) the Type of Collateralisation 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms is "Static Collateral" or "Static and Margined 
Collateral" and (ii) either (a) "Bond Linked Provisions" is not specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) "Bond Linked Provisions" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, but the Static Collateral is not 
comprised, in whole or in part, of the Reference Bond(s), upon the occurrence of 
a Static Collateral Event (as defined in the General Conditions) in accordance 
with General Condition 18 (Static Collateral Event);  
• 
following the occurrence of a Collateral Agreements Termination Event (as 
defined in the General Conditions) with respect to a Series of Securities, upon the 
Holder of any Security giving written notice requesting such Security to be 
redeemed early, whereupon each Security of the relevant Series of Securities or 
the Linked Series of Securities, if applicable, shall become due and payable in 
accordance with General Condition 19 (Collateral Agreements Termination 
Event); or 
• 
in the case of Bond Linked Securities, following the occurrence of a Reference 
Obligor Event (as defined in the Bond Linked Provisions) in accordance with the 
Bond Linked Provisions. 
(b) 
The 'Early Payment Amount' may be less than the original invested amount 
Securities which are not Belgian Securities 
On early redemption or termination in any of the unexpected circumstances described in 
Risk Factor 5.1(a) "Events or circumstances leading to early redemption or termination" 
above (i.e. any circumstances other than a mandatory early redemption event or the 
exercise of a put or call option), you will receive (subject in the case of an occurrence of 
an Event of Default, an Automatic Acceleration Event (Payment Default) or an 
Automatic Acceleration Event (Delivery Default), to claims of other creditors and the 
Securities having a Minimum Redemption Amount or unless otherwise provided in the 
applicable Issue Terms or the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities) the "Early 
Payment Amount" in full and final settlement of the Securities.  
In the case of Securities that are not Bond Linked Securities, the Early Payment Amount 
will be, in respect of each Security (that has not already become due and payable) of a 
particular Series, that Security's pro rata share of an amount representing the fair market 
value of the Securities determined by the Calculation Agent using its internal models and 
methodologies by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent may consider to be 
appropriate (and where "Early Payment Amount 2" is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) adjusted to account for all costs incurred by the Issuer and/or the 
Hedging Entity in connection with such early redemption or settlement, including, 
without limitation, any costs to the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity associated with 
unwinding any funding relating to the Securities, any costs associated with unwinding 
any related Underlying Hedge Transactions, and all other expenses related thereto, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
In the case of Securities that are Bond Linked Securities, the Early Payment Amount will 
be, in respect of each Security (that has not already become due and payable) of a 
particular Series, subject to a minimum of zero, that Security's pro rata share of an 
amount representing the fair market value of the Reference Bond Notional Amount 
(which, if the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain a bid for the Reference Bond from a 
dealer in obligations of the type of the Reference Bond on the Early Payment Valuation 
Date, may be deemed to be zero in accordance with the Calculation Agent's internal

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
 
42 
 
models and methodologies) plus the fair market value of the Hypothetical Derivative for 
the first counterparty (who, under the terms of the Hypothetical Derivative, makes 
payment to the other counterparty of amounts equal to the payments of principal and 
interest that are scheduled to be paid by the Reference Obligor specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms on an aggregate amount of the Reference Bond equal to the Reference Bond 
Notional Amount) if the value would be positive for such counterparty or minus the 
absolute value of the fair market value of the Hypothetical Derivative for such 
counterparty if the value would be negative for such counterparty, in each case valued 
on the Early Payment Valuation Date and determined, in each case, using its internal 
models and methodologies by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent may 
consider to be appropriate (and where "Early Payment Amount 4" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) adjusted to account for all costs incurred by the 
Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity in connection with such early redemption or settlement, 
including, without limitation, any costs to the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity associated 
with unwinding any funding relating to the Securities, any costs associated with 
unwinding any related Underlying Hedge Transactions, and all other expenses related 
thereto, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Reference Bond Notional Amount 
will be a principal amount of the Reference Bond determined by the Calculation Agent 
as being equal to the product of (i)(A) the aggregate outstanding nominal or notional 
amount of the Series of Securities on the Early Payment Valuation Date or, where such 
Series of Securities does not have a nominal or notional amount, the aggregate number 
of outstanding Securities of such Series on such date divided by (B) the initial aggregate 
nominal or notional amount of such Series of Securities on their Issue Date or, where 
such Series of Securities does not have a nominal or notional amount, the initial 
aggregate number of such Securities on their Issue Date and (ii) an amount specified as 
the Initial Reference Bond Notional Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Securities which are Belgian Securities  
On early redemption or termination in any of the unexpected circumstances described in 
Risk Factor 5.1(a) "Events or circumstances leading to early redemption or termination" 
above (i.e. any circumstances other than a mandatory early redemption event or the 
exercise of a put or call option), you will receive (subject in the case of an occurrence of 
an Event of Default to claims of other creditors and the Securities having a Minimum 
Redemption Amount or unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms or the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Securities) the "Early Payment Amount" in full and 
final settlement of the Securities.  
The Early Payment Amount will be: 
• 
following an Event of Default: 
• 
in respect of each Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount, the 
greater of (i) the Minimum Redemption Amount and (ii) an amount 
representing the fair market value of the Securities determined by the 
Calculation Agent, using its internal models and methodologies by 
reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent may consider to be 
appropriate; or 
• 
in respect of each Security that does not have a Minimum Redemption 
Amount, the fair market value of the Securities determined by the 
Calculation Agent, using its internal models and methodologies by 
reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent may consider to be 
appropriate; 
• 
following a Termination Event (Impossible Performance), an amount 
representing the fair market value of the Securities determined by the Calculation 
Agent, using its internal models and methodologies by reference to such factors 
as the Calculation Agent may consider to be appropriate; 
• 
following a Termination Event (Possible Performance):

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
 
43 
 
• 
in respect of Securities which do not have a Minimum Redemption 
Amount, an amount representing the fair market value of the Securities 
determined by the Calculation Agent using its internal models and 
methodologies by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent may 
consider to be appropriate plus a pro rata of the total costs of the Issuer 
(for example, and without limitation, structuring costs) paid by the original 
holder of the Securities as part of the original issue price of the Securities 
as adjusted to take into account the remaining time to maturity; and 
• 
in respect of Securities which have a Minimum Redemption Amount, as 
determined by the Issuer and specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be 
either (i) payment of the greater of (A) the Minimum Redemption Amount 
or (B) the fair market value of the Securities determined by the Calculation 
Agent using its internal models and methodologies by reference to such 
factors as the Calculation Agent may consider to be appropriate plus a pro 
rata of the total costs of the Issuer (for example, and without limitation, 
structuring costs) paid by the original holder of the Securities as part of the 
original issue price of the Securities as adjusted to take into account the 
remaining time to maturity; or (ii) (A) where you have exercised your right 
to early redemption in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Securities, the fair market value of the Securities determined by the 
Calculation Agent using its internal models and methodologies by 
reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent may consider to be 
appropriate plus a pro rata of the total costs of the Issuer (for example, and 
without limitation, structuring costs) paid by the original holder of the 
Securities as part of the original issue price of the Securities as adjusted to 
take into account the remaining time to maturity or (B) otherwise an 
amount equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount plus the value (if any) 
of the option component or embedded derivative(s) of the Securities at or 
around the date on which the Issuer gives notice of the early redemption 
of such Securities plus a pro rata of the total costs of the Issuer (for 
example, and without limitation, structuring costs) paid by the original 
holder of the Securities as part of the original issue price of the Securities 
as adjusted to take into account the remaining time to maturity. 
See Commonly Asked Question 25 (How is the Early Payment Amount calculated?) of 
the section entitled "Commonly Asked Questions" below. The Early Payment Amount 
may be less than the original purchase price of the Securities and you could lose some or 
all of your investment. 
5.2 
There are foreign exchange risks where payments under your Securities are in a different 
currency from your home currency 
If the terms and conditions of your Securities provide that payment will be made in a currency 
which is different from your domestic currency then you are exposed to any adverse movement 
of the currency of the Securities relative to your domestic currency. 
Foreign exchange rates can be highly volatile and are determined by various factors, including 
supply and demand for currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, economic 
factors including inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the 
respective countries, economic forecasts, international political factors, currency convertibility, 
safety of making financial investments in the currency concerned, speculation and measures 
taken by governments and central banks. 
Foreign exchange fluctuations between your domestic currency and the currency in which 
payment under the Securities is due may affect you where you intend to convert gains or losses 
from the exercise or sale of Securities into your domestic currency and may lead to the loss of 
some or all of your initial investment. 
5.3 
The occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event may lead to a delay and/or reduced 
payment or a payment in U.S. Dollars or a write down of payment obligations to zero

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
 
44 
 
A "Payment Disruption Event" is an event which (a) prevents, restricts or delays the Issuer 
from converting or delivering relevant currencies, (b) imposes capital or exchange controls, (c) 
implements changes to laws relating to foreign investments, or (d) otherwise prohibits or 
prevents the Issuer from making a payment or performing an obligation required of it as a result 
of war, catastrophe, governmental action or other event beyond its control. Where the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Payment Disruption Event has occurred or is likely to occur, 
then the next payment or settlement or exercise date (as applicable) under the Securities may be 
postponed to a date falling 14 calendar days after the date on which the Payment Disruption 
Event is no longer occurring. No interest shall accrue and no Event of Default will result on 
account of such postponement. In the event that a Payment Disruption Event is still continuing 
on the date which is one year after the last scheduled payment date for the Securities, then the 
outstanding payment obligations of the Issuer shall be fulfilled by payment on the following 
tenth Business Day of the relevant amount in an equivalent amount in U.S. Dollars based on the 
conversion from the affected currency to U.S. Dollars on the second Business Day immediately 
preceding the payment date, and the Issuer shall have no further obligations whatsoever under 
the Securities. In the event the Calculation Agent is unable to determine the equivalent amount 
in U.S. Dollars, the Holders will not receive any amounts. Thereafter, the Issuer shall have no 
obligations whatsoever under the Securities. Accordingly, the occurrence of a Payment 
Disruption Event may lead to a delay and/or reduced payment or a payment in U.S. Dollars or 
a write down of payment obligations to as low as zero. 
5.4 
Where applicable, the Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior to 
their scheduled maturity due to the occurrence of an Extraordinary Hedge Disruption 
Event 
An "Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event" is one or more of the following events (in each 
case, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms): 
• 
an "Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions Event" - in broad terms, due to a change in law 
relating to financial sanctions and embargo programmes (or change in interpretation of 
such law), it becomes illegal or is likely to become illegal for the Hedging Entity to 
perform its obligations under hedging transactions in relation to the relevant Securities. 
For this purpose, "Hedging Entity" means each of the Issuer and any affiliate(s) of the 
Issuer and any entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions relating to the Securities and/or Reference Assets 
in respect of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities. However, an Extraordinary 
Hedge Sanctions Event also occurs where, due to a change in law relating to financial 
sanctions and embargo programmes (or change in interpretation of such law), it 
becomes illegal or is likely to become illegal for the Related Hedging Entity to perform 
its obligations under hedging transactions in relation to the relevant Securities, as if the 
Related Hedging Entity was a party to such hedging transactions. For this purpose, the 
"Related Hedging Entity" means JPMorgan Chase & Co. Therefore, it is possible that 
an Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions Event could occur in relation to your Securities even 
if the particular Hedging Entity is not directly affected by the change in law but 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. would be affected by such change, were it a party to the 
hedging transactions. For example, a change in U.S. law may affect JPMorgan Chase 
& Co. but may not affect the non-U.S. entity in the JPMorgan Chase group acting as 
the Hedging Entity, but this may nevertheless trigger an Extraordinary Hedge 
Sanctions Event, which may lead to early redemption of the Securities. The rationale 
for the extension of Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions Event to JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
in addition to the Hedging Entity is that the corporate policy of JPMorgan Chase may 
require global uniformity with sanction regimes, even where a sanction only applies to 
JPMorgan Chase & Co.; 
• 
an "Extraordinary Hedge Bail-in Event" - in broad terms, the Hedging Entity or its 
counterparty becomes subject to a resolution regime and, as a result, the obligations of 
the Hedging Entity or its counterparties under hedging transactions in relation to the 
Securities are subject to the exercise of a "bail-in" or other resolution power by the 
relevant resolution authority (or it is likely that the resolution authority will exercise a 
"bail-in" or other resolution power within the next 90 days) or there is otherwise a 
material adverse effect on such hedging transactions; or

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors 
 
45 
 
• 
an "Extraordinary Hedge Currency Disruption Event" - in broad terms, a governmental 
authority introduces, or is likely to introduce within the next 90 days, a new currency 
and/or capital controls and, as a result, the payment obligations under the hedge 
transactions relating to the Securities are redenominated into another currency and/or 
are subject to capital controls and/or such hedge transactions are otherwise materially 
adversely affected, 
The Issue Terms of the relevant Securities will specify whether or not any of the three events 
described above is applicable or not in relation to those Securities. If an event may be both an 
Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event and a "Payment Disruption Event" (as described in Risk 
Factor 5.3 "The occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event may lead to a delay and/or reduced 
payment or a payment in U.S. Dollars or a write down of payment obligations to zero" above) 
and the Issuer elects to early redeem or terminate (as applicable) the Securities, the 
consequences relating to Payment Disruption Events described in Risk Factor 5.3 "The 
occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event may lead to a delay and/or reduced payment or a 
payment in U.S. Dollars or a write down of payment obligations to zero" will not apply. 
On early redemption or termination, as applicable, of the Securities following the occurrence of 
an Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event, you will receive the 'Early Payment Amount' in full 
and final settlement of the Securities. The Early Payment Amount may be less than the original 
purchase price of the Securities and you could lose some or all of your investment. See Risk 
Factor 5.1(b) "The 'Early Payment Amount' may be less than the original invested amount" 
above. 
5.5 
Where applicable, the terms and conditions of the Securities may be adjusted, the 
Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior to their scheduled 
maturity due to the occurrence of a Disruption Event 
A "Disruption Event" is one or more of the following events (in each case, if (i) specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and (ii) "Reference Asset Linked Conditions" is specified 
as "Not Applicable" in relevant Issue Terms): 
• 
a "Change in Law (Hedge)" – in broad terms, due to a change in any applicable law or 
regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (or change in interpretation of 
such law) (i) it becomes illegal or is likely to become illegal within the next 15 calendar 
days prior to the maturity of the Securities for the Underlying Hedge Entity to hold, 
acquire or dispose of any asset in relation to the Underlying Hedge Transactions, or (ii) 
the Underlying Hedge Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations in relation to the Securities 
• 
a "Hedging Disruption" – in broad terms, the Underlying Hedge Entity is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to hedge the risk (e.g. if the Underlying Hedge 
Entity is unable to enter into a hedge, substitute the hedge or to realise the proceeds of 
a hedge) of the Issuer issuing, entering into and performing its obligations under the 
Securities. 
The Issue Terms of the relevant Securities will specify whether or not either of the two events 
described above is applicable or not in relation to those Securities. 
If a "Disruption Event" occurs, the Issuer may adjust the terms and conditions of the Securities, 
or may redeem or terminate the Securities (as applicable) earlier than the specified maturity or 
settlement date. On early redemption or termination (as applicable) of the Securities following 
the occurrence of a Disruption Event, you will receive the "Early Payment Amount" in full and 
final settlement of the Securities. The Early Payment Amount may be less than the original 
purchase price of the Securities and you could lose some or all of your investment. See Risk 
Factor 5.1(b) "The 'Early Payment Amount' may be less than the original invested amount" 
above. 
5.6 
It may not be possible to use the Securities as a perfect hedge against the market risk 
associated with investing in a Reference Asset

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors 
 
46 
 
If you intend to invest in Securities to hedge against the market risk associated with investing 
in a Reference Asset, you should recognise the complexities of utilising Securities in this 
manner. For example, the value of the Securities may not exactly match the value of the 
Reference Asset. Due to fluctuating supply and demand for the Securities, there is no assurance 
that their value will match movements in the value of the Reference Asset. For these reasons, 
among others, it may not be possible to purchase or liquidate Securities in a portfolio at the 
prices used to calculate the value of any Reference Asset(s). Accordingly, due to the above 
factors, you may suffer a loss if you intend to invest in Securities to hedge against the market 
risk associated with investing in a Reference Asset. 
5.7 
There are risks relating to "Inventory Securities" which have been issued prior to the date 
of their purchase 
In the case of Securities which have been issued prior to the date of their purchase which the 
Dealer (or other JPMorgan Chase company) has been holding from time to time on its own 
account ("Inventory Securities"), disclosure in relation to the Reference Asset(s) to which the 
relevant Inventory Securities may be linked (if any) as set forth in the relevant Issue Terms will 
have been extracted by JPMorgan Chase from publicly available sources but will not have been 
prepared or verified by, or on behalf of, JPMorgan Chase. JPMorgan Chase disclaims any 
responsibility for such information. Such information will be out of date and no updated 
information thereon will be provided. If there has been any change in the Reference Asset(s) 
since the date of the relevant Issue Terms, this may have an adverse effect on the pay-out and/or 
value of the relevant Inventory Securities. Moreover, any change in the situation or condition 
of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor (if applicable) since the date of the relevant Issue Terms will 
not be disclosed and may have an adverse effect on the value of the relevant Inventory Securities 
held by you. 
5.8 
There are risks in relation to Securities to be settled by way of physical delivery 
(a) 
You may be required to complete a notice and make certain representations, or else 
you may receive cash instead of physical delivery 
In order to receive the Reference Asset Amount in respect of a Security settled by way 
of Physical Settlement, you may be required to deliver or send to the Relevant Clearing 
System or to any Paying Agent (as applicable) a duly completed Reference Asset 
Transfer Notice on or prior to the relevant time on the Physical Settlement Cut-off Date 
and pay the relevant Delivery Expenses. If you fail to (a) make the relevant 
representations which are set out in the Reference Asset Transfer Notice in respect of the 
delivery of shares of a company (as described in "Purchaser representations and 
requirements and transfer restrictions" - "Representations relating to Securities that may 
be settled by Physical Settlement of Shares" below) or (b) make the required certification 
of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, the Issuer may pay what the Calculation Agent 
determines to be the fair market value of the Reference Assets instead of delivering the 
Reference Asset Amount. 
(b) 
You may be required to pay certain expenses 
If your Securities are subject to Physical Settlement, you must pay all expenses relating 
to delivery of such Securities, including expenses, costs, charges, levies, tax, duties, 
withholding, deductions or other payments including without limitation, all depository, 
custodial, registration, transaction and exercise charges and all stamp, issues, registration 
or, securities transfer or other similar taxes or duties incurred by JPMorgan Chase in 
respect of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities and/or the delivery of the 
Reference Assets. 
5.9 
The Issuer of the Securities may be substituted without your consent 
Save in the case of Belgian Securities, the Issuer of the Securities may be substituted as the 
Issuer of the Securities in favour of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any of its consolidated 
subsidiaries (including the Guarantor), without the consent of the Holders or any right of the 
Holders to object to such substitution. In the case of Securities issued by JPMSP, the right of

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors 
 
47 
 
substitution is subject to: (i) the Issuer or the Guarantor having become obliged (due to a change 
in law) to pay Additional Amounts in accordance with General Condition 20.1 (Obligation to 
pay Additional Amounts) or (ii) the Issuer or any affiliate(s) of the Issuer or any entity (or 
entities) acting on behalf of such Issuer incurring a materially increased cost with respect to 
taxes in performing its obligations in relation to underlying hedging transactions (due to a 
change in law). The right of substitution is conditional on certain terms, including, inter alia, 
that (a) the new issuer provides an indemnity in favour of the Holders of such Securities in 
relation to any additional tax or duties that become payable solely as a result of such substitution, 
(b) where the original issuer is JPMSP, the Securities will remain guaranteed by the Guarantor 
where JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. is not the substitute and (c) the 
Issuer having taken any necessary action to ensure that the Security Interests remain in full force 
and effect upon such substitution or, if such would not be the case, having taken any necessary 
action to have the Collateral Provider grant new security on the same terms as the Security 
Interests and upon such creation references to the Security Interests and any related terms shall 
be construed mutatis mutandis so as to refer to such new security. See General Condition 32 
(Substitution).  
In the case of Belgian Securities only, the Issuer of the Securities may be substituted as the 
Issuer of the Securities in favour of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any of its subsidiaries, without 
the consent of the Holders or any right of the Holders to object to such substitution. The right 
of substitution is subject to certain conditions, namely that (a) the Issuer being substituted 
guarantees the fulfilment of the obligations of the substitute under the Securities and Deed of 
Covenant (save where the Issuer being substituted is subject to legal restructuring), (b) if no 
guarantee pursuant to (a) is required, the substitute must have a long term credit rating from at 
least one internationally recognised credit rating agency active in the international capital 
markets which is at least as high as that of the Issuer being substituted, and (c) on the date of 
substitution, there is no Event of Default in existence and no event having occurred which 
remains in existence which, in the absence of the relevant grace period, would otherwise 
constitute an Event of Default. See General Condition 32 (Substitution). 
5.10 
Purchase of Securities which embed a short position in respect of European stocks and 
indices could be in contravention of any applicable Member State or UK prohibition 
and/or cause an investor to reach a threshold where disclosure of a net short position is 
required under the EU Short Selling Regulation or the UK Short Selling Regulation (as 
applicable) 
Reporting requirement 
Under (i) Regulation (EU) No 236/2012, as amended (the "EU Short Selling Regulation") and 
(ii) for the purposes of the UK only, the EU Short Selling Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the "UK Short Selling Regulation"), 
Holders of Securities holding a net short position in relation to a particular share to which the 
applicable regulation applies (as described below) or a debt instrument issued by a sovereign 
issuer to which the applicable regulation applies (as described below) in the case where the 
investor has reached a certain threshold in relation to such position, must make a disclosure 
thereof to the relevant competent authority. The Securities may include short positions in such 
shares and/or debt instruments and such short positions may fluctuate from time to time. 
Purchasing and holding the Securities may therefore, when taken together with the investor's 
other holdings of relevant shares and/or debt instruments issued by a sovereign issuer, cause the 
Holder to reach one or more thresholds where disclosure, to a relevant competent authority, 
would be required under the EU Short Selling Regulation or the UK Short Selling Regulation, 
as the case may be. There is a similar requirement to make public disclosure of net short 
positions in relation to shares when the public disclosure thresholds under the EU Short Selling 
Regulation or the UK Short Selling Regulation, as the case may be, are met. 
A net short position is the position remaining after deducting any long position held in relation 
to the shares or the debt instrument from any short position in relation to such shares or debt 
instrument, in accordance with the EU Short Selling Regulation or the UK Short Selling 
Regulation, as the case may be. For the purposes of the EU Short Selling Regulation or the UK 
Short Selling Regulation, as the case may be: (i) a short position will include (a) the short sale 
of a share or a debt instrument as well as (b) entering into a transaction which creates or relates

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors 
 
48 
 
to a financial instrument other than that referred to in (a) where the effect or one of the effects 
of the transaction is to confer a financial advantage on the person entering into that transaction 
in the event of a decrease in the price or value of the share or debt instrument; and (ii) a long 
position will include (a) the holding of a share or a debt instrument as well as (b) entering into 
a transaction which creates or relates to a financial instrument other than that referred to in (a) 
where the effect or one of the effects of the transaction is to confer a financial advantage on the 
person entering into that transaction in the event of an increase in the price or value of the share 
or debt instrument. 
The calculation of a short or long position will include any position held by the relevant person 
indirectly, including through or by way of any index, basket of securities or any interest in any 
exchange traded fund or similar entity, determined by the person in question acting reasonably 
having regard to publicly available information as to the composition of the relevant index or 
basket of securities, or of the interests held by the relevant exchange traded fund or similar 
entity. Shares in relation to which the EU Short Selling Regulation or the UK Short Selling 
Regulation, as the case may be, applies are those which are admitted to trading in the EU or the 
UK, respectively, although there is an exemption where the primary listing is outside the EU or 
the UK, respectively, (as determined by the relevant competent authority). Debt instruments in 
relation to which the EU Short Selling Regulation or the UK Short Selling Regulation, as the 
case may be, applies are those issued by EU sovereigns or the UK sovereign, respectively, 
including any special purpose vehicle ("SPV") established by such a sovereign, as well as the 
European Investment Bank and any EU bail–out fund. 
The applicable threshold is subject to change from time to time as set by (i) in the case of the 
EU Short Selling Regulation, ESMA – see the ESMA website (www.esma.europa.eu) for the 
current applicable threshold and (ii) in the case of the UK Short Selling Regulation, HM 
Treasury – see the FCA website (www.fca.org.uk) for the current applicable threshold. 
Prohibition 
The EU Short Selling Regulation or the UK Short Selling Regulation, as the case may be, 
establishes prohibitions on entering into transactions in uncovered short sales of relevant shares 
(as defined above), debt instruments on EU sovereign debt or UK sovereign debt, as the case 
may be, or credit default swaps on such EU debt within Member States or UK debt. The 
prohibition is subject to a number of exemptions, such as the natural or legal person has entered 
into an agreement to borrow the share or has another absolutely enforceable claim under contract 
or property law to be transferred ownership of a corresponding number of securities of the same 
class so that settlement can be effected when it is due.  
Under certain circumstances and subject to certain conditions, the competent authorities of 
Member States and the UK, as the case may be, can introduce temporary prohibitions that extend 
the prohibition set out above. These temporary prohibitions can increase the scope of the 
instruments caught within the prohibition on uncovered short selling. For example, a Member 
State competent authority or the UK competent authority, as the case may be, can prohibit the 
entry into or increase in net short positions over shares (and other instruments, such as EU 
sovereign debt or UK sovereign debt, as the case may be) in respect of which it has the relevant 
market or is the competent authority for as defined by the EU Short Selling Regulation or the 
UK Short Selling Regulation, as the case may be. Such prohibition may extend to derivatives, 
securities and other instruments which embed a short position on the relevant shares and may 
include indices on such instrument.  
Global application 
Both the reporting requirement, the prohibition and any Member State extensions or UK 
extensions, as the case may be, to these prohibitions which may be implemented from time to 
time under the EU Short Selling Regulation or UK Short Selling Regulation apply globally – 
i.e. they will apply to all investors of instruments which are in scope of the reporting 
requirements or prohibition regardless of whether or not the investor is resident in the EU or 
UK, as the case may be, or in another jurisdiction.

--- Page 55 ---
Risk Factors 
 
49 
 
It is your responsibility to monitor your net short positions and to comply with the 
obligations applicable to you under the EU Short Selling Regulation or the UK Short 
Selling Regulation, as the case may be. Failure to do so could lead to sanctions against you 
under the EU Short Selling Regulation or the UK Short Selling Regulation, as the case 
may be. 
5.11 
Securities may be amended without your consent or with the consent of only some of the 
Holders binding all of the Holders of Securities 
(a) 
All Securities other than French Securities and German Securities 
Subject as provided below, the terms and conditions of Securities (other than French 
Securities and German Securities) may be amended by the Issuer without the consent of 
the Holders if the amendment: 
• 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or 
• 
is made to cure a manifest or proven error; or 
• 
is made to cure any ambiguity or is made to correct or supplement any defective 
provisions of the Securities or the Agency Agreement (as applicable); or 
• 
is made to correct an error or omission such that, in the absence of such correction, 
the terms of the Securities would not otherwise represent the intended terms of 
the Securities on which the Securities were sold and have since traded; or 
• 
will not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Holders of the 
Securities. 
In addition, other changes may be made to the terms and conditions with the consent of 
the Holders, subject as provided below with respect to French Securities and German 
Securities. In order to make such changes, the Issuer requires the consent of at least 50 
per cent. of the Holders (in the case of minor amendments) or at least 75 per cent. of the 
Holders (in the case of more fundamental amendments). If the amendment is approved, 
all Holders will be bound including those who did not attend or vote or who do not 
consent to the amendment. Therefore the Issuer may be able to make a change which 
certain Holders have voted against if 50 per cent. or 75 per cent. (as the case may be) of 
the Holders of the entire series of Securities have approved the change.  
(b) 
French Securities  
In the case of French Notes, the terms of the French Notes can only be amended if there 
is a quorate meeting or a written decision of the Holders in accordance with French law. 
The positive vote of two-thirds or more of such Holders present or represented will bind 
the remaining Holders. In the case of French Securities (other than French Notes), the 
terms of the French Securities can only be amended if there is a meeting of the Holders 
in accordance with French law. The positive vote of the majority of Holders will bind 
the remaining Holders.  
In respect of French Notes which have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 
(or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or which can be traded in 
amounts of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the 
Issue Date), the Issuer may amend the Conditions of the Securities without the consent 
of the Holders to correct a manifest error. 
(c) 
German Securities  
In the case of German Securities, the terms and conditions of the Securities may be 
amended by the Issuer without the consent of the Holders, if the amendment is to correct 
any manifest clerical or calculation errors or similar manifest incorrectness. In addition, 
the Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, amend or supplement at its reasonable

--- Page 56 ---
Risk Factors 
 
50 
 
discretion any contradictory or incomplete provisions of the terms and conditions of the 
Securities, provided that such amendments are reasonably acceptable to the Holders.  
Furthermore, the Holders may agree to amendments to the terms and conditions of the 
Securities with regard to matters permitted by the German Bond Act of 2009 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) by resolution with the majority specified in General 
Condition 28.1(e)(ii) proposed by the Issuer. Majority resolutions shall be binding on all 
Holders.  
In all other cases, the terms and conditions of German Securities can only be amended 
with the consent of all of the Holders of such Securities.  
5.12 
There are risks associated with Sustainable Securities 
(a) 
The use of proceeds of the Sustainable Securities to finance Eligible Projects may not 
meet the investment objectives of an investor 
JPMorgan Chase will exercise judgment and use its sole discretion in determining what 
constitutes an Eligible Project (as such term is defined in the section entitled 
"Information relating to Sustainable Securities" of this Base Prospectus below). If the 
intended use of the net proceeds from the issuance of Sustainable Securities is a factor 
in your decision whether to invest in the Sustainable Securities, you should determine 
for yourself the relevance of the information set forth under the section entitled 
"Information relating to Sustainable Securities" of this Base Prospectus and "Use of 
Proceeds" in the relevant Issue Terms, consult with your counsel or other advisors and 
undertake any other investigation you deem necessary before investing in the Sustainable 
Securities. JPMorgan Chase cannot assure you that the Eligible Projects that JPMorgan 
Chase selects for inclusion in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio (as defined herein), and to 
which proceeds from the issuance of the Sustainable Securities may be allocated, will at 
any time meet your expectations concerning direct or indirect environmental or 
sustainability benefits or impacts, expectations for sustainable finance products or any 
criteria or guidelines with which you may wish or be required to comply. In addition, the 
Eligible Projects may have complex environmental, social, sustainability and/or other 
impacts, and adverse environmental, social or sustainability impacts may occur during 
the construction or implementation of an Eligible Project. Furthermore, any Eligible 
Project may become controversial or criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders, 
which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for the Sustainable 
Securities.  
There is currently no universally accepted, global framework or definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, an "ESG" 
(Environmental, Social or Governance), "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", 
"social" or an equivalently-labelled product or project, or as to what precise attributes 
are required for a particular investment, product, project or asset to be defined as "green", 
"sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or such other equivalent label; nor can 
any assurance be given that such a globally accepted definition or consensus will develop 
over time. In the EU, the EU Taxonomy Regulation ("EU Taxonomy") (Regulation (EU) 
2020/852) establishes a classification system (or taxonomy) which seeks to provide a 
common basis to identify whether or not a given economic activity should be considered 
"environmentally sustainable". Also, the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation 
("SFDR") (Regulation (EU) 2019/2088) sets out how financial market participants must 
disclose sustainability information including the criteria to qualify certain investment 
products or their holdings as "sustainable investments". However, this legislation is still 
developing (including through the passage of delegated acts) and the Securities do not 
take into account any of the EU criteria for environmentally sustainable investments as 
set out under the EU Taxonomy Regulation and do not qualify as "sustainable 
investments" under the SFDR. Further, JPMorgan Chase does not currently intend for 
any Sustainable Securities to qualify under the voluntary European Green Bond 
Standard. Save as specified in the section entitled "Information relating to Sustainable 
Securities" of this Base Prospectus, the Sustainable Securities or the Eligible Projects are 
not intended to and no assurance is or can be given to investors that they satisfy, in whole

--- Page 57 ---
Risk Factors 
 
51 
 
or in part, any present or future "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", 
"ESG", or equivalently-labelled certification, criteria, standard, guideline, taxonomy, 
label, voluntary guideline and/or other independent expectation with which an investor 
or its investments may be expected to comply or otherwise seeks to have. The value of 
and market for the Sustainable Securities may be negatively affected if any concerns 
should arise among investors or the market in general about the suitability of the 
Sustainable Securities as "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social" or 
equivalently-labelled bonds or if, more broadly, investor demand for "green", 
"sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social" or equivalently-labelled bonds diminishes due 
to evolving investor preferences, increased regulatory or market scrutiny of investments 
linked to environmental, social or sustainability objectives, or for other reasons. 
There is no assurance or representation given as to the suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by JPMorgan Chase) that may be made available in connection with the 
issuance of the Sustainable Securities, in particular as it regards the ability of an Eligible 
Project to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability or other criteria. No such 
opinion or certification is, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by JPMorgan 
Chase, any agent, dealer or underwriter for the offering of the Sustainable Securities or 
any other person to buy, sell or hold any Sustainable Securities. Investors must determine 
for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification, the information 
contained therein and the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in the Sustainable Securities. To the knowledge of JPMorgan Chase, the 
providers of such opinions and certifications are not currently subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight (however, the European Commission has 
published a proposal which, if eventually passed in its proposed form, would require 
such providers in the EU to be authorised by a European competent authority and be 
subject to a number of other obligations and requirements). In addition, any such 
provider, to the extent engaged by JPMorgan Chase, will receive compensation from 
JPMorgan Chase in connection with the issuance of any such opinion or certification, 
which could give rise to a conflict of interest for such provider. For the avoidance of 
doubt, no such opinion or certification is, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated into this 
Base Prospectus. 
JPMorgan Chase has undertaken to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from 
the issuance of the Sustainable Securities to fund Eligible Projects. However, potential 
investors in Sustainable Securities should consider the following: 
• 
there can be no assurance that the net proceeds from the issuance of the 
Sustainable Securities will be promptly allocated to fund Eligible Projects in 
accordance with any timing schedule and, pending allocation, may be invested 
temporarily in cash, cash equivalents and/or other high quality liquid assets; 
• 
Eligible Projects may be included in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio for up to 24 
months from the date of JPMorgan Chase's financing, investment or disbursement 
of funds for such projects. Accordingly, any or all of the net proceeds from the 
relevant Sustainable Securities offered may be allocated to existing Eligible 
Projects and not to any new or future Eligible Projects; 
• 
JPMorgan Chase has considerable flexibility in allocating the net proceeds from 
the Sustainable Securities, including reallocating the net proceeds if it determines 
in its sole discretion that any project receiving an allocation no longer meets 
JPMorgan Chase's criteria for Eligible Projects; 
• 
while JPMorgan Chase will not knowingly allocate proceeds from the issuance of 
Sustainable Securities to certain activities (see the section entitled "Information 
relating to Sustainable Securities – Excluded Activities" of this Base Prospectus), 
JPMorgan Chase has absolute discretion in determining whether or not any 
particular potential Eligible Project includes any such activities and it is possible 
that the circumstances may be unclear or ambiguous as to whether any such 
activities are taking place or are present in the relevant project; and

--- Page 58 ---
Risk Factors 
 
52 
 
• 
there can be no assurance that any Eligible Projects will be completed within any 
specified time period or at all, or that such Eligible Projects will achieve the 
results or outcome, environmental, social or otherwise, originally expected or 
anticipated by JPMorgan Chase or as contemplated by the information set forth 
under the section entitled "Information relating to Sustainable Securities" of this 
Base Prospectus. 
In the event any Sustainable Securities are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
"green", "environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any 
stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no assurance or 
representation is given by JPMorgan Chase, any dealer or any other person that such 
listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, the expectations of investors 
concerning environmental, social or sustainability benefits, expectations for sustainable 
finance products or any criteria or guidelines with which an investor may be required to 
comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. 
No assurance or representation is given by JPMorgan Chase, any dealer or any other 
person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any 
Sustainable Securities or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be maintained during the life of the relevant Sustainable Securities. 
Any failure of Eligible Projects to achieve the results or outcome originally expected or 
anticipated by JPMorgan Chase or investors, any termination of any listing or admission 
to trading of any Sustainable Securities on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market, any withdrawal of any opinion or certification of a third party or any attestation 
regarding JPMorgan Chase's complying in whole or in part with any matters subject to 
such opinion, certification or attestation, or any change in demand for sustainability- or 
green- or social-themed investment products may have a material adverse effect on the 
return on, value of and market for the Sustainable Securities and may result in adverse 
consequences for investors, especially those with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose. Further, none of such events will constitute 
an Event of Default under the Conditions of the Sustainable Securities or give rise to any 
claim by a Holder of the Sustainable Securities against JPMorgan Chase. 
(b) 
The businesses of the companies represented in the Shares or Index may not be 
consistent with your expectations concerning sustainable companies or your other 
investment criteria 
Where the Sustainable Securities are Share Linked Securities or Index Linked Securities, 
JPMorgan Chase cannot assure you that the businesses of the Share Issuer or companies 
represented in the Index, as the case may be, will at any time or from time to time meet 
your expectations concerning sustainable companies or any criteria or guidelines with 
which you are required to comply. In particular, while the net proceeds from the issuance 
of Sustainable Securities may be allocated to fund Eligible Projects, amounts payable 
and/or deliverable with respect to the Sustainable Securities may be linked to the 
performance of one or more such Reference Assets which do not align with and/or take 
into consideration any "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or 
equivalently-labelled certification, criteria, standard, guideline, taxonomy, label, 
voluntary guideline and/or other independent expectation. In addition, any Share Issuer 
or company represented in the Index, as the case may be, may experience or cause 
adverse environmental, social or other impacts, and any such Share Issuer or company 
represented in the Index may become controversial or criticised by activist groups or 
other stakeholders, which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for 
the Sustainable Securities. Even if the Share Issuer or companies represented in the 
Index, as the case may be, currently operate in a manner that is consistent with your 
expectations and investment criteria, no assurance be given that any such Share Issuer or 
company represented in the Index will continue to do so. A Share Issuer or company 
represented in the Index, as the case may be, may make material modifications to its 
business operations or business model and may enter or exit industry sectors over time. 
JPMorgan Chase cannot assure you that any Share Issuer or company represented in the

--- Page 59 ---
Risk Factors 
 
53 
 
Index, as the case may be, or such Share or Index or the Sustainable Securities will meet 
any or all investor expectations regarding any "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", 
"social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled certification, criteria, standard, guideline, 
taxonomy, label, voluntary guideline and/or other independent expectation. 
6 
Risks related to Securities that are linked to one or more Reference Asset(s) and risks 
associated with specific types of Reference Asset(s) 
6.1 
No legal or beneficial rights in the Reference Asset(s) 
The Issuer has no obligation to hold the Reference Asset. You will not have any legal or 
beneficial rights of ownership in the Reference Asset(s), including, any voting rights, any rights 
to receive dividends or other distributions or any other rights with respect to the Reference 
Asset(s). For example, you will have no claim against any index sponsor or share issuer or any 
other third party in relation to a Reference Asset, and such parties have no obligation to act in 
your interests. Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on the Securities than you would 
have received had you invested directly in the Reference Asset(s) or through another product. 
6.2 
The past performance of a Reference Asset is not indicative of future performance 
Any information about the past performance of a Reference Asset should not be regarded as 
indicative of any future performance of such asset, or as an indication of the range of, or trends 
or fluctuations in, the price or value of such asset that may occur in the future. It is not possible 
to predict the future value of the Securities based on such past performance. Actual results will 
be different, and such differences may be material, and could have a negative impact on the 
value of and return on your Securities. 
6.3 
The market value or return on the Securities may not be comparable or directly 
proportionate to the change in value of such Reference Asset(s) 
Unlike a direct investment in the relevant Reference Asset(s), Securities represent the right to 
receive payment and/or delivery of amounts which will be determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Asset(s). Whilst the return on the Securities will be 
influenced (positively or negatively) by the Reference Asset(s), any change may not be 
comparable or directly proportionate to the change in value of such Reference Asset(s), and you 
may receive less or lose more than if you had invested in the Reference Asset(s) directly or 
through another product. 
6.4 
Risks related to baskets comprised of more than one Reference Asset 
(a) 
A high correlation of basket constituents may have an exaggerated impact on the value 
of and return on the Securities 
Correlation of basket constituents indicates the level of interdependence among the 
individual basket constituents with respect to their performance. If, for example, all of 
the basket constituents originate from the same sector and the same country or region, a 
high positive correlation may generally be assumed. Past rates of correlation may not be 
determinative of future rates of correlation. Although basket constituents may not appear 
to be correlated based on past performance, it may be that they suffer the same adverse 
performance following a general downturn or other economic or political event. Where 
the basket constituents are subject to high correlation, any move in the performance of 
the basket constituents will exaggerate the performance of the Securities, and this could 
have a highly negative (or positive) impact on the value of and return on the Securities. 
(b) 
The negative performance of a single basket constituent may outweigh a positive 
performance of one or more other basket constituents 
Depending on the particular terms of the Securities, even in the case of a positive 
performance of one or more basket constituents, the performance of the basket as a whole 
may be negative if the performance of one or more of the other basket constituents is 
negative to a greater extent. In such case, the negative performance of one or more basket 
constituents could have a negative impact on the value of and return on your Securities.

--- Page 60 ---
Risk Factors 
 
54 
 
(c) 
A small basket, or an unequally weighted basket, will generally leave the basket more 
vulnerable to changes in the value of any particular basket constituent 
The performance of a basket that includes a fewer number of basket constituents will 
generally, subject to the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities, be more affected 
by changes in the value of any particular basket constituent included therein than a basket 
that includes a greater number of basket constituents.  
The performance of a basket that gives greater weight to some basket constituents will 
generally, subject to the particular terms of the Securities, be more affected by changes 
in the value of any such particular basket constituent included therein than a basket that 
gives relatively equal weight to each basket constituent.  
Accordingly, if there are only a few Reference Assets and/or their weighting is not equal, 
the negative performance of only one (or only a few) Reference Asset(s) could have a 
disproportionate impact on the value of and return on the Securities. 
(d) 
A change in composition of a basket may have an adverse effect on basket performance 
Where the Securities grant the Calculation Agent the right, in certain circumstances, to 
adjust the composition of the basket, you should be aware that any replacement basket 
constituent may perform differently from the original basket constituent, which may have 
an adverse effect on the performance of the basket and a negative impact on the value of 
and return on the Securities. 
6.5 
Non-trading days or market disruption events may adversely affect the return on the 
Securities 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a scheduled valuation date falls on a day which is not 
a scheduled trading day or any other day which is subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of the Securities, then the relevant valuation date may be postponed. 
The Calculation Agent may determine that the markets have been affected in a manner that 
prevents it from properly determining the value of a Reference Asset on a scheduled valuation 
date. These events may include disruptions or suspensions of trading in the markets as a whole. 
In such case, the valuation date will be postponed and the return on the Securities could be 
adversely affected. 
If any valuation date is postponed to the last possible day and the market disruption event is still 
occurring on that day or such day is not a trading day, the Calculation Agent will nevertheless 
determine the value of that Reference Asset(s) on such last possible day. 
Any such determination by the Calculation Agent may have a negative impact on the value of 
and return on the Securities. 
6.6 
Risks related to Securities that are linked to one or more Shares, ADRs, GDRs and ETFs 
as Reference Assets 
An investment in Securities that are linked to one or more Shares, American Depository 
Receipts ("ADRs"), Global Depositary Receipts ("GDRs") and/or exchange traded funds 
("ETFs") entails significant risks in addition to those associated with investments in a 
conventional debt security, including as discussed below. 
(a) 
The performance of the Share(s) will depend on many diverse and unpredictable 
factors 
The performance of common shares, ADRs, GDRs and ETFs is dependent upon 
macroeconomic factors, such as interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency 
developments and political factors, and company-specific factors such as earnings 
position, market position, risk situation, market liquidity for the Shares, shareholder 
structure and dividend policy. Any one or a combination of such factors could adversely

--- Page 61 ---
Risk Factors 
 
55 
 
affect the performance of the Share(s) which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on the 
value of and return on your Securities. 
(b) 
No claim against the Share Issuer or recourse to the Shares 
Share Linked Securities do not represent a claim against or an investment in any Share 
Issuer and you will not have any right of recourse under the Securities to any such 
company or the Shares. The Securities are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or 
promoted by any Share Issuer and such companies have no obligation to take into 
account the consequences of their actions on Holders of Securities. The issuer of a Share 
may take any actions in respect of such Share without regard to your interests as a Holder 
of Securities, and any of these actions could adversely affect the value of and return on 
the Securities. 
(c) 
No right to participate in dividends or any other distributions 
Unless otherwise specified to be applicable in the terms and conditions, holders of 
Securities linked to common shares, ADRs, GDRs or ETFs will not participate in 
dividends or any other distributions paid on such Reference Assets. Therefore, the return 
on the Securities may be lower than holding such Reference Asset(s) directly or through 
another product. 
(d) 
Determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of Potential Adjustment 
Events, Extraordinary Events, Additional Disruption Events and a Successor Index 
Event (ETF) (relating to shares of Exchange Traded Funds) may have an adverse 
effect on the value of the Securities 
Upon determining that a Potential Adjustment Event, Extraordinary Event or Additional 
Disruption Event has occurred in relation to an underlying Share or Share Issuer, or a 
Successor Index Event (ETF) has occurred in relation to a share of an Exchange Traded 
Fund, the Calculation Agent has discretionary authority under the terms and conditions 
of the Securities to make certain determinations to account for such event including to 
(i) make adjustments to the terms of the Securities and/or (ii) (in the case of an 
Extraordinary Event, an Additional Disruption Event or a Successor Index Event (ETF)) 
cause early redemption of the Securities, any of which determinations may have an 
adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities.  
• 
Potential Adjustment Events: these include (A) a sub-division, consolidation or 
re-classification of the Shares, (B) an extraordinary dividend, (C) a call of the 
Shares that are not fully paid, (D) a repurchase by the issuer, or an affiliate thereof, 
of the Shares, (E) a separation of rights from the Shares or (F) any event having 
a dilutive or concentrative effect on the value of the Shares.  
• 
Extraordinary Events: these include (A) a delisting of the Shares on an exchange, 
(B) an insolvency (where all the Shares of the Share Issuer are transferred to a 
trustee, liquidator or similar official or may not be legally transferred) or 
bankruptcy of the issuer of the Shares, (C) a merger event entailing the 
consolidation of the Shares with those of another entity, (D) a nationalisation of 
the issuer of the Shares or transfer of the Shares to a governmental entity, (E) a 
tender offer or takeover offer that results in transfer of the Shares to another entity, 
or (F) (in the case of shares of Exchange Traded Funds and if specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) a failure to publish the net asset value for 
more than a short period and/or which is non-temporary in nature and has a 
material effect on the Securities, or a permanent cancellation or material 
modification of the index underlying the Exchange Traded Fund.  
• 
Additional Disruption Events: these include (A) a change in applicable law since 
the Issue Date that makes it illegal for any of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
and/or any of their respective affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of the Shares 
or (if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) more expensive for 
the Issuer to hedge its obligations under the relevant Securities or (B) if specified

--- Page 62 ---
Risk Factors 
 
56 
 
to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, (I) an insolvency or bankruptcy filing 
by or on behalf of the underlying Share Issuer or (II) a "Hedging Disruption", 
meaning that the hedging entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (1) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk 
of the Issuer issuing and the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to or 
in connection with the relevant Securities, or (2) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
• 
Successor Index Event (ETF): this is an event whereby the index underlying the 
Exchange Traded Fund is either calculated and announced by a successor sponsor 
or replaced by a successor index using the same or substantially similar 
calculation formula and method as the index.  
It will generally not be possible to anticipate the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment 
Event, Extraordinary Event, Additional Disruption Event or a Successor Index Event 
(ETF), and the occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on the 
value of and return on the Securities. 
(e) 
Holders may receive physical settlement of Shares in lieu of payment of cash amounts 
Where the Securities include the right of the Issuer, subject to the fulfilment of a 
particular condition, to redeem the Securities at their maturity by delivering Shares to the 
investor in such Securities, you will receive such Shares rather than a monetary amount 
upon maturity. You should not assume that you will be able to sell such Shares for a 
specific price after the redemption of the Securities, or that the sale price of the Shares 
will be equivalent to the purchase price of the Securities. Under certain circumstances 
the Shares may only have a very low value or may, in fact, be worthless. You may also 
be subject to certain documentary or stamp taxes in relation to the delivery and/or 
disposal of such Shares. See also Risk Factor 5.8 "There are risks in relation to Securities 
to be settled by way of physical delivery" above. 
(f) 
Additional Risks related to Securities that are linked to one or more American 
Depositary Receipts (ADRs) and Global Depositary Receipts (GDRs) as Reference 
Assets 
An investment in Securities linked to Depositary Receipts (comprising American 
Depositary Receipts or Global Depositary Receipts) entails significant risks in addition 
to those associated with Share Linked Securities (as described above) and with 
investments in a conventional debt security, including as discussed below: 
 
Depositary Receipts do not reflect a direct investment in the Underlying Shares 
There are important differences between the rights of holders of Depositary 
Receipts and the rights of holders of the stock of the Underlying Share Issuer 
represented by such Depositary Receipts. A Depositary Receipt is a security that 
represents capital stock of the relevant Underlying Share Issuer. The relevant 
deposit agreement for the Depositary Receipt sets forth the rights and 
responsibilities of the Depositary (being the issuer of the Depositary Receipt), the 
Underlying Share Issuer and holders of the Depositary Receipt which may be 
different from the rights of holders of the Underlying Shares. For example, the 
Underlying Share Issuer may make distributions in respect of its Underlying 
Shares that are not passed on to the holders of its Depositary Receipts. Any such 
differences between the rights of holders of the Depositary Receipts and holders 
of the Underlying Shares of the Underlying Share Issuer may be significant and 
may materially and adversely affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
 
Risk of non-recognition of beneficial ownership of the Underlying Shares  
The legal owner of the Underlying Shares is the custodian bank which at the same 
time is the issuing agent of the Depositary Receipts. Depending on the jurisdiction

--- Page 63 ---
Risk Factors 
 
57 
 
under which the Depositary Receipts have been issued and the jurisdiction to 
which the custodian agreement is subject, it is possible that the corresponding 
jurisdiction would not recognise the purchaser of the Depositary Receipts as the 
actual beneficial owner of the Underlying Shares. Particularly in the event that 
the custodian becomes insolvent or that enforcement measures are taken against 
the custodian following a default by it, it is possible that an order restricting free 
disposition could be issued with respect to the Underlying Shares or that such 
shares are realised within the framework of an enforcement measure against the 
custodian. If this is the case, the holder of the Depositary Receipt loses the rights 
under the Underlying Shares and the Securities would become worthless.  
 
Distributions on the Underlying Shares may not be passed on to the Depositary 
Receipts 
An issuer of the Underlying Shares may make distributions in respect of its shares 
that are not passed on to holders of its Depositary Receipts. This could have a 
negative adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
(g) 
Additional risks related to Securities that are linked to one or more Exchange Traded 
Funds (ETFs) as Reference Assets 
An investment in Securities linked to shares of ETFs entails significant risks in addition 
to those associated with Share Linked Securities (as described above) and with 
investments in a conventional debt security, including as described below: 
 
The performance of an ETF will depend on many diverse and unpredictable 
factors and there can be no assurance it will achieve its investment objectives 
An ETF may seek to track the performance of an index, a basket of assets or 
specific single assets (each, a "fund underlying benchmark"). The performance 
of an ETF may be dependent upon macroeconomic factors, such as interest and 
price levels on the capital markets, currency developments and political factors, 
and company-specific factors such as earnings position, market position, risk 
situation, market liquidity of the shares comprising the fund underlying 
benchmark, or the shareholder structure and dividend policy relating to the issuers 
of underlying shares of the fund underlying benchmark. As these factors are 
beyond the control of the management company, sponsor or trustee of the ETF, 
there can be no assurance that the management company, sponsor or trustee will 
achieve the investment objectives of the ETF. 
The net asset value of a share of an ETF may be calculated from the prices of 
underlying shares relating to the fund underlying benchmark, without taking into 
account the value of dividends paid on the shares of the fund underlying 
benchmark. Therefore, an investment in Securities which are linked to a share of 
an ETF is not the same as a direct investment in the fund underlying benchmark 
and may result in a lower yield than a direct investment in such index or shares 
or in another product. 
 
No claim against the management company, sponsor or trustee of an ETF or 
recourse to the ETF shares 
Securities linked to shares of an ETF do not represent a claim against or an 
investment in any management company, sponsor or trustee of the ETF and you 
will not have any right of recourse under the Securities to any such company, 
sponsor or trustee or the shares of the ETF. The Securities are not in any way 
sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any management company, sponsor or 
trustee of the ETF and such entities have no obligation to take into account the 
consequences of their actions on Holders of Securities. Accordingly, the 
management company, sponsor or trustee of an ETF may take any actions in 
respect of shares of the ETF without regard to your interests as a Holder of

--- Page 64 ---
Risk Factors 
 
58 
 
Securities, and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of and 
return on the Securities. 
 
There may be conflicts of interest in relation to the ETF 
In the operation of an ETF certain conflicts of interest may arise that can have 
negative impacts on the performance of such fund. For persons involved in the 
fund management or advisory activities in relation to the ETF conflicts of interest 
can arise from retrocessions or other inducements. In addition, persons involved 
in the fund management or advisory activities to the ETF or their employees may 
provide services such as management, trading or advisory services for third 
parties at the same time. Although they will usually aim to distribute the 
investment opportunities equally to their clients, the fund portfolio and portfolios 
of other clients may differ even if their investment objectives are similar. Any of 
these persons might be induced to allocate lucrative assets first to a portfolio 
involving the highest fees. Persons providing management, trading or advisory 
services to the ETF may make recommendations or enter into transactions which 
are different to those of the ETF or may even compete with the ETF. Any such 
behaviour by persons involved in the fund management or advisory activities may 
adversely affect the performance of the ETF, which may in turn negatively affect 
the value of and return on Securities linked to such ETF. 
 
The performance of an ETF may not correlate with the performance of its fund 
underlying benchmark and, particularly during periods of market volatility, the 
ETF share price performance may not correlate with its net asset value 
An ETF may not fully replicate its fund underlying benchmark and may hold 
securities different from those included in its fund underlying benchmark. Also, 
the performance of an ETF will in most cases reflect additional transaction costs 
and/or fees that are not included in the calculation of the level of its fund 
underlying benchmark. Further, corporate actions with respect to the equity 
securities underlying an ETF (such as mergers and spin-offs) may lead to variance 
between the performance of such ETF and that of its fund underlying benchmark. 
Any or all of these factors may lead to a lack of correlation between the 
performance of an ETF and that of its fund underlying benchmark. 
Because the shares of an ETF are traded on an exchange and are therefore subject 
to market supply and investor demand, the share price of an ETF may differ from 
the net asset value of a share of the ETF. The share price performance of an ETF 
and its net asset value may also vary due to market volatility. For example, during 
periods of market volatility, the liquidity of the shares of an ETF may be adversely 
affected and market participants may be unable to accurately calculate the net 
asset value per share of the ETF. Market volatility may also impair the ability of 
market participants to issue new shares and redeem existing shares in the ETF. 
Further, market volatility may have a material adverse effect on the prices at 
which market participants are willing to buy and sell shares of the ETF. As a 
result, in circumstances of market volatility, the share price of an ETF may vary 
substantially from the net asset value per share of the ETF. 
For all of these reasons, the performance of an ETF may not correlate with the 
performance of its fund underlying benchmark, and the share price performance 
of the ETF may vary substantially from its net asset value. This lack of correlation 
could have a material adverse effect on the return on and value of your Securities. 
You may receive a lower return on your Securities than if you had invested 
directly in the shares of the ETF or in another product. 
 
An ETF may involve varying degrees of risk depending on the tracking 
techniques employed by the management company 
For the purpose of tracking the performance of a fund underlying benchmark, the 
management company may use full replication (i.e. investing directly in all

--- Page 65 ---
Risk Factors 
 
59 
 
components comprised in the fund underlying benchmark), synthetic replication 
(such as using a swap) or other tracking techniques (such as sampling). An ETF 
may involve varying degrees of risk depending on the tracking techniques 
employed by the management company. 
When full replication or synthetic replication techniques are used, an ETF is 
exposed to an unlimited risk of the negative performance of the fund underlying 
benchmark. In addition, such ETF may not be able to acquire all components of 
its fund underlying benchmark or sell them at reasonable prices. This can affect 
the ETF's ability to replicate the fund underlying benchmark and may have a 
negative effect on the ETF's overall performance. 
ETFs using swaps for synthetic replication of the fund underlying benchmark may 
be exposed to the risk of a default of their swap counterparties. See Risk Factor 
6.6(g)(vi) "Synthetic ETFs may involve additional risks due to the use of 
derivative instruments". 
ETFs replicating the fund underlying benchmark using sampling techniques may 
create portfolios of assets which are not components of the fund underlying 
benchmark at all or comprise only some components of the fund underlying 
benchmark. Therefore, the risk profile of such ETFs is not necessarily consistent 
with the risk profile of their fund underlying benchmark. 
The value of and return on Securities linked to an ETF may in turn be adversely 
affected if the performance of such ETF is affected by the risks associated with 
the tracking techniques employed by the management company. 
 
Synthetic ETFs may involve additional risks due to the use of derivative 
instruments 
Typically, synthetic ETFs follow a strategy of investing in swaps and derivative 
instruments with an aim to replicate the performance of a fund underlying 
benchmark. Investors investing in Securities linked to synthetic ETFs should 
consider the additional risks inherent in the use of swaps and derivative 
instruments: 
(i) 
Counterparty risk: In addition to exposure to the Issuer's credit risk (and, 
if there is a Guarantor, the credit risk of the Guarantor) and the credit risk 
in respect of the underlying ETF, investors in Securities linked to synthetic 
ETFs are exposed to the credit risk of counterparties which have issued the 
swaps or derivative instruments that underlie synthetic ETFs 
("Derivatives 
Issuers"). 
Derivatives 
Issuers 
are 
predominantly 
international financial institutions and there is a risk that the failure of one 
Derivatives Issuer could have a knock-on effect and lead to the insolvency 
of other Derivatives Issuers. Although Derivatives Issuers may have 
collateralised their obligations under the relevant derivative instruments, 
there is a residual risk that the market value of the collateral posted could 
have fallen substantially when the synthetic ETFs seeks to realise the 
collateral and could be worth less than the outstanding obligations under 
the relevant derivative instruments. In such case, the holders of Securities 
may suffer loss of their investment for the amount of the shortfall between 
the value of the collateral and the amounts due under the Securities linked 
to such synthetic ETFs. 
(ii) 
Management risk: Synthetic ETFs are managed in a "passive" manner. 
This means that investments are made in swap and derivative instruments 
relating to underlying indices or benchmarks without the possibility to 
acquire or dispose of assets on an active basis in accordance with 
economic, financial and market analysis and investment judgements made 
by the fund's investment adviser. Accordingly, there is a risk that the 
passive investment strategy of such fund's investment adviser may not

--- Page 66 ---
Risk Factors 
 
60 
 
produce the intended results. For instance, the synthetic ETF may not be 
able to reduce the downside of poorly performing investments through 
timely disposition of assets in the portfolio. This may have an adverse 
effect on the value of synthetic ETF and therefore on the value of and 
return on Securities linked to such synthetic ETFs. 
(iii) 
Liquidity risk: Synthetic ETFs are typically not liquid or not as liquid as 
other ETFs. This is because swaps and derivative instruments may not be 
traded on the secondary market. As a consequence of the limited liquidity, 
wider bid-offer spreads may apply to such derivative instruments and this 
may result in increased operating costs and potential losses for the 
synthetic ETFs and accordingly the value of and return on Securities 
linked to such synthetic ETFs will be adversely affected. 
(iv) 
Tracking error: Although synthetic ETFs track the fund underlying 
benchmark, there is a risk that a discrepancy occurs between the value of 
the synthetic ETF and the value of the fund underlying benchmark. This 
could be the result of a failure of the tracking strategy of the synthetic ETF, 
currency differences between the ETF and/or the fund underlying 
benchmark, and/or fees and expenses charged in connection with the 
synthetic ETF. The occurrence of such discrepancy could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on Securities linked to such 
synthetic ETF. 
(v) 
Trading at a discount or a premium: There is a risk that synthetic ETFs 
are traded at a premium or discount of their net asset value. This may occur 
if the fund underlying benchmark is subject to restrictions or limitation for 
instance a limitation on foreign investment imposed in the jurisdiction to 
which the fund underlying benchmark relates. Investors that acquire 
Securities linked to a synthetic ETF at a premium are subject to the risk 
that they may not be able to recover the premium in the event of 
termination of underlying ETFs or the Securities, as this could have a 
negative impact on the value of and return on the Securities. 
(h) 
An ETF may overly concentrate on a certain class of underlying assets or assets 
located in specific countries 
An ETF may in accordance with its fund rules concentrate its assets with a focus on 
certain countries, regions, asset classes or industry sectors while replicating the fund 
underlying benchmark. This can result in the ETF being subject to a higher volatility and 
further risks as compared to funds with a broader diversification as regards countries, 
regions or industry sectors. Such risks may include the risk of government interventions 
resulting in a total or partial loss of assets or of the ability to acquire or sell them at the 
management company's discretion. Such markets may not be regulated in a manner 
typically expected from more developed markets. If an ETF concentrates its assets in 
emerging markets, this may involve a higher degree of risk as exchanges and markets in 
these emerging market countries may be subject to stronger volatility than exchanges 
and markets in more developed countries. Political changes, foreign currency exchange 
restrictions, foreign exchange controls, taxes, restrictions on foreign investments and 
repatriation of invested capital can have a negative impact on the investment result and 
therefore the value of shares of the ETF. 
 
ETFs are subject to tax and currency risks, which may indirectly affect the value of 
Securities linked to such ETFs 
The tax status of ETFs in those jurisdictions in which they conduct their business and/or 
any change in taxation rules or treatment in such jurisdictions could affect the value of 
the assets of such ETFs or the ability of such ETFs to achieve their investment objectives. 
Consequently, this could adversely affect the value of Securities linked to such ETFs.

--- Page 67 ---
Risk Factors 
 
61 
 
In addition, remittance of income and capital gains generated by underlying investments 
of ETFs in certain countries may be dependent on there being liquidity in the relevant 
local currency and the absence of foreign exchange controls which inhibit or prevent the 
repatriation of such gains. In any such circumstances, the value of the notional shares of 
ETFs may be adversely affected and as a result the relevant ETFs and the value of the 
Securities linked to such ETFs may be adversely affected. 
6.7 
Risks related to Securities that are linked to one or more Indices as Reference Assets 
An investment in Index Linked Securities entails significant risks in addition to those associated 
with investments in a conventional debt security, including as described below. 
(a) 
The performance of an Index will depend on many diverse and unpredictable factors 
Indices are comprised of a synthetic portfolio of shares or other assets, and as such, the 
performance of an Index is dependent upon the macroeconomic factors relating to the 
shares or other components that comprise such Index, which may include interest and 
price levels on the capital markets, currency developments, political factors and (in the 
case of shares) company-specific factors such as earnings position, market position, risk 
situation, market liquidity for the constituent shares, shareholder structure and dividend 
policy. Any one or a combination of such factors could adversely affect the performance 
of the relevant Index which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on the value of and 
return on your Securities. 
(b) 
Returns on the Securities do not reflect direct investment in underlying shares or other 
constituents of the Index  
The return payable on Securities that reference one or more Indices may not be the same 
as the return you would realise if you actually owned the relevant assets comprising the 
components of the Index. For example, if the components of the Indices are shares, 
holders of Securities will not receive any dividends paid on those shares and will not 
participate in the return on those dividends, save where the relevant Index takes such 
dividends into account for purposes of calculating the relevant level. Similarly, holders 
of Securities will not have any voting rights in the underlying shares or any other assets 
which may comprise the components of the relevant Index. Accordingly, you may 
receive a lower return on Securities linked to Indices than you would have received if 
you had invested in the components of such Indices directly or in another product.  
(c) 
The type and rules of the Index (or Indices) to which the Securities are linked may 
have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities 
Price Return and Total Return Indices 
The rules governing the composition and calculation of the relevant Index may stipulate 
that dividends paid on its components are included in the calculation of the index level 
(a "total return" index) or are not included in the calculation of the index level (a "price 
return" index). 
Where Securities are linked to a "price return" index, holders of the Securities will not 
participate in dividends paid on the components comprising the Index. As a result, 
holders of Securities linked to such Index would lose the benefit of any dividends paid 
by the components of the Index and such Securities may not perform as well as a position 
where such holder had invested directly in such components or where they invested in a 
"total return" version of the Index, or in another product.  
In the case of Securities linked to a "total return" index, net dividends (in the case of a 
"net total return" index) or gross dividends (in the case of a "gross total return" index) 
paid on its components are included in the calculation of the index level. In the case of a 
"net total return" index, dividends paid on its components may not be fully reinvested in 
the Index and accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to such 
Index than you would have received if you had invested in the components of such Index 
directly or in another product.

--- Page 68 ---
Risk Factors 
 
62 
 
Decrement Indices 
If the Index has a "decrement" feature, the return on such Index will be calculated by 
reinvesting net dividends or gross dividends (depending on the type and rules of such 
Index) paid by its components and by subtracting on a daily basis a pre-defined amount 
(a "Synthetic Dividend"). The Synthetic Dividend may be defined as a percentage of 
the index level or as a fixed number of index points. Investors should note that any of the 
following factors, where applicable, could adversely affect the value of and return on 
Securities linked to a "decrement" index: 
• 
An Index with a "decrement" feature will underperform a "total return" index that 
is used as a base index to calculate such Index since the latter is calculated without 
the deduction of a Synthetic Dividend. Similarly, where such Index tracks the 
performance of a single component security, the Index will underperform a direct 
investment in such component security as such investment would benefit from 
dividends paid by the component security without the deduction of a Synthetic 
Dividend. 
• 
An Index with a "decrement" feature will underperform the corresponding "price 
return" index if the amount of dividends paid by the components of such Index is 
less than the amount of the Synthetic Dividend deducted. Where such Index tracks 
the performance of a single component security, the Index will underperform a 
direct investment in such component security as such investment would benefit 
from dividends paid by the component security without the deduction of a 
Synthetic Dividend. 
• 
Where the Synthetic Dividend is defined as a fixed number of index points (as 
opposed to a percentage of the index level), the Synthetic Dividend yield 
(calculated as the ratio of the fixed index point decrement to the relevant 
decrement index level) will increase in a falling equities market as the Synthetic 
Dividend is a fixed amount. In such scenario, the fixed deduction will have a 
greater negative impact on the index level of the relevant Index than if the 
Synthetic Dividend was defined as a percentage of the index level. It is even 
possible that in a steeply falling market scenario the index level could become 
negative, since the amount of decrement expressed in index points will not vary 
with the level of the decrement index. 
(d) 
The composition or methodology of the Index could adversely affect the market value 
of the Securities 
The sponsor of any Index may add, delete or substitute the components of such Index or 
make other methodological changes that could change the level of one or more 
components. The changing of components of any Index may affect the level of such 
Index as a newly added component may perform significantly worse or better than the 
component it replaces, which in turn may affect the payments made by the Issuer to you 
under the Securities. The sponsor of any such Index may also alter, discontinue or 
suspend calculation or dissemination of such Index. The sponsor of an Index will have 
no involvement in the offer and sale of the Securities and will have no obligation to any 
Holder of Securities. The sponsor of an Index may take any actions in respect of such 
Index without regard to the interests of the Holders of Securities, and any of these actions 
could have a material adverse impact on the value of and return on the Securities. 
(e) 
Consequences of Index Modification, Index Cancellation, Index Disruption and 
Correction of Index levels  
The Calculation Agent has discretionary authority under the terms and conditions of the 
Securities to make certain determinations and adjustments following an Index 
Modification (broadly, changes in the methodology of the Index), Index Cancellation 
(permanent cancellation of the Index) and Index Disruption (failure to calculate and 
publish the level of the Index). The Calculation Agent may determine that the 
consequence of any such event is to make adjustments to the Securities, or to replace

--- Page 69 ---
Risk Factors 
 
63 
 
such Index with another or to cause early redemption of the Securities. The Calculation 
Agent may (subject to the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities) also amend 
the relevant Index level due to corrections in the level reported by the Index Sponsor. 
Any such determination may have a negative adverse effect on the value of and return 
on the Securities. 
(f) 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events 
Save in the case of Belgian Securities, upon determining that an Additional Disruption 
Event has occurred in relation to the Components of the Index, the Calculation Agent 
has discretionary authority under the terms and conditions of the Securities to make 
certain determinations to account for such event including to (i) make adjustments to the 
terms of the Securities and/or (ii) cause early redemption of the Securities, any of which 
determinations may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities.  
Additional Disruption Events include (A) a change in applicable law since the Issue Date 
that makes it illegal for any of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and/or any of their 
respective affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of the Components of the Index or (if 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) more expensive for the Issuer to 
hedge its obligations under the relevant Securities or (B) if specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, a "Hedging Disruption", meaning that the hedging entity is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (I) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and the Issuer performing its 
obligations with respect to or in connection with the relevant Securities, or (II) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). Any such 
determination may have a negative adverse effect on the value of and return on the 
Securities. 
In the case of Belgian Securities only, upon determining that an Additional Disruption 
Event has occurred in relation to the Components of the Index (i.e. a change in applicable 
law which makes it illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of Components of the Index in the 
jurisdiction of such Components or that of the Issuer or the Guarantor), the Calculation 
Agent may make certain determinations to account for such event including to (i) make 
adjustments to the terms of the Securities and/or (ii) cause early redemption of the 
Securities, any of which determinations may have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Securities. 
(g) 
There are additional risks in relation to Commodity Indices 
See Risk Factor 6.8(d) "Risks related to the "rolling" of commodity futures contracts 
(including commodity futures contracts which are Components of a Commodity Index)" 
below. 
6.8 
Risks related to Securities that are linked to one or more Commodities and Commodity 
Indices as Reference Assets 
An investment in Commodity Linked Securities entails significant risks in addition to those 
associated with investments in a conventional debt security, including those described below. 
(a) 
Factors affecting the performance of Commodities may adversely affect the value of 
the Securities; Commodity prices may be more volatile than other asset classes 
Trading in commodities is speculative and may be extremely volatile. Commodity prices 
are affected by a variety of factors that are unpredictable including, for example, changes 
in supply and demand relationships, weather patterns and extreme weather conditions, 
environmental disasters, governmental programmes and policies, national and 
international political, military, terrorist and economic events, fiscal, monetary and 
exchange control programmes and changes in interest and exchange rates. Commodities 
markets are subject to temporary distortions or other disruptions due to various factors, 
including lack of liquidity, the participation of speculators and government regulation

--- Page 70 ---
Risk Factors 
 
64 
 
and intervention. These circumstances could also adversely affect prices of the relevant 
commodity. Therefore, commodity prices may be more volatile than other asset classes 
and investments in commodities may be riskier than other investments. Such volatility 
may have an adverse effect on the value of and return on Securities linked to commodities 
and commodity indices. 
(b) 
Commodities may reference physical commodities or commodity contracts, and certain 
commodity contracts may be traded on unregulated or "under-regulated" exchanges  
Commodities comprise both (i) "physical" commodities, which need to be stored and 
transported, and which are generally traded at a "spot" price, and (ii) commodity 
contracts, which are agreements either to (a) buy or sell a set amount of an underlying 
physical commodity at a predetermined price and delivery period, or to (b) make and 
receive a cash payment based on changes in the price of the underlying physical 
commodity.  
Commodity contracts may be traded on regulated specialised futures exchanges (such as 
futures contracts). Commodity contracts may also be traded directly between market 
participants "over-the-counter" on trading facilities that are subject to lesser degrees of 
regulation or, in some cases, no substantive regulation. Accordingly, trading in such 
"over-the-counter" contracts may not be subject to the same provisions as, and the 
protections afforded to, contracts traded on regulated specialised futures exchanges, and 
there may therefore be additional risks related to the liquidity and price histories of the 
relevant contracts, which risks may have an adverse effect on the value of and return on 
Securities linked to commodities and commodity indices. 
(c) 
Commodity Linked Securities which are linked to commodity futures contracts may 
provide a different return than Commodity Linked Securities linked to the relevant 
physical commodity and will have other risks 
The price of a futures contract on a commodity will generally be at a premium or at a 
discount to the spot price of the underlying commodity. This discrepancy is due to such 
factors as (i) the need to adjust the spot price due to related expenses (e.g., warehousing, 
transport and insurance costs) and (ii) different methods being used to evaluate general 
factors affecting the spot and the futures markets. In addition, and depending on the 
commodity, there can be significant differences in the liquidity of the spot and the futures 
markets. Accordingly, Commodity Linked Securities which are linked to commodity 
futures contracts may provide a different return than Commodity Linked Securities 
linked to the relevant physical commodity. 
Investments in futures contracts involve other risks, including liquidity risks. A holder 
of a futures position may find that such position becomes illiquid because certain 
commodity exchanges limit fluctuations in such futures contract prices pursuant to "daily 
limits". Once the price of a particular futures contract has increased or decreased by an 
amount equal to the daily limit, positions in the contract can neither be taken nor 
liquidated unless holders are willing to effect trades at or within the limit. This could 
prevent a holder from promptly liquidating unfavourable positions and subject it to 
substantial losses. Futures contract prices in various commodities occasionally have 
exceeded the daily limit for several consecutive days with little or no trading. Any such 
losses in such circumstances could have a negative adverse effect on the value of and 
return on Securities a Reference Asset of which is the affected futures contract. 
In the case of a direct investment in commodity futures contracts, the invested capital 
may be applied in whole or in part by way of collateral in respect of the future claims of 
the respective counterparties under the commodity futures contracts. Such capital will 
generally bear interest, and the interest yield will increase the return of the investor 
making such direct investment. However, holders of Securities linked to the price of 
commodity futures contracts do not participate in such interest yields from the 
hypothetical fully collateralised investment in commodity futures contracts and, 
therefore, may realise a lower return than if they had invested directly in commodity 
futures contracts or another product.

--- Page 71 ---
Risk Factors 
 
65 
 
(d) 
Risks related to the "rolling" of commodity futures contracts (including commodity 
futures contracts which are Components of a Commodity Index) 
Commodity contracts have a predetermined expiration date - i.e. a date on which trading 
of the commodity contract ceases. Holding a commodity contract until expiration will 
result in delivery of the underlying physical commodity or the requirement to make or 
receive a cash settlement. Alternatively, "rolling" the commodity contracts means that 
the commodity contracts that are nearing expiration (the "near-dated commodity 
contracts") are sold before they expire and commodity contracts that have an expiration 
date further in the future (the "longer-dated commodity contracts") are purchased. 
Investments in commodities apply "rolling" of the component commodity contracts in 
order to maintain an on-going exposure to such commodities.  
"Rolling" can affect the value of an investment in commodities in a number of ways, 
including: 
 
The investment in commodity contracts may be increased or decreased through 
"rolling": Where the price of a near-dated commodity contract is greater than the 
price of the longer-dated commodity contract (the commodity is said to be in 
"backwardation"), then "rolling" from the former to the latter will result in 
exposure to a greater number of the longer-dated commodity contract being taken. 
Therefore, any loss or gain on the new positions for a given movement in the 
prices of the commodity contract will be greater than if one had synthetically held 
the same number of commodity contracts as before the "roll". Conversely, where 
the price of the near-dated commodity contract is lower than the price of the 
longer-dated commodity contract (the commodity is said to be in "contango"), 
then "rolling" will result in exposure to a smaller number of the longer-dated 
commodity contract being taken. Therefore, any gain or loss on the new positions 
for a given movement in the prices of the commodity contract will be less than if 
one had synthetically held the same number of commodity contracts as before the 
"roll". 
 
Where a commodity contract is in contango (or, alternatively, backwardation) 
such may be expected to (though it may not) have a negative (or, alternatively, 
positive) effect over time: Where a commodity contract is in "contango", then the 
price of the longer-dated commodity contract will generally be expected to (but 
may not) decrease over time as it nears expiry. In such event, "rolling" is generally 
expected to have a negative effect on an investment in the commodity contract. 
Where a commodity contract is in "backwardation", then the price of the longer-
dated commodity contract will generally be expected to (but may not) increase 
over time as it nears expiry. In such event, the investment in the relevant 
commodity contract can generally be expected to be positively affected.  
In the case of Securities which are linked to a Commodity which is a commodity contract, 
the commodity contract will simply be changed without liquidating or entering into any 
positions in the commodity contracts. Accordingly, the effects of "rolling" described 
above do not apply directly to the Reference Asset and the Securities. As a result, a holder 
of such Securities will not participate directly in possible effects of "rolling". However, 
other market participants may act in accordance with the mechanism of "rolling" and 
such behaviour may have an indirect adverse impact on the value of the Reference Asset 
for the Securities. 
Commodity indices are indices which track the performance of a basket of commodity 
contracts on certain commodities, depending on the particular index. The weighting of 
the respective commodities included in a commodity index will depend on the particular 
index, and is generally described in the relevant index rules of the index. Commodity 
indices apply "rolling" of the component commodity contracts in order to maintain an 
on-going exposure to such commodities. Specifically, as a commodity contract is 
required to be rolled pursuant to the relevant index rules, the commodity index is 
calculated as if exposure to the commodity contract was liquidated and exposure was 
taken to another (generally longer-dated) commodity contract for an equivalent

--- Page 72 ---
Risk Factors 
 
66 
 
exposure. Accordingly, the same effects as described above with regard to "rolling" on 
the value of a Commodity Reference Asset also apply with regard to the index level of a 
Commodity index, and such effect could have an indirect adverse impact on the value of 
the Reference Asset for the Securities.  
(e) 
Legal and regulatory changes relating to the Commodities and derivatives may lead to 
an early redemption or termination  
Commodities and derivatives are subject to legal and regulatory regimes that may change 
in ways that could affect the ability of the Issuer (directly or through its affiliates) to 
hedge its obligations under the Securities. Such legal and regulatory changes could lead 
to the early redemption or termination of the Securities or to the adjustment of the terms 
and conditions of the Securities. Commodities and derivatives are subject to legal and 
regulatory regimes in the United States and, in some cases, in other countries that may 
change in ways that could adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank 
Act") amends the U.S. federal securities and commodity laws, effecting substantial 
changes to the regulation of the exchange-traded and over-the-counter ("OTC") 
derivative markets. The Dodd-Frank Act requires regulators, including the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") and the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the "SEC") to adopt regulations in order to implement many of the 
requirements of the legislation. While the CFTC and the SEC have substantially 
completed their rulemaking under the Dodd-Frank Act, the ultimate impact of all 
potentially relevant regulations cannot yet be determined. For example, there is often 
only limited interpretive guidance as to the precise meaning, scope and effect of many 
such regulations. Nonetheless, these regulatory changes are likely to restrict the ability 
of market participants to participate in the commodity, future and swap markets, whether 
on an exchange or OTC, to the extent and at the levels that they have in the past. These 
factors may have the effect of reducing liquidity and increasing costs in these markets as 
well as affecting the structure of the markets in other ways. Amongst other things, the 
Dodd-Frank Act and its implementing regulations require many derivative transactions, 
including certain rate swaps and index swaps, to be executed on regulated exchanges or 
trading platforms and cleared through regulated clearing houses. Swap dealers are 
required to be registered with the CFTC or the SEC, or both, and are subject to various 
regulatory requirements, including capital and margin requirements. The federal banking 
regulators, including the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation, amongst others, have also promulgated capital and margin regulations 
applicable to swap entities that they regulate. The various legislative and regulatory 
changes, and the resulting increased costs and regulatory oversight, could lead to market 
participants being required to, or deciding to, limit their trading activities, which could 
cause reductions in market liquidity and increases in market volatility. These 
consequences could adversely affect the level or price of a commodity or swap or the 
level of a commodity or swap index, which could in turn adversely affect the return on 
and value of the Securities. 
Depending on the terms and conditions of the Securities, the adoption of regulations or 
other measures which may interfere with the ability of the Issuer to hedge its obligations 
under the Securities may result in the occurrence of any of a "Change in Law", a 
"Commodity Hedging Disruption" (unless specified to be "not applicable" in the relevant 
Issue Terms) and/or a "Hedging Disruption" (where specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms). Following the occurrence of a "Change in Law" or "Hedging 
Disruption", the terms and conditions of the Securities may be adjusted to account for 
such event. Or, following the occurrence of any of a "Change in Law", "Commodity 
Hedging Disruption" or "Hedging Disruption", the Securities may be redeemed or 
terminated prior to scheduled maturity by payment of an Early Payment Amount. Such 
amount may be less than the purchase price of the Securities, and you may lose some or 
up to all of your investment. Further, if the payment on the Securities is made prior to 
scheduled maturity, you may not be able to reinvest the proceeds in an investment having 
a comparable return. See Risk Factor 5.1 "The Securities may be redeemed or terminated

--- Page 73 ---
Risk Factors 
 
67 
 
(as applicable) prior to their scheduled maturity for various unforeseen reasons, and in 
such case you may receive back less than your original investment and you may not be 
able to reinvest the proceeds in an equivalent investment" above. 
In addition, other jurisdictions have implemented, and/or may in future implement, 
legislation similar to that proposed by the Dodd-Frank Act, or other legislation 
containing restrictions that could adversely impact the liquidity of and increase the costs 
of participating in the commodities markets.  
For example, under the recast Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (EU Directive 
2014/65 "MiFID II") and the accompanying Markets in Financial Instruments 
Regulation (EU Regulation 600/2014, "MiFIR"), there are requirements establishing 
limits on the trading of commodity derivatives, which, along with any similar future 
legislation, could have an adverse effect on the prices of commodities and the return on 
and value of the Securities.  
For example, the FCA has imposed specific position limits for those commodity 
derivatives that are listed on its website (https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/mifid-
ii/commodity-derivatives/position-limits) and has imposed limits of 2,500 lots for all 
other commodity derivatives. These limits can be modified by the FCA and may have an 
adverse effect on the prices of commodities and the return on and value of the Securities. 
By way of further example, the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EU 
Regulation 648/2012) ("EMIR") and its onshored equivalent ("UK EMIR") require the 
(i) mandatory clearing of certain OTC derivative contracts, (ii) reporting of certain 
information in respect of OTC derivative contracts and exchange-traded derivatives and 
(iii) implementation of risk mitigation techniques (including margin requirements) for 
uncleared OTC derivative contracts. EMIR and UK EMIR have broad application and 
apply to a wide range of market participants. They have increased the cost of transacting 
in derivatives and, along with any similar future legislation and/or additional 
implementing measures under EMIR and/or UK EMIR, could adversely impact the price 
of a commodity, or the level of a commodity index or commodity strategy, and the value 
of and return on your Securities. 
Further, the adoption of or change to certain regulations may negatively impact our 
hedging positions (including by incurring materially increased costs in performing our 
obligations under the Securities and/or maintaining our hedge positions). In such case, 
we may, in our discretion, either (i) amend the terms and conditions of the Securities to 
account for such change in law or (ii) redeem the Securities. If we redeem your 
Securities, the Early Payment Amount payable to you may be less than you paid for the 
Securities. See Risk Factor 5.1 "The Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as 
applicable) prior to their scheduled maturity for various unforeseen reasons, and in such 
case you may receive back less than your original investment and you may not be able 
to reinvest the proceeds in an equivalent investment" above. 
(f) 
The Securities will be early redeemed if no commodity reference price is determined 
by the Calculation Agent after applying application disruption fallback provisions 
The terms and conditions of the Securities may include certain disruption fallback 
provisions pursuant to which the Calculation Agent may determine the relevant 
commodity reference price when specified disruption scenarios occur. However, there 
can be no assurance that any of such provisions are feasible due to, for instance, the lack 
of alternate commodity reference price, the permanent cessation of trading in the relevant 
commodities, the lack of fallback reference dealers, etc. If the Calculation Agent 
determines that no commodity reference price could be determined by applying any of 
the applicable disruption fallbacks, it will not be able to calculate amount payable or 
quantity of commodities deliverable under the terms of the Securities. In such an event, 
the Calculation Agent will determine that the Securities shall be early redeemed, and the 
Issuer shall redeem the Securities in full following such a determination. Holders of the 
Securities may be unable to recover their investment in the Securities as a result.

--- Page 74 ---
Risk Factors 
 
68 
 
6.9 
Risks related to Securities that are linked to one or more Foreign Exchange Rates as 
Reference Assets 
An investment in FX Linked Securities entails significant risks in addition to those associated 
with investments in a conventional debt security, including those described below. 
(a) 
Foreign exchange rates depend on many diverse and unpredictable factors and can be 
volatile 
Foreign exchange rates can be highly volatile and are determined by various factors, 
including supply and demand for currencies in the international foreign exchange 
markets, economic factors including inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest 
rate differences between the respective countries, economic forecasts, international 
political factors, currency convertibility, safety of making financial investments in the 
currency concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central banks. 
Such measures include, without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, 
issuance of a new currency to replace an existing currency, alteration of the exchange 
rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition 
of exchange controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency that 
would affect exchange rates as well as the availability of a specified currency. Such 
volatility may have an adverse effect on the value of and return on Securities linked to 
foreign rates of exchange. 
Foreign exchange fluctuations between your domestic currency and the currency in 
which payment under the Securities is due may affect you where you intend to convert 
gains or losses from the exercise or sale of Securities into your domestic currency and 
may lead to the loss of some or all of your initial investment. 
(b) 
The occurrence of FX Disruption Events may lead to a postponement of valuation and 
payment and /or alternative valuation 
If one or more FX Disruption Events occurs at any time and is continuing, the Calculation 
Agent may, depending on the particular terms of your Securities, specify and adopt an 
alternate fallback price source, obtain and use quotations provided by leading dealers in 
foreign exchange markets, postpone the relevant valuation date and/or specify and adopt 
a replacement of any one or more relevant currencies. Any consequential postponement 
of, or any alternative provisions for, valuation of an FX Rate may have an adverse effect 
on the value of and return on your Securities. 
(c) 
The occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event may lead to an adjustment or the 
early redemption of your Securities 
Upon determining that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred the Calculation 
Agent may make adjustments to the terms of the Securities and cause the early 
redemption of the Securities. An Additional Disruption Event includes: 
 
a change in applicable law since the Issue Date that makes it illegal to hold, 
acquire or dispose of the relevant currency or assets or (if specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) more expensive for the Issuer to hedge its 
obligations under the relevant Securities; or  
 
if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a "Hedging Disruption", 
meaning that the hedging entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the 
Issuer issuing and the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to or in 
connection with the relevant Securities, or realise, recover or remit the proceeds 
of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
It will generally not be possible to anticipate the occurrence of an Additional Disruption 
Event, and the determination by the Calculation Agent to adjust or redeem the Securities

--- Page 75 ---
Risk Factors 
 
69 
 
as a consequence of such event could lead to a loss of investment on the part of holders 
of the Securities. 
(d) 
The discontinuance of a relevant currency could lead to its replacement and related 
adjustments or to the early redemption of the Securities 
If a relevant currency is discontinued or a relevant foreign exchange rate is no longer 
available, then depending on the particular terms of the Securities, the currency could be 
replaced or "rebased" with another currency (as determined by the Calculation Agent), 
and the Calculation Agent may make consequential amendments to the Securities. Any 
such replacement of a currency (and related adjustments) may cause the Securities to 
perform differently than prior to such replacement, and could have a material adverse 
impact on the value of and return on the Securities. Instead of a replacement, the 
Calculation Agent could determine that the Securities should be early redeemed; in such 
case, you may lose some or all of your investment. 
6.10 
Risks related to Credit Linked Securities 
An investment in Credit Linked Securities entails significant risks in addition to those associated 
with investments in a conventional debt security, including those described below. 
For the purposes of this Risk Factor 6.10, terms used but not defined in the Base Prospectus 
shall have the meaning given to them in the applicable Credit Linked Provisions. 
(a) 
You are assuming the Credit Risk of the Reference Entity 
If an Event Determination Date occurs, the Securities will be subject to redemption at a 
price which may be at a considerable discount to par and could be zero (and, in respect 
of Credit Linked Securities referencing a single Reference Entity, if "Zero Recovery" is 
specified to be applicable, will be zero) and interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked 
Securities referencing a Credit Index, and subject to the terms and conditions of the 
Securities, a portion of the interest) will cease to accrue from (and including) the interest 
payment date immediately preceding the relevant Event Determination Date (or, in 
respect of Credit Linked Securities referencing a single Reference Entity where "Interest 
accrual up to Event Determination Date" is specified to be applicable, interest will cease 
to accrue from (and including) the relevant Event Determination Date). The Securities 
explicitly bear the credit risk of the Reference Entity (or, in respect of Credit Linked 
Securities referencing a Credit Index, the Reference Entities) specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms and any Successor(s) thereto identified by the Calculation Agent or the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, in each case, in accordance with the 
definition of "Successor" in the Credit Linked Provisions, or, in respect of Credit Linked 
Securities linked to a Credit Index, as identified by the index sponsor in respect of such 
Credit Index. Even where a Credit Event has not occurred, the market value of the 
Securities may be adversely affected when the probability or perceived probability of a 
Credit Event occurring in relation to the Reference Entity or Reference Entities, as 
applicable, increases. 
Subject to the Security Interests granted by the Collateral Provider in respect of the Series 
of Securities or the Linked Series of Securities, as applicable, the Securities also bear the 
credit risk of the Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor (see Risk Factor 1 "The 
Securities are subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor and the risk of U.S. insolvency and resolution considerations as well as the 
risk relating to other recovery and resolution proceedings" above). The risk of default 
of the Reference Entity or Reference Entities, as applicable, the Issuer and, if applicable, 
the Guarantor may be correlated in that adverse economic factors which apply to one 
may apply to the others, or the default or decline in the creditworthiness of one may itself 
adversely affect the others. Such risks may be particularly significant where a Reference 
Entity, the Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor are concentrated in a particular 
industry sector or geographical region.

--- Page 76 ---
Risk Factors 
 
70 
 
(b) 
Redemption of the Securities may be deferred even where no Event Determination 
Date occurs 
In certain circumstances, and as more fully described in the Credit Linked Provisions 
and/or the relevant Issue Terms, the redemption of the Securities may be postponed 
beyond the Scheduled Maturity Date even if no Event Determination Date actually 
occurs. The period of such deferral may be substantial. Even where an Event 
Determination Date does not occur, interest payable to Holders for the period following 
the Scheduled Maturity Date may be substantially lower than any interest rate applicable 
to the Securities prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(c) 
Payment of interest and/or principal may be deferred 
In certain circumstances, and as more fully described in the Credit Linked Provisions, 
payment of interest or principal, or in each case a portion thereof, may be postponed 
where a Reference Entity, or one or more Reference Entity(ies), as applicable, may have 
suffered a Credit Event but no Event Determination Date has occurred (based on whether 
either the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is in the process of determining 
whether a Credit Event has occurred or, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Credit 
Event may have occurred or a request to the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee to make such a determination has been made). If it is subsequently 
determined that no Credit Event has occurred within the relevant timeframe, the relevant 
interest, principal, or, in each case, a portion thereof, will be subsequently payable to 
Holders or, if it is subsequently determined that a Credit Event had occurred within the 
relevant timeframe, and subject as provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, 
such amounts will not be payable. 
(d) 
Auction Settlement and ability of JPMorgan Chase to influence the Auction Final 
Price 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Calculation Agent (or one of its affiliates) is 
a leading dealer in the credit derivatives market. If "Auction Settlement" applies in 
respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit Event has occurred and an Auction (as 
defined in Commonly Asked Question 38(n) (How is the Final Redemption Amount 
determined if "Auction Settlement" applies?) below) is held, there is a high probability 
that the Calculation Agent (or one of its affiliates) will act as a participating bidder in 
any such Auction. In such capacity, it may take certain actions which may influence the 
final price determined in such Auction (the "Auction Final Price") including (without 
limitation): (i) providing rates of conversion to determine the applicable currency 
conversion rates to be used to convert any obligations which are not denominated in the 
auction currency into such currency for the purposes of the Auction; and (ii) submitting 
bids, offers and physical settlement requests with respect to the relevant Deliverable 
Obligations (as defined in Commonly Asked Question 38(m) (How is the Final 
Redemption Amount determined?) below). In deciding whether to take any such action 
(or whether to act as a participating bidder in any auction), the Calculation Agent (or its 
affiliate) shall be under no obligation to consider the interests of any Holder. 
If "Auction Settlement" is applicable and an Auction occurs, you will not be able to 
participate in the auction process and will have no rights to submit Customer Physical 
Settlement Requests for physical settlement of your Securities. 
During the auction process, the administrator of the Auction will solicit physical 
settlement requests from the auction participants to buy or sell Deliverable Obligations 
of the applicable Reference Entity. Auction participants (which includes dealers who are 
participating in the Auction, as well as customers of those dealers who have entered into 
credit derivative transactions), may submit physical settlement requests in the same 
direction as their market positions. If a participating bidder of a credit default swap 
transaction is a net buyer of protection, it may submit a Physical Settlement Sell Request 
equal to its market position, and if it is a net seller of protection, it may submit a Physical 
Settlement Buy Request equal to its market position. Under the terms of the Securities, 
you cannot submit Customer Physical Settlement Requests, and JPMorgan Chase, who

--- Page 77 ---
Risk Factors 
 
71 
 
may participate in the Auction, is under no obligation to submit Customer Physical 
Settlement Requests for the Holders.  
If Auction Settlement is applicable and an Auction occurs, a lack of Limit Offers 
sufficient to clear an Open Interest to purchase Deliverable Obligations will result in an 
Auction Final Price of 100 per cent. and a lack of Limit Bids sufficient to clear an Open 
Interest to sell Deliverable Obligations will result in an Auction Final Price of zero. If 
the Auction Final Price is zero, this will have a material negative effect on the value of 
your Securities. 
The Administrator of the Auction will determine the Open Interest for the Deliverable 
Obligations of the applicable Reference Entity by calculating the difference between the 
Physical Settlement Sell Requests and the Physical Settlement Buy Requests. If there are 
more Physical Settlement Sell Requests than Physical Settlement Buy Requests, the 
Open Interest will be an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations and participating bidders 
will submit Limit Bids against the Open Interest; however, if there are more Physical 
Settlement Buy Requests than Physical Settlement Sell Requests, the Open Interest will 
be a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations and participating bidders will submit Limit 
Offers against the Open Interest. If there are insufficient Limit Bids (and Initial Market 
Bids) against an Open Interest to sell Deliverable Obligations, the Auction Final Price 
will be zero. If there are insufficient Limit Offers (and Initial Market Offers) against an 
Open Interest to buy Deliverable Obligations, the Auction Final Price will be equal to 
100 per cent. Under the terms of the Securities, the Holders cannot submit Limit Bids or 
Limit Offers, and JPMorgan Chase, who may participate in the Auction, is under no 
obligation to submit Limit Bids or Limit Offers, as applicable, for the Holders. Your 
position as a Holder will not be represented in the Auction.  
See Annex B (Auction Settlement Terms) to the Credit Linked Provisions for a more 
detailed overview of the auction process. 
Your position as a Holder will not be represented in the Auction. Your inability to 
participate in the Auction, along with other Holders who own Securities linked to the 
applicable Reference Entity, may in the aggregate have a material effect on the Auction 
Final Price, and in turn, have a materially adverse effect on your returns as a purchaser 
of the Securities. In addition, the auction process may be affected by technical factors or 
operational errors which would not otherwise apply or may be the subject of actual or 
attempted manipulation. JPMorgan Chase will have no responsibility to dispute any 
determination of an Auction Final Price or to verify that any Auction has been conducted 
in accordance with its rules. The Auction Final Price, therefore, may not be 
representative of the actual price of Deliverable Obligations of the applicable Reference 
Entity, and you may receive less than you would have received if you had purchased a 
credit-linked note with an alternative settlement procedure. 
(e) 
Cheapest to value risk 
Where Cash Settlement is applicable pursuant to the Credit Linked Provisions, upon the 
occurrence of an Event Determination Date, the Calculation Agent has the discretion to 
select Valuation Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity for valuation in order to 
determine the Final Price. It is likely that the Valuation Obligations selected by the 
Calculation Agent are obligations of the Reference Entity with the lowest market value 
that are permitted to be valued in accordance with the terms of the Securities. This could 
result in a lower recovery value and hence greater losses for Holders. In addition, the 
Valuation Obligations may be illiquid and such illiquidity may be more pronounced 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event, thereby adversely affecting the value of the 
relevant Valuation Obligation which in turn would result in a lower recovery value for 
holders of Securities.  
(f) 
Risks relating to Asset Package Delivery 
In certain circumstances where (i) "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and 
"Governmental Intervention" applies in respect of a Reference Entity and there is (A) a

--- Page 78 ---
Risk Factors 
 
72 
 
Governmental Intervention Credit Event; or (B) a Restructuring Credit Event in respect 
of the Reference Obligation where such Restructuring does not constitute a 
Governmental Intervention or (ii) a Restructuring Credit Event occurs in respect of a 
Sovereign, then a related asset package may also be valued. The asset package would be 
treated as having the same outstanding principal as the corresponding prior deliverable 
obligation or package observable bond. An asset package may be comprised of 
obligations or instruments which are less valuable than the obligations which such asset 
package replaces, and there may be no market for such obligations or instruments. 
If the resulting asset package is deemed to be zero where there are no resulting assets, 
the related credit loss will be 100 per cent., notwithstanding the recovery value on any 
other obligations of the Reference Entity.  
The risks described in "Auction Settlement and ability of JPMorgan Chase to influence 
the Auction Final Price" and "Cheapest to Value Risk" above would apply to any asset 
or asset package.  
If an asset in the asset package is a non-transferable instrument or non-financial 
instrument, the value of such asset will be the market value determined by reference to a 
specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees. The risks described in "Risks relating to Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees" below would apply to any valuation in 
accordance with such methodology.  
(g) 
Risks if "Zero Recovery" is specified as the applicable Settlement Method 
If "Zero Recovery" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be the applicable 
Settlement Method in respect of the Securities and an Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of a Reference Entity, then you will suffer a loss of all of the principal amount 
of your Securities as it relates to such Reference Entity (or, in respect of Credit Linked 
Securities, subject as provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, a loss of all 
of the principal amount of your Securities as it relates to such Reference Entity). 
(h) 
Risks if the Credit Linked Securities are subject to loss at maturity 
If "Loss at Maturity" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be the applicable in 
respect of Credit Linked Securities linked to a single Reference Entity (being Securities 
subject to 'European' settlement), unless redeemed early in accordance with the 
Conditions, the Credit Linked Securities will not redeem any earlier than the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, regardless of the occurrence of any Credit Event in respect of any 
Reference Entity. In respect of such Credit Linked Securities, if an Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of the Reference Entity, interest (or, in respect of a Credit Linked 
Securities linked to a Credit Index, and subject as provided in the terms and conditions 
of the Securities, a portion thereof) will cease to accrue as of the immediately preceding 
interest payment date (or, if there is no immediately preceding interest payment date, no 
interest will accrue or be payable in respect of the Securities) or alternatively, if the terms 
and conditions of the Securities provide for interest accrual up to the Event 
Determination Date, interest will cease to accrue from (and including) the relevant Event 
Determination Date, and no further interest will be payable, subject to the payment of 
any applicable postponed interest amounts. However, unless redeemed early in 
accordance with the Conditions, the earliest date on which the Securities will be 
redeemed is the Scheduled Maturity Date (or, if applicable, the Postponed Maturity 
Date), regardless of whether or not an Event Determination Date has occurred in respect 
of a Reference Entity. As such, if an Event Determination Date occurs in respect of a 
Reference Entity prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and subject as noted above as 
regards cessation of payment of interest, the Securities will not be redeemed and 
therefore, Holders of Securities will have to wait until, at the earliest, the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (or, if applicable, the Postponed Maturity Date) for any return of principal 
(if any) and as a result, there may be a potentially substantial period during which a 
Holder of Securities will receive no interest and but will not have access to the Final 
Redemption Amount (if any).

--- Page 79 ---
Risk Factors 
 
73 
 
(i) 
Risk of loss of accrued interest and reinvestment risk 
If an Event Determination Date occurs, unless otherwise provided in the terms and 
conditions of the Securities, if linked to a single Reference Entity, the Securities will 
early redeem and, in any case, interest will cease to accrue (or, in respect of Credit Linked 
Securities referencing a Credit Index, and subject to the terms and conditions of the 
Securities, a portion of the interest will cease to accrue) from (and including) the interest 
payment date immediately preceding the relevant Event Determination Date (or, if 
"Interest accrual up to Event Determination Date" is specified to be applicable, interest 
will cease to accrue from (and including) the relevant Event Determination Date). You 
will therefore suffer a loss of accrued interest and may not be able to reinvest any 
redemption proceeds following early redemption at an effective interest rate as high as 
the interest rate on the Securities being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. You should consider such reinvestment risk in light of other 
available instruments. 
(j) 
Investors may be subject to the risk that a Credit Event may occur prior to the Trade 
Date 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the credit observation period 
commences up to 60 days prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date. In such 
circumstances, there is a risk that a Credit Event that occurred in relation to a Reference 
Entity or any Obligation thereof up to 60 days prior to such date may therefore impact 
the Securities. As such, Holders should conduct their own review of any recent 
developments with respect to a Reference Entity by consulting publicly available 
information. If a request to convene a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
been delivered prior to the Trade Date to determine whether a Credit Event has occurred 
with respect to a Reference Entity, details of such request may be found on the DC 
Secretary's website (www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org). If a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not been convened to determine such matter as of the 
Trade Date, one may still be convened after the Trade Date in respect of an event which 
occurs up to 60 days before the date of a request to convene such Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
(k) 
Risks relating to Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees  
 
Holders (in their capacity as holders of the Securities) will not be able to refer 
questions to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
The Holders, in their capacity as holders of the Securities, will not have the ability 
to refer questions to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee since the 
Securities are not a credit default swap transaction and the Securities do not 
incorporate, and are not deemed to have incorporated, the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (the "Credit Derivatives Definitions"). As a result, Holders 
will be dependent on other market participants to refer specific questions to the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees that may be relevant to the 
Holders. The Calculation Agent and JPMorgan Chase has no duty to the Holders 
to refer specific questions to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. 
 
Holders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees 
Separate criteria apply with respect to the selection of dealer and non-dealer 
institutions to serve on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and the 
Holders will have no role in establishing such criteria. In addition, the 
composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will change 
from time to time in accordance with the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees Rules (as published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any 
successor website thereto), as such may be amended and/or supplemented from 
time to time) (the "Rules"), as the term of a member institution may expire or a

--- Page 80 ---
Risk Factors 
 
74 
 
member institution may be required to be replaced. The Holders will have no 
control over the process for selecting institutions to participate on the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees and, to the extent provided for in terms 
of the Securities, will be subject to the determinations made by such selected 
institutions in accordance with the Rules. 
 
Potential conflicts of interest due to the involvement of the Calculation Agent 
with the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Since, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Calculation Agent (or one of its 
affiliates) is a voting member on each of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees and is a party to transactions which incorporate, or are deemed to 
incorporate, the Credit Derivatives Definitions, it may take certain actions which 
may influence the process and outcome of decisions of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. See "Ability of the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates 
to influence the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees" and "Potential 
Conflicts of Interest of the Calculation Agent" in Annex A (Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees) to the Credit Linked Provisions. Such action may be 
adverse to the interests of the Holders and may result in an economic benefit 
accruing to the Calculation Agent and/or JPMorgan Chase. In taking any action 
relating to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees or performing any 
duty under the Rules, the Calculation Agent (or one of its affiliates) shall have no 
obligation to consider the interests of the Holders and may ignore any conflict of 
interest arising due to its responsibilities under the Securities. 
 
Holders will have no recourse against either the institutions serving on the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees or the external reviewers  
Institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and the 
external reviewers, among others, disclaim any duty of care or liability arising in 
connection with the performance of duties or the provision of advice under the 
Rules, except in the case of gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct. 
Furthermore, the member institutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees from time to time will not owe any duty to the Holders and the 
Holders will be prevented from pursuing legal claims with respect to actions taken 
by such member institutions under the Rules. 
Holders should also be aware that member institutions of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees have no duty to research or verify the veracity of 
information on which a specific determination is based. In addition, the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees are not obligated to follow previous 
determinations and, therefore, could reach a conflicting determination for a 
similar set of facts. 
 
Holders are responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees, meetings convened to deliberate such questions, lists of voting 
members attending any meetings and the results of binding votes of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees will be published on the ISDA website 
(www.isda.org) (or any successor website thereto) and neither the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent nor any of their respective affiliates shall be obliged to inform 
the Holders of such information (other than as expressly provided in the terms of 
the Securities). Failure by the Holders to be aware of information relating to 
determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will have no 
effect under the Securities and Holders are solely responsible for obtaining any 
such information. 
(l) 
No Holder rights with respect to the Reference Entity

--- Page 81 ---
Risk Factors 
 
75 
 
JPMorgan Chase has no ability to control or predict the actions of any Reference Entity, 
including actions that could affect the value of your Securities. None of the money you 
pay us will go to any Reference Entity, no Reference Entity will be involved in the 
offering of the Securities in any way, and no Reference Entity will have any obligation 
to consider your interest as a Holder in taking any actions that might affect the value of 
your Securities. As a Holder, you will not have voting rights, rights to receive 
distributions or any other rights with respect to the obligations of any Reference Entity. 
(m) 
No Reference Entity will be replaced to avoid Credit Events or successions 
Following the Trade Date, the Issuer will not be able to replace any Reference Entity to 
avoid Credit Events or successions. Consequently, the occurrence of Credit Events may 
lead to an Event Determination Date which in turn may result in a reduction in the value 
of your Securities, a reduction, potentially to zero, in the outstanding nominal amount of 
the Securities you hold and, subject to the terms and conditions of the Securities, an early 
redemption of the Securities.  
(n) 
Reference Entities may change as a result of the determination of a successor 
Reference Entity 
Any determination of a Successor that occurs with respect to a Reference Entity or its 
Successor on or after the Successor Backstop Date (which may be prior to the Trade 
Date) may change the probability of the occurrence of a Credit Event and risk of your 
investment. You should read the Credit Linked Provisions (including, without limitation, 
the definition of "Successor") for more information on the effect of the determination of 
a Successor in respect of a Reference Entity on the Securities. 
(o) 
Information relating to a Reference Entity may be incomplete, inaccurate or 
misleading 
As the occurrence of an Event Determination Date may, subject to the terms and 
conditions of the Securities, result in each Security being redeemed at an amount which 
may be significantly less than the nominal amount of the Securities and, subject as 
provided in the applicable terms and conditions of the Securities, a cessation of the 
accrual of interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Securities referencing a Credit Index, 
and subject to the terms and conditions of the Securities, a portion of the interest) on the 
interest payment date immediately preceding such Event Determination Date (or, if 
"Interest accrual up to Event Determination Date" is specified to be applicable, a 
cessation of accrual of interest from (and including) the relevant Event Determination 
Date), you should conduct your own investigation and analysis with respect to the 
creditworthiness of the Reference Entity and the likelihood of the occurrence of a Credit 
Event or the determination of a Successor. 
On the Trade Date, a Reference Entity may be a publicly reporting company and financial 
and other information with respect to the Reference Entity may be available from 
publicly available sources. Publicly available information in relation to a Reference 
Entity may be incomplete, inaccurate or misleading. JPMorgan Chase makes no 
representation as to the accuracy or completeness of any information available with 
respect to any Reference Entity. Furthermore, JPMorgan Chase gives no assurance that 
all events occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date (including events that would 
affect the accuracy or completeness of any publicly available documents) that would 
affect the creditworthiness of a Reference Entity have been publicly disclosed. 
Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of, or failure to disclose, 
material future events concerning a Reference Entity could affect its creditworthiness 
and therefore the market value of the Securities, the likelihood of an Event Determination 
Date occurring in relation to the relevant Reference Entity and the resulting Final 
Redemption Amount. 
A Credit Event may occur at any time from and including the Credit Observation Start 
Date (which may be the Credit Event Backstop Date, the Trade Date or such other date 
as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms) to and including the Credit Observation End

--- Page 82 ---
Risk Factors 
 
76 
 
Date (or the Extension Date). The Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer of the 
occurrence of a Credit Event at any time from and including the Credit Observation Start 
Date to and including (i) the Extension Date or (ii) the Postponed Maturity Date (if 
applicable). JPMorgan Chase will have no obligation to keep Holders informed as to any 
matters with respect to a Reference Entity or any of its obligations, including whether or 
not circumstances exist that give rise to the possibility of the occurrence of a Credit Event 
or the determination of a Successor with respect to a Reference Entity. 
You will not have the right to inspect any of JPMorgan Chase's records. Except for the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Issue Terms, JPMorgan 
Chase will have no obligation to disclose any information or evidence regarding the 
existence or terms of any obligation of any Reference Entity or otherwise regarding any 
Reference Entity, any guarantor or any other person. 
(p) 
Potential conflicts of interest with the Calculation Agent; calculations and 
determinations 
JPMorgan Chase may carry out hedging activities related to the Securities, including 
trading in the obligations of a Reference Entity as well as in other instruments related to 
a Reference Entity. JPMorgan Chase may also trade the obligations of a Reference Entity 
and other financial instruments related to the obligations of a Reference Entity on a 
regular basis as part of its general businesses.  
In certain cases, the Calculation Agent acts in its sole discretion in carrying out 
calculations and determinations with respect to the Securities and, in such cases, will act 
in the interests of the Issuer and not in the interests of the Holders. Any determination 
and/or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
final and binding on the Issuer and Holders. See Risk Factor 7.1 "JPMorgan Chase as 
Issuer and Calculation Agent has authority to make discretionary determinations under 
the Securities" below. 
Where a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has made a determination as to 
whether an Event Determination Date or succession has occurred, the Calculation Agent 
shall defer to such determination for the purposes of the Securities, provided that such 
determination is made before the cut-off date specified in the terms of the Securities. If 
a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is not convened to determine an issue 
(such as the occurrence or not of a Credit Event or the determination of a Successor) then 
the Calculation Agent may make a determination in respect of such issue. The 
Calculation Agent will not be liable if it fails to notify the Issuer of a Credit Event, which, 
subject as provided in the Credit Linked Provisions, would result in an Event 
Determination Date occurring and, ultimately, redemption on a day other than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. Therefore even if a Credit Event were to occur, an early 
redemption of the Securities may not follow.  
(q) 
Potential conflicts of interest with JPMorgan Chase 
JPMorgan Chase may currently or from time to time engage in commercial, investment 
banking or other business with a Reference Entity, and/or any affiliate of a Reference 
Entity, or any other person or entity having obligations relating to a Reference Entity, 
and may act with respect to such business in the same manner as if the Securities did not 
exist, regardless of whether any such action might have an adverse effect on a Reference 
Entity or the Holders or otherwise (including, without limitation, the acceptance of 
deposits and the extension of loans or credit and any action that might constitute or give 
rise to a Credit Event). In the course of this business, JPMorgan Chase may acquire non-
public information about a Reference Entity, and in addition, JPMorgan Chase may 
publish research reports about it. JPMorgan Chase has no responsibility to, and it will 
not, disclose any such information to the Holders.  
JPMorgan Chase may trade instruments related to a Reference Entity on a regular basis, 
for their accounts and for other accounts under their management. JPMorgan Chase may 
also issue or underwrite or assist unaffiliated entities in the issuance or underwriting of

--- Page 83 ---
Risk Factors 
 
77 
 
other securities or financial instruments with returns linked to a Reference Entity. To the 
extent that JPMorgan Chase serves as issuer, arranger or dealer for such securities or 
financial instruments, its interests with respect to such products may be adverse to those 
of the Holders of the Securities. Any of these trading activities could potentially affect 
the credit of a Reference Entity and, accordingly, could affect the value of the Securities, 
and the amount, if any, payable to you at maturity. 
JPMorgan Chase may currently or from time to time engage in business with a Reference 
Entity. In the course of this business, JPMorgan Chase may acquire non-public 
information about the Reference Entity, and such information will not be disclosed to 
you. In addition, JPMorgan Chase may publish research reports about a Reference Entity. 
Any prospective purchaser of Securities should undertake such independent 
investigation of a Reference Entity in its judgment as to whether an investment in the 
Securities is appropriate. 
JPMorgan Chase may serve as issuer, arranger or dealer for additional issuances of 
Securities or Securities with returns linked or related to a Reference Entity. By 
introducing competing products into the marketplace in this manner, JPMorgan Chase 
could adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
The Issuer and JPMorgan Chase act in their sole discretion in determining whether to 
accept commitments to purchase the Securities, whether to accept offers of early tender 
of the Securities and in determining the terms of any such early tender of the Securities. 
(r) 
Risks in respect of Credit Linked Securities that are linked to a Credit Index 
 
Holders are exposed to the credit risk of a portfolio of Reference Entities 
Holders of Credit Linked Securities that are linked to a Credit Index are exposed 
to the performance of the portfolio of Reference Entities comprising the Credit 
Index (the "Reference Portfolio"). Following the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date in relation to a Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity 
in the Reference Portfolio, subject to the terms and conditions of the Securities, 
payments of interest and principal may be reduced. Such reduction may be in 
proportion to the losses suffered under the Credit Index, or may be determined by 
reference to a particular 'tranche' of losses of the Credit Index (in respect of which 
see sub-paragraph (ii) below). 
 
Credit Linked Securities that are linked to a Credit Index on a tranched basis 
represent a particularly risky form of investment 
Credit Linked Securities that are linked to a Credit Index on a tranched basis (as 
opposed to on an untranched basis) determine payments of interest and principal 
by reference to pre-determined upper and lower boundaries designating the 
relevant 'tranche' and any reduction in the amount payable to a Holder will be 
determined by reference to the extent to which losses under the Credit Index 
exceed the lower boundary relative to the amount by which the upper boundary 
exceeds the lower boundary (the 'tranche size'). If losses under the Credit Index 
equal or exceed the upper boundary, a Holder will suffer a loss of their entire 
investment. 
Credit Linked Securities that are linked to a Credit Index on a tranched basis 
represent a particularly risky form of investment as the calculation of the interest 
bearing amount (the notional amount by reference to which interest and return of 
principal is determined) produces a leverage effect such that, if the aggregate of 
the losses suffered under the Credit Index exceeds the lower boundary, any further 
losses that increase the aggregate losses above the lower boundary and towards 
the upper boundary will reduce the interest bearing amount, and therefore the 
redemption amount and any interest amount (if any) payable, on an accelerated 
and highly leveraged basis by reference to each relevant Reference Entity's weight 
in the Credit Index as a proportion of the tranche size.

--- Page 84 ---
Risk Factors 
 
78 
 
6.11 
Risks related to Securities that are linked to one or more Funds as Reference Assets 
An investment in Fund Linked Securities entails significant risks in addition to those associated 
with investments in a conventional debt security, including as described below. 
(a) 
Factors affecting the performance of a Fund may adversely affect the value of and 
return on the Securities 
Prospective investors should review the relevant fund offering document in respect of a 
Fund to which the Securities are linked, including the risk factors, prior to making an 
investment in the Securities. However, neither the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) nor any 
of their affiliates has any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any fund 
offering documents. 
The performance of the units or shares (the "Fund Shares") of a Fund to which the 
Securities are linked will affect the value of the investment return on the Securities. The 
performance of the Fund Shares of a Fund is dependent upon many factors, including 
macroeconomic factors (such as interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency 
developments including variation of exchange rates of foreign currencies, political, 
judicial or economic factors) and Fund-specific factors (such as the risk profile of the 
Fund, the expertise of its senior personnel and its shareholder structure and distribution 
policy). The investment objectives and policies employed by a Fund and the underlying 
components in which it invests may utilise various investment strategies which may also 
affect the performance of the Fund Shares of a Fund. In addition, a Fund may make 
investments in markets that are volatile and/or illiquid and it may be difficult or costly 
for investment positions to be opened or liquidated. Any one or a combination of such 
factors could adversely affect the performance of the Fund(s) which, in turn, could have 
an adverse effect on the value of and return on your Securities. 
(b) 
Costs relating to Funds 
A Fund's performance will be affected by the fees and expenses which it incurs, as 
described in its offering documents. Such fees and expenses may include the investment 
management fees, performance fees and operating expenses typically incurred in 
connection with any direct investment in a Fund. A Fund will assess fees and incur costs 
and expenses regardless of its performance. High levels of trading could cause a Fund to 
incur increased trading costs. Holders of Fund Linked Securities will be exposed to a pro 
rata share of the fees and expenses of the relevant Fund(s) and such exposure could have 
a negative impact on the value of and return on the Securities than in the absence of such 
fees and expenses. 
See also Risk Factor 6.11(e) "Fee rebate arrangements" below. 
(c) 
No claim against a Fund or recourse to the Fund Shares 
Holders of the Securities will have no claim against any Fund, its management company 
or any fund service provider, and the Holders will not have any right of recourse under 
the Securities to any such entity or the Fund Shares of such Fund. The Securities are not 
in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any Fund, its management company or 
any fund service provider, and such entities have no obligation to take into account the 
consequences of their actions in respect of any Holders. A Fund, its management 
company or any fund service provider may take any actions in respect of such Fund 
without regard to the interests of the Holders, and any of these actions could adversely 
affect the market value of and return on the Securities. 
(d) 
Valuation risk in relation to a Fund 
The Calculation Agent will rely on the calculation and publication of the net asset value 
per Fund Share of a Fund by the relevant Fund itself (or another entity on its behalf). 
Any delay, suspension or inaccuracy in the calculation and publication of the net asset 
value per Fund Share of the Fund will impact on the calculation of the return on the 
Securities. The value of and return on the Securities may also be reduced if a Fund delays

--- Page 85 ---
Risk Factors 
 
79 
 
payments in respect of fund share redemptions – see Risk Factor 6.11(i) "Funds may be 
subject to transfer restrictions and illiquidity" and Risk Factor 6.11(p) "Unpaid 
Redemption Proceeds Event and/or In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event" below. 
The Fund Shares of a Fund and/or the investments made by a Fund may be valued only 
by administrators, custodians or other service provider of the Fund and may not be 
verified by an independent third party on a regular or timely basis. There is a risk that (i) 
the determinations of the Calculation Agent may not reflect the true value of the Fund 
Shares of a Fund at a specific time which could result in losses or inaccurate pricing 
and/or (ii) relevant values may not be available on a relevant date which could result in 
the Fund Shares of the Fund being determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. 
Any such factors in relation to the valuation of the Fund Share could have a negative 
impact on the value of and return on the Securities. 
(e) 
Fee rebate arrangements  
The Issuer and/or any Hedging Entity may receive rebates from the management 
company of a Fund in respect of the Fund Shares of such Fund or any other assets which 
the Issuer or such Hedging Entity may hold as a hedge to the Securities. Any material 
changes to such fee rebate arrangement may result in losses or increased costs to the 
Issuer or the Hedging Entity. If this occurs, the Calculation Agent may determine that a 
Fund Event has occurred, and may take one of the actions available to it to deal with 
such event. See Risk Factor 6.11(o) "The Calculation Agent may adjust the Securities or 
take other actions following the occurrence of a Fund Event or Additional Disruption 
Event" below.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the terms of the Securities do not oblige the Issuer and/or 
any Hedging Entity to hedge the Securities or that any hedging activities be undertaken 
in any particular way. 
(f) 
Trading in indices, financial instruments and currencies 
A Fund to which the Securities are linked may place an emphasis on trading indices, 
financial instruments and/or currencies. The effect of any governmental intervention may 
be particularly significant at certain times in currency and financial instrument futures 
and options markets. Such intervention (as well as other factors) may cause all of these 
markets to move rapidly in the same or varying directions which may result in sudden 
and significant losses, which losses could lead to losses to holders of the Securities. 
(g) 
Strategies of a Fund may not be successful in achieving its investment objective 
No assurance can be given that the investment strategy of a Fund will be successful or 
that the investment objective of such Fund will be achieved, or that any analytical model 
used by the relevant management company will prove to be correct or that any 
assessments of the short-term or long-term prospects, volatility and correlation of the 
types of investments in which such Fund has invested or will invest will prove accurate. 
The analytical models utilised by a management company of a Fund and upon which 
investment decisions are based may be developed from historical analysis of the 
performance or correlation of historical analysis of the performance or correlations of 
certain companies, securities, industries, countries or markets. There can be no assurance 
that the historical performance that is used to determine such analytical models will be a 
good indicator of future performance, and if the future performance of a Fund varies 
significantly, the management company of such Fund may not achieve its intended 
investment performance. 
No assurance can be given that the strategies to be used by a Fund will be successful 
under all or any market conditions. A Fund may utilise financial instruments such as 
derivatives for investment purposes and/or seek to hedge against fluctuations in the 
relative values of the Fund's portfolio positions as a result of changes in exchange rates, 
interest rates, equity prices and levels of yields and prices of other securities. Such

--- Page 86 ---
Risk Factors 
 
80 
 
hedging transactions may not always achieve the intended outcome and can also limit 
potential gains. 
The management of a Fund may have broad discretion over its investment strategy, 
within specified parameters. A Fund could, for example, alter its investment focus within 
a prescribed market. Any shift in strategy could bear adverse consequences to a Fund's 
investment performance. Further, a Fund may have difficulty realising on any strategy 
initiatives that it undertakes. It may not sometimes be clear whether the Fund fulfils the 
investment criteria set out in its investment guidelines. 
Any such issues with relation to a Fund's strategy or other factors described above could 
adversely affect the performance of the Fund(s) which, in turn, could have an adverse 
effect on the value of and return on your Securities. 
(h) 
Regulatory and volatility risk 
The regulatory environment is evolving and changes therein may adversely affect the 
ability of a Fund to obtain the leverage it might otherwise obtain or to pursue its 
investment strategies. In addition, the regulatory or tax environment for derivative and 
related instruments is evolving and may be subject to modification by government or 
judicial action which may adversely affect the value of the investments held by a Fund. 
It is not possible to predict the effect of any future changes to applicable law or regulation 
or uncertainties such as international political developments, changes in government 
policies, taxation, restrictions or foreign investment and currency repatriation or 
fluctuations 
Further, the markets in which a Fund invests may prove to be highly volatile from time 
to time as a result of, for example, sudden changes in government policies on taxation 
and currency repatriation or changes in legislation relating to the value of foreign 
ownership of assets held by a Fund, and this may affect the net asset value at which such 
Fund may liquidate positions to meet repurchase requests or other funding requirements 
and, in turn, the value of your Securities. 
We may also determine that such circumstances have resulted in the occurrence of an 
Additional Disruption Event (which may include, amongst others, an adoption of or 
change in any applicable law in which the Hedging Entity (which may include the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates) will incur a materially increased cost or will be subject to 
materially increased regulatory capital requirements in performing its obligations under 
or execution of hedging transactions in relation to the Securities), and may take one of 
the actions available to us to deal with such event (see Risk Factor 6.11(o) "The 
Calculation Agent may adjust the Securities or take other actions following the 
occurrence of a Fund Event or Additional Disruption Event" below). 
Any such regulatory changes or market volatility could adversely affect the performance 
of the Fund(s) which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on 
your Securities. 
(i) 
Funds may be subject to transfer restrictions and illiquidity 
There can be no assurance that the liquidity of a Fund will always be sufficient to meet 
redemption requests as, and when, made. Any lack of liquidity or restrictions on 
redemptions may affect the liquidity of the Fund Shares of a Fund and their value and 
could adversely affect the performance of the Securities. 
A Fund may make investments for which no liquid market exists. The market values, if 
any, of such investments tend to be more volatile and a Fund may not be able to sell them 
when it desires to do so or to realise what it perceives to be their fair value in the event 
of a sale. Moreover, assets in which a Fund may invest may include those that are not 
listed on a securities exchange or traded on an over-the-counter market. As a result of 
the absence of a public trading market for these assets, they may be less liquid than, for 
example, publicly traded securities. A Fund may encounter substantial delays in

--- Page 87 ---
Risk Factors 
 
81 
 
attempting to sell non-publicly traded assets or securities. Although these assets may be 
resold in privately negotiated transactions, the values realised from these sales could be 
less than those originally paid by a Fund and less than the values estimated for such assets 
by such Fund. Further, entities whose securities are not publicly traded are not subject to 
the disclosure and other investor protection requirements which would be applicable if 
their securities were publicly traded. 
Trading in the assets held by a Fund may be limited to privately negotiated transactions, 
which could increase transaction costs relative to exchange trading and which could 
cause substantial lags in realising amounts from assets designated for sale. Any such 
issues with regard to redemptions, transfers and liquidity of the Fund(s) could have an 
adverse effect on the value of and return on your Securities. 
See also Risk Factor 6.11(p) "Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and/or In-kind 
Redemption Proceeds Event" below. 
(j) 
Lack of control and reliance on the third party management company of a Fund 
Holders will have no right to participate in the management of a Fund or in the control 
of a Fund's business. Accordingly no person should purchase any Fund-linked Security 
unless the investor is willing to entrust all aspects of management of a Fund to the 
management company of such Fund. The investment return on the Securities may depend 
entirely on the efforts of the management company of a Fund and its principals. 
The performance of a Fund is dependent on the performance of the management 
company in managing the investments of such Fund. The management company of a 
Fund may invest in and actively traded instruments with significant risk characteristics, 
including risks arising from the volatility of securities, financial futures, derivatives, 
currency and interest rate markets, the leverage factors associated with trading in such 
markets and instruments, and the potential exposure to loss resulting from counterparty 
defaults.  
The Issuer will not have any role in the management of any Fund(s) to which the 
Securities are linked. Moreover, the Issuer will not have the opportunity to evaluate or 
be consulted in relation to any specific investments made by a Fund before they are made. 
The investment return on the Securities will depend primarily on the performance of the 
unrelated management company in managing the investments of a Fund and could be 
adversely affected by any unfavourable performance of such management company. 
Where a Fund is comprised of sub-funds the factors set out above in relation to the 
management company apply equally to the management company of the funds in which 
such Fund invests. This can result in a lack of transparency regarding the exposure of the 
Securities to any such sub-funds.  
A Fund or its management company may also become involved in shareholder, insider 
trading or other litigation as a result of its investment activities. Any such dispute could 
adversely affect the performance of the Fund Shares of a Fund and consequently, of the 
Securities. 
Any of the above-described factors could have an adverse effect on the value of and 
return on your Securities. 
(k) 
Reliance on key personnel 
The success of a Fund is dependent on the expertise of its management company and 
fund service providers. The loss of one or more investment personnel associated with 
such management company or fund service provider could have a material adverse effect 
on the ability of a management company or fund service provider, as applicable, to 
complete its obligations in respect of a Fund, resulting in losses for such Fund and a 
decline in the value of the Fund Shares of such Fund. Certain management companies 
and fund service providers may have only one principal personnel, without whom the 
relevant management company or fund service provider, as applicable, could not

--- Page 88 ---
Risk Factors 
 
82 
 
continue to operate. The loss of such principal personnel could adversely affect the 
performance of the Fund(s) which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on the value of 
and return on your Securities. 
(l) 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of a Fund could adversely affect the 
market value of the Securities  
The management company of a Fund may, without regard to the interests of the Holders, 
add, remove or substitute the components of a Fund in which such Fund invests or make 
other methodological changes that could change the investment profile of a Fund, which 
could adversely affect the investment return on the Securities. The management company 
of a Fund may also determine to discontinue such Fund. If a Fund to which the Securities 
are linked is discontinued, the Calculation Agent may determine to substitute such Fund 
with another fund or an index (or a basket of funds or a basket of indices), or a cash 
index, or, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution or 
replacement will produce a commercially reasonable result, the Securities may be 
redeemed early. Any such action could have a negative impact on the value of and return 
on the Securities. See also Risk Factor 6.11(o) "The Calculation Agent may adjust the 
Securities or take other actions following the occurrence of a Fund Event or Additional 
Disruption Event" below. 
(m) 
Leverage 
A Fund may utilise leverage techniques, including the use of borrowed funds, repurchase 
agreements and other derivative financial instruments. While leverage presents 
opportunities for increasing a Fund's total return, it increases the potential risk of loss. 
Any event which adversely affects the value of an investment by a Fund is magnified to 
the extent that such investment is leveraged. Leverage can have a similar effect on assets 
in which such Fund invests. The use of leverage by a Fund could result in substantial 
losses by the Fund which would be greater than if leverage had not been used, and such 
losses could lead to losses to the holder of the Securities. 
(n) 
Exposure to Potential Adjustment Events and correction of prices 
The Calculation Agent has discretionary authority under the terms and conditions of the 
Securities to make certain determinations and adjustments following the occurrence of a 
Potential Adjustment Event (which include, broadly, events which may have a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the Fund Shares in a Fund), or may (subject to the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Securities) determine the amount that is payable under the 
Securities to account for any correction in the price of the Fund Shares of a Fund which 
is used in the calculation or determination in connection with the Securities, to preserve 
as nearly as practicable the original economic objective and rationale of the Securities. 
Any such determination may have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the 
Securities. 
(o) 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the Securities or take other actions following the 
occurrence of a Fund Event or Additional Disruption Event 
Upon determining that a Fund Event has occurred in relation to a Fund Share of a Fund 
(the "Affected Fund"), the Calculation Agent may take one of the following actions:  
 
make adjustments to the terms of the Securities, or  
 
if no adjustments will produce a commercially reasonable result, and:  
(A) 
if a pre-selected replacement fund is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
and such pre-selected replacement fund has not discontinued and is not 
subject to a disruption event, then the Calculation Agent will replace the 
Affected Fund with such replacement fund, or

--- Page 89 ---
Risk Factors 
 
83 
 
(B) 
if no pre-selected replacement fund is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, or if such pre-selected replacement fund has discontinued or is 
subject to a disruption event, then:  
(i) 
if a cash index is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then the 
Calculation Agent shall replace the Affected Fund with such cash 
index, or  
(ii) 
if no cash index is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then the 
Calculation Agent may select such replacement fund(s) or 
index(ices) to replace the Affected Fund, subject to certain 
selection criteria, in order to most closely replicate such Affected 
Fund; or  
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustments will 
achieve a commercially reasonable result, and it is unable, or it is 
not commercially practicable, or does not for any other reason, 
select a replacement fund(s), replacement index(ices) or cash index 
pursuant to paragraph (ii) above, then the Calculation Agent may 
determine to cause the early redemption of the Securities. 
It is possible, therefore, that where no replacement fund is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, or such replacement fund is specified but is no longer available or is subject to 
disruption, and if a cash index is specified, then the Calculation Agent will not select 
another replacement fund(s) or replacement index(ices), and will replace the Affected 
Fund with such cash index.  
Upon determining that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred in relation to a Fund 
Share of a Fund, the Calculation Agent has discretionary authority under the terms and 
conditions of the Securities to (i) make adjustments to the terms of the Securities, or (ii) 
cause the early redemption of the Securities. 
Any of such adjustments or determinations by the Calculation Agent in respect of a Fund 
Event or Additional Disruption Event may have an adverse effect on the value of and 
return on the Securities. See also Risk Factor 7.1 "JPMorgan Chase as Issuer and 
Calculation Agent has authority to make discretionary determinations under the 
Securities" below. 
• 
Fund Events include (A) insolvency in respect of a Fund, its management 
company or any of its fund service providers; (B) a merger event which affects a 
Fund, its management company or fund service provider, (C) termination of a 
Fund, (D) a nationalisation of a Fund, or (E) any fund extraordinary event (which 
includes, broadly, a modification of the relevant fund offering documents which 
would adversely affect a hypothetical investor in relation to its hedging activities 
in respect of the Securities, or any litigation or disputes involving a Fund, its 
management company or its fund service provider), events which affect the 
calculation of the net asset value and performance of a Fund (such as a decrease 
in asset under management or increase in volatility of the net asset value), events 
which affect the trading of a Fund (such as any mandatory redemption, a material 
change in strategy, a suspension on trading or increase in fees), any operational 
failures (including a change to the management company or fund service 
provider, or the failure to provide information in respect of a Fund to a holder of 
such Fund Shares (as is customary for such Fund)), or regulatory and legal 
constraints (including regulatory action in respect of a Fund, its management 
company or fund service providers, or the inability of a hypothetical investor in 
the Fund Shares of a Fund to redeem all or some of its holdings of Fund Shares 
in the Fund due to regulatory constraints). 
• 
Additional Disruption Events include (A) a change in applicable law since the 
Issue Date that makes it illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of the Fund Shares or 
(if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) more expensive for the

--- Page 90 ---
Risk Factors 
 
84 
 
Issuer to hedge its obligations under the relevant Securities, or (B) if specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a "Hedging Disruption", meaning that 
the hedging entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (I) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to or in connection 
with the relevant Securities, or (II) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s), or (III) subscribe, redeem, realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any Fund Shares in a Fund where the inability has arisen due to 
any gating or restrictions or suspensions on subscriptions or redemptions in 
respect of such Fund Shares. 
Any of the above-described determinations and actions by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of Fund Events and Additional Disruption Events may have an adverse effect on 
the value of and return on the Securities. 
(p) 
Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and/or In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that, in respect of the relevant Fund Shares, an 
Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event (which means, broadly, a hypothetical investor 
holding the Fund Shares in a Fund would not receive in full (or substantially the full) the 
amount payable within the time limit specified in the relevant fund offering document if 
they were to apply for a redemption of such Fund Shares) has occurred and/or an In-kind 
Redemption Proceeds Event (which means, broadly, where a hypothetical investor 
holding Fund Shares in a Fund receives any in-kind distribution per Fund Share in full 
or part satisfaction of the amount payable upon application for a redemption of such Fund 
Shares) has occurred, and both (i) the Unpaid Redemption Event continues to subsist as 
of the second Business Day prior a relevant payment date under the Securities (the 
"Payment Cut-off Date"), and/or a hypothetical investor is not able (or would not be 
able) to realise and receive in full and in cash an amount equal to the sale proceeds of 
any in-kind redemption proceeds received from the redemption of the relevant fund 
shares on the Payment Cut-off Date, and (ii) the amount payable under the Securities on 
such relevant payment date (the "Relevant Payment Amount") is linked (in whole or in 
material part) to the performance of such fund shares, then:  
 
the Relevant Payment Amount payable on the scheduled relevant payment date 
shall be reduced by the Calculation Agent to take into account the amount of any 
unpaid redemption proceeds and/or in-kind redemption proceeds as of the 
Payment Cut-off Date (and which may be reduced to zero);  
 
any unpaid Relevant Payment Amount (after the reduction referred to in (i) above) 
shall be payable on a date falling two business days after the later of (A) the day 
on which the Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event has ceased to occur, and (B) 
the day on which a hypothetical investor holding such Fund Shares would be able 
to receive in full and in cash an amount equal to the proceeds of sale for all 
outstanding in-kind redemption proceeds, provided that: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall make any further 
payment of some or all of the outstanding unpaid Relevant Payment 
Amount to reflect any cash redemption proceeds received and/or in-kind 
redemption proceeds realised by a hypothetical investor after the Payment 
Cut-off Date; 
(b) 
if the Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event is still continuing or a 
hypothetical investor would still be unable to realise any outstanding in-
kind redemption proceeds a year after the relevant payment date, then any 
outstanding payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of the outstanding 
unpaid Relevant Payment Amount under the Securities shall be deemed to 
be fully discharged on such date without any further payment being made; 
and

--- Page 91 ---
Risk Factors 
 
85 
 
(c) 
where the above adjustments and/or payments will not produce a 
commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may make such 
other adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Securities as may be 
necessary to account for such Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and/or 
In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event.  
Such adjustment and determination by the Calculation Agent may have an adverse effect 
on the value of and return on the Securities. 
7 
Risks related to conflicts of interest of JPMorgan Chase and its discretionary powers as 
Issuer and Calculation Agent under the Securities 
7.1 
JPMorgan Chase as Issuer and Calculation Agent has authority to make discretionary 
determinations under the Securities 
Under the terms and conditions of your Securities, following the occurrence of certain events 
outside of its control, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) may exercise discretion 
to take one or more actions available to it in order to deal with the impact of such events on the 
Securities or (if applicable to the particular issue of Securities and excluding Belgian Securities) 
the Issuer's hedging arrangements. 
Any such discretionary determination by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer could have a 
negative impact on the value of and return on the Securities and (amongst other things) could 
result in their early redemption.  
7.2 
JPMorgan Chase may have economic interests that are adverse to those of the holders of 
the Securities as a result of JPMorgan Chase's hedging and other trading activities or 
other business activities 
(a) 
Hedging and other trading activities  
In anticipation of the sale of the Securities, the relevant Issuer expects to hedge its 
obligations under the Securities through certain JPMorgan Chase affiliates or unaffiliated 
counterparties by taking positions in instruments the value of which is derived from one 
or more Reference Assets or the constituents or components of such Reference Assets or 
other assets. The Issuer or the relevant hedging entity may also adjust its hedge by, 
among other things, purchasing or selling instruments the value of which is derived from 
one or more Reference Assets or the constituents or components of such Reference 
Assets or other assets at any time and from time to time, and close out or unwind our 
hedge by selling any of the foregoing on or before any valuation date under the 
Securities. Any such hedging activities may negatively affect the value of the Reference 
Asset(s) or the performance of the Securities.  
This hedging activity may present a conflict of interest between your interest as a holder 
of the Securities and the interests that JPMorgan Chase entities have in executing, 
maintaining and adjusting hedge transactions. These hedging activities could also 
negatively (or positively) affect the price at which the Dealer (or an affiliate) is willing 
to purchase your Securities in the secondary market (if any). 
The Dealer and other JPMorgan Chase entities are also likely to trade the Reference 
Assets or the constituents or components of any Reference Asset on a regular basis 
(taking long or short positions or both), for their accounts, for other accounts under their 
management and to facilitate transactions, including block transactions, on behalf of 
customers. While a particular outcome cannot be predicted, any of these hedging 
activities or other such trading activities could potentially reduce (or increase) the value 
of the Reference Asset(s) on a valuation date, which could have a material adverse impact 
on the value of and return on the Securities. 
(b) 
JPMorgan Chase's business activities 
JPMorgan Chase may currently or from time to time engage in business with the issuer 
of a Reference Asset which is a Share or companies the equity securities of which are

--- Page 92 ---
Risk Factors 
 
86 
 
included in an Index, held by an ETF, included in a relevant Index, produce, trade or 
otherwise be active in relation to a commodity or constituent of a commodity index (the 
"underlying companies"). JPMorgan Chase may acquire non-public information about 
the underlying companies, and will not disclose any such information to you. In addition, 
JPMorgan Chase may publish research reports or otherwise express views about the 
underlying companies. These activities can give rise to specific conflicts of interest and 
therefore have a negative (or positive) impact on the value of the Securities. 
Additionally, JPMorgan Chase may serve as issuer, agent or underwriter for issuances 
of other securities or financial instruments with returns linked or related to changes in 
the level or price, as applicable, of a Share, a Commodity, an Index, a Fund or an ETF, 
the securities included in an Index or the securities, commodities or futures contracts 
held by a Fund or an ETF. To the extent that JPMorgan Chase serves as issuer, agent or 
underwriter for these securities or financial instruments, JPMorgan Chase's interests with 
respect to these securities or financial instruments may be adverse to those of the holders 
of the Securities. By introducing competing products into the marketplace in this manner, 
JPMorgan Chase (including any JPMorgan Chase entities) could adversely affect the 
value of the Securities. 
JPMorgan Chase may currently or from time to time engage in trading activities related 
to the currencies in which the equity securities underlying an Index, a Fund or an ETF 
are denominated. If currency exchange rate calculations are involved in the calculation 
of the closing levels of an Index or the net asset values or closing prices of a Fund or an 
ETF, these trading activities could potentially affect the exchange rates with respect to 
the currencies in which the equity securities underlying that Index, Fund or ETF are 
denominated, the closing levels of that Index or the net asset values or closing prices of 
that Fund or ETF and, accordingly, could negatively (or positively) impact the value of 
the Securities.  
In the course of its currency trading activities, JPMorgan Chase may acquire material 
non-public information with respect to currency exchange rates, and will not disclose 
any such information to you. In addition, JPMorgan Chase may produce and/or publish 
research reports, or otherwise express views, with respect to expected movements in 
currency exchange rates. These activities can give rise to specific conflicts of interest 
and such activities could have a negative (or positive) impact on the value of the 
Securities. 
8 
Risks related to taxation 
8.1 
General 
The tax overviews provided in "Taxation" below address only certain aspects of the taxation of 
income from Securities in a limited number of jurisdictions and are included in this Base 
Prospectus solely for information purposes. These overviews cannot replace individual legal or 
tax advice or become a sole base for any investment decisions and/or assessment of any potential 
tax consequences thereof. The level and bases of taxation (including as part of any minimum 
global tax regime) could change in the future, such changes may be applied retrospectively and 
the value of any reliefs will depend on your own particular circumstances. 
8.2 
Additional Amounts on account of withholding tax will not be payable on the Securities in 
certain circumstances 
The Issuer will not pay "Additional Amounts" (as defined in General Condition 20.1 (Obligation 
to pay Additional Amounts) below) to Holders of Securities should withholding taxes become 
payable on payments of principal or interest by or within a Relevant Jurisdiction where: 
• 
the Holder is a resident within that Relevant Jurisdiction; or  
• 
"Gross up" is specified to be "not applicable" in the relevant Issue Terms; or

--- Page 93 ---
Risk Factors 
 
87 
 
• 
one or more customary or other exceptions (as detailed in General Condition 20.2 
(Circumstances in which Additional Amounts will not be paid) below) to the "Gross up" 
obligation applies.  
In addition to the above circumstances, the Issuer will not pay "Additional Amounts" to Holders 
of Securities: 
• 
in respect of any withholding taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA; or 
• 
in respect of U.S. withholding taxes on payments treated as "dividend equivalent" 
payments under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the "Code") (see "Taxation – United States Federal Income Taxation – Taxation of 
Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. – Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders - U.S. 
Withholding on Dividend Equivalent Payments" below) where:  
• 
"Gross up" is specified to be "not applicable" in the relevant Issue Terms; or  
• 
"Gross up" is specified to be "applicable" in the relevant Issue Terms, but 
"Exclude Section 871(m) Taxes from Gross Up" is also specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
• 
in the reasonable determination of the Issuer, such withholding tax would not 
have been imposed but for the Holder or beneficial owner (or a related party 
thereof) engaging in one or more transactions (other than the mere purchase of 
the Security) whether or not in connection with the acquisition, holding or 
disposition of the Security that establishes the withholding obligation; or 
• 
in respect of any withholding taxes imposed otherwise than by a Relevant Jurisdiction; 
or 
• 
if one or more customary exceptions (as detailed in General Condition 20.2 
(Circumstances in which Additional Amounts will not be paid) below) to the "Gross up" 
obligation applies. 
Accordingly, in the above circumstances, the return on your Securities will be reduced by the 
amount being withheld. In all other circumstances, the Issuer will pay Additional Amounts 
should withholding taxes become payable on payments of principal or interest by or within a 
Relevant Jurisdiction. 
8.3 
Payments to Holders in respect of the Securities and payments received by JPMSP may 
be subject to withholding taxes, which may give rise to a right for JPMSP to redeem or 
terminate the Securities early 
Under any of (a) U.S. tax legislation commonly known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
Act, (b) analogous provisions of non-U.S. laws, (c) an intergovernmental agreement in 
furtherance of such legislation or laws, or (d) an individual agreement entered into with a taxing 
authority pursuant to such legislation or laws (collectively, "FATCA"), the Issuer or an 
intermediary may be required to withhold a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on payments made 
to certain Holders in respect of the relevant Securities. Withholding generally applies to 
payments of U.S. source interest, dividends (including payments treated as "dividend 
equivalents" under Section 871(m) of the Code) and other passive income. Withholding on 
"foreign passthru payments" will apply no earlier than two years after the date on which final 
U.S. Treasury regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published. The withholding 
tax may apply to payments in respect of Securities made to a non-U.S. Holder or beneficial 
owner that is not in compliance with applicable reporting and withholding obligations or that 
fails to provide ownership certifications and identifying information or, if applicable, for 
waivers of any law prohibiting the disclosure of such information to a taxing authority (such 
Holders and beneficial owners, "Recalcitrant Holders"). In the event that the relevant Issuer 
or an intermediary is required to deduct a withholding tax under FATCA, no additional amounts 
will be paid to the Holder or beneficial owner of the Security.

--- Page 94 ---
Risk Factors 
 
88 
 
Investors should be aware that the effective date for withholding on "foreign passthru payments" 
discussed above reflects proposed U.S. Treasury regulations ("Proposed FATCA 
Regulations") which delay the effective date for withholding on foreign passthru payments. 
The Proposed FATCA Regulations also eliminate FATCA withholding on gross proceeds from, 
or final payments, redemptions, or other principal payments made in respect of, the disposition 
of an instrument that may produce U.S. source interest or dividends ("U.S. Gross Proceeds"). 
The U.S. Treasury has indicated that taxpayers may rely on the Proposed FATCA Regulations 
until final regulations are issued. The discussion above assumes that the Proposed FATCA 
Regulations will be finalised in their current form and that such final regulations will be effective 
retroactively. No assurance can be given that the Proposed FATCA Regulations will be finalised 
in their current form or that any such final regulations will be effective retroactively. 
Under FATCA, JPMSP may also be subject to a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on certain 
payments made to it if it does not comply with the relevant requirements under FATCA. In the 
event JPMSP determines that there is a substantial likelihood that payments made to it would 
be subject to withholding tax under FATCA or if JPMSP otherwise determines that there is a 
substantial likelihood that it will violate any requirement of, or an agreement entered into with 
a taxing authority with respect to, FATCA, it is possible that a portion or all Securities of a 
series issued by JPMSP will be redeemed or terminated at the Early Payment Amount 
(which amount may be less than the purchase price paid by the Holder, depending on the 
fair market value of the Securities at the relevant time and, where specified in the terms 
of the Securities, associated costs of the Issuer to be deducted). 
It is anticipated that each Issuer will comply with any due diligence, reporting and withholding 
requirements under FATCA. Accordingly, the relevant Issuer may be required, amongst other 
things, to withhold 30 per cent. on payments made to Holders or beneficial owners of Securities. 
Should the relevant Issuer or intermediary withhold on payments pursuant to FATCA, there will 
be no "gross up" (or any other additional amount) payable by way of compensation to such 
Holders or beneficial owners for the amounts deducted. 
See also "Taxation – United States Federal Income Taxation – FATCA", below. 
8.4 
U.S. Federal Income Tax Reportable Transaction 
The U.S. Treasury Department and the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") released a notice 
designating certain "basket contracts" and substantially similar transactions as "transactions of 
interest" subject to information reporting requirements as "reportable transactions" under 
Section 6011 of the Code. In general, the notice could apply to a Security linked to a basket of 
assets or financial index where a beneficial owner is (i) a United States person as defined under 
the Code, or (ii) a non-United States person whose income, gain or loss, if any, would be 
effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business (an "ECI Holder"), and such beneficial 
owner (or person acting on behalf of the beneficial owner) has the discretion to change the 
referenced assets or trading algorithm underlying the index. If a United States person or an ECI 
Holder becomes a beneficial owner of such a Security in contravention with the Security's 
selling restrictions (which prohibit sales to, or beneficial ownership by, United States persons 
or ECI Holders), such a United States person or ECI Holder may be required to report certain 
information to the IRS, as set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations regarding "reportable 
transactions". A Holder or beneficial owner that fails to disclose the transaction in accordance 
with the notice could be subject to penalties. 
In addition to the potential reporting requirement discussed above, the relevant Issuer, or 
affiliates of the relevant Issuer, may be required to report the issuance of any such securities to 
the IRS to the extent the relevant Issuer cannot document the appropriate non-U.S. tax status of 
each beneficial owner. As the relevant Issuer does not expect to be able to document the U.S. 
tax status of each holder, the relevant Issuer currently expects to disclose the issuance of any 
such Securities to the IRS as a potential "transaction of interest". 
9 
Risks relating to Bond Linked Securities 
9.1 
You are assuming Credit Risk of the Reference Obligor and the risk that the Reference 
Bond redeems and/or is repaid early

--- Page 95 ---
Risk Factors 
 
89 
 
Following the occurrence of a Reference Obligor Event during the specified period, or as a result 
of certain other early redemption events, each Security will be redeemed early and the Early 
Payment Amount payable in respect of each Security will be dependent on, and the return on 
and value of each Security could be materially affected by, the value of the Reference Bond and 
a Hypothetical Derivative.  
A Reference Obligor Event will occur if (i) the Reference Bond is redeemed and/or repaid early 
and (ii) upon certain other credit events with respect to the Reference Bond or, if "Reference 
Bond Only" is not applicable any other obligation of the Reference Obligor, for the payment or 
repayment of borrowed money, which includes the Reference Bond or any such obligation 
becoming, or becoming capable of being declared, payable prior to its scheduled maturity date, 
the Reference Bond or any such obligation becoming due and payable before it would otherwise 
have been due and payable as a result of the occurrence of a default, certain failures to make 
payments in respect of such Reference Bond or any such other obligation, a repudiation or 
moratorium in respect of such Reference Bond or any such other obligation, an amendment to 
the terms of the Reference Bond or any such other obligation either agreed between the 
Reference Obligor or a governmental authority and a sufficient number of holders of the 
Reference Bond or such other obligation to bind all holders of the Reference Bond or such other 
obligation, an amendment to the terms of the Reference Bond or such other obligation imposed 
by a governmental authority, certain bankruptcy events in respect of the Reference Obligor or a 
public announcement by or on behalf of ISDA or by another designated entity in relation to 
ISDA of the occurrence of a credit event in relation to the Reference Obligor in relation to the 
Reference Bond or any such other obligation. 
Because of the Security being linked to the value of the Reference Bond upon an early 
redemption, and with early redemption being triggered by a Reference Obligor Event, you are 
exposed to the credit risk of the Reference Obligor (or any successor thereto in respect of the 
Reference Bond). You should note that if "Reference Bond Only" is not applicable to your 
Security, you are exposed not only to the credit risk of the Reference Obligor in relation to the 
Reference Bond but also to the credit risk of the Reference Obligor in respect of other borrowed 
money obligations of the Reference Obligor.  
In addition to credit related events, it will also be a Reference Obligor Event if the Reference 
Bond is redeemed and/or repaid early. You therefore take the risk of being exposed to the value 
of the Reference Bond if the Reference Bond is redeemed and/or repaid early, regardless of 
whether such redemption and/or repayment is related to credit impairment or any form of 
default.  
If a Reference Obligor Event occurs, the value of the Reference Bond will be likely to be 
materially adversely affected and the Reference Bond is likely to trade at a considerable discount 
to its nominal or notional amount and could have a value at or near zero. As a result, upon the 
occurrence of a Reference Obligor Event, it is likely that the value of a Security will be 
significantly impaired (and might be zero) and any Early Payment Amount might be at a 
considerable discount to its nominal or notional amount, or to the amount invested, and might 
be zero.  
Even where a Reference Obligor Event has not occurred, the market value of the Securities may 
be adversely affected when the probability or perceived probability of a Reference Obligor 
Event occurring increases. 
The likelihood of a Reference Obligor Event occurring will generally fluctuate with, among 
other things, the financial condition and other characteristics of the Reference Obligor, general 
economic conditions, the condition of certain financial markets, political events, developments 
or trends in any particular industry and changes in prevailing interest rates. Prospective investors 
should review the Reference Obligor and conduct their own investigation and analysis with 
respect to the creditworthiness of the Reference Obligor and the likelihood of the occurrence of 
a Reference Obligor Event. 
Subject to the Security Interests granted by the Collateral Provider in respect of the Series of 
Securities or the Linked Series of Securities, as applicable, the Securities also bear the credit 
risk of the Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor (see Risk Factor 1 "The Securities are subject

--- Page 96 ---
Risk Factors 
 
90 
 
to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor and the risk of U.S. 
insolvency and resolution considerations as well as the risk relating to other recovery and 
resolution proceedings" above). The risk of default of the Reference Obligor, the Issuer and, if 
applicable, the Guarantor may be correlated in that adverse economic factors which apply to 
one may apply to the others, or the default or decline in the creditworthiness of one may itself 
adversely affect the others. Such risks may be particularly significant where the Reference 
Obligor, the Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor are concentrated in a particular industry 
sector or geographical region, which, in turn, can have an adverse effect on the return on and 
value of the Securities. 
9.2 
Factors that influence the value of the Reference Bond and the Hypothetical Derivative 
The value of the Reference Bond will be subject to credit, liquidity, interest rate and other 
market risks. The market value of the Reference Bond will be affected by several factors 
including but not limited to (i) the creditworthiness of the Reference Obligor, (ii) market 
perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the time remaining to scheduled 
maturity of the Reference Bond, and (iv) the liquidity of the Reference Bond. Depending on the 
particular Reference Bond, there might only be limited liquidity for such asset and generally, 
but especially in times of financial distress, the value of such assets might be significantly 
negatively affected by any such limited liquidity. 
The value of the Hypothetical Derivative will depend on the value attributed to each of the 
different payment "legs" of such Hypothetical Derivative. The Hypothetical Derivative is a 
hypothetical derivative transaction between two financial counterparties under which (a) the 
first counterparty makes payment to the other counterparty of amounts equal to the payments of 
principal and interest that are scheduled to be paid by the Reference Obligor on an aggregate 
amount of the Reference Bond equal to the Reference Bond Notional Amount (the "Pay Leg") 
and (b) the other counterparty makes payment to the first counterparty of certain amounts 
scheduled to be paid and/or deliverable by the Issuer on the Securities Outstanding Nominal 
Amount of the Securities (the "Receive Leg").  
From the perspective of the Holder, if, at the time of calculation, the economic value of the 
payments under the Receive Leg (as valued by the Calculation Agent) are greater than the 
economic value of the payments under the Pay Leg, the Hypothetical Derivative will have a 
positive value for the Holder in the determination of the Early Payment Amount.  
By contrast, if, at the time of calculation, the economic value of the payments under the Pay Leg 
are greater than the economic value of the payments under the Receive Leg, the Hypothetical 
Derivative will have a negative value for the Holder in the determination of the Early Payment 
Amount and this will reduce (possibly to zero) the value of any Early Payment Amount.  
In determining the value of the Hypothetical Derivative and the Reference Bond, the Calculation 
Agent may make such determination using its internal models and methodologies by reference 
to such factors as the Calculation Agent may consider to be appropriate. You should note that 
in determining the economic value of the payments under the Hypothetical Derivative, this is a 
determination of the economic value at the time of calculation and is different than simply 
adding up the stated amounts payable under the Hypothetical Derivative over its life. Instead, it 
reflects market value at the time of calculation of the right of a counterparty to receive those 
payments when they would have been scheduled to have been paid in the future.  
Such valuation will be impacted by factors including (without limitation) interest rates, 
exchange rates, market liquidity, deemed credit risk of the counterparties and any other risks 
relating to payments or amounts due under the Securities.  
These factors might influence the value of the Reference Bond and the Hypothetical Derivative 
which, in turn, can have a negative impact on the value of and return on your Securities. 
9.3 
The market value or return on Bond Linked Securities on early redemption may not be 
comparable or directly proportionate to the change in value of the Reference Bond

--- Page 97 ---
Risk Factors 
 
91 
 
In contrast to a direct investment in the relevant Reference Bond, Bond Linked Securities 
represent the right, following the occurrence of a Reference Obligor Event or other early 
redemption event, to receive payment of amounts which will be determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Bond and a Hypothetical Derivative. In such cases, whilst 
the return on the Bond Linked Securities will be influenced (positively or negatively) by such 
Reference Bond, any change may not be comparable or directly proportionate to the change in 
value of such Reference Bond, and you may receive less or lose more than if you had invested 
in the Reference Bond directly. 
Many economic and market factors will influence the value of the Bond Linked Securities. 
However, you should not expect the value of the Bond Linked Securities in the secondary 
market to vary in proportion to changes in the value of the Reference Bond. In addition to the 
risks highlighted in Risk Factor 2.3 "Prior to their scheduled redemption, the value of the 
Securities will be influenced by many factors and cannot be predicted" above, the value of the 
Bond Linked Securities following the occurrence of a Reference Obligor Event during the 
specified period or other early redemption event will be partially dependent on the value of the 
Reference Bond and the Hypothetical Derivative. Such Bond Linked Securities will 
consequently be affected by a number of other factors that may either offset or magnify each 
other, including, but not limited to: 
(a) 
the actual and expected frequency and magnitude of changes in the value of any 
Reference Bond (i.e., volatility);  
(b) 
the financial condition and perceived creditworthiness of the Reference Obligor, 
including actual or anticipated downgrades in its credit ratings; and 
(c) 
prevailing and anticipated interest rates, foreign exchange rates, market liquidity, 
deemed credit risk of the counterparties and any other risks relating to payments or 
amounts due under the Securities.  
Some or all of these factors will influence the price you will receive if you choose to sell your 
Bond Linked Securities prior to maturity. The impact of any of the factors set forth above may 
enhance or offset some or all of any change resulting from another factor or factors. You may 
have to sell your Bond Linked Securities at a substantial discount from the original purchase 
price and may lose some or all of your investment. 
9.4 
The past performance of a Reference Bond is not indicative of future performance 
Any information about the past performance of the Reference Bond at the time of the issuance 
of the Bond Linked Security should not be regarded as indicative of the range of, or trends in, 
fluctuations in the Reference Bond that may occur in the future. Actual results will be different, 
and such differences may be material and could have a negative impact on the value of and 
return on your Securities. 
9.5 
Redemption of the Securities may be deferred  
In certain cases, the Maturity Date or Settlement Date of the Security may be postponed where 
it is possible that a Reference Obligor Event may have occurred, or may occur, in the specified 
period. The period of deferral may be substantial. No additional interest or any other amount 
shall be payable in respect of any such postponed period, which, in turn, could have a negative 
impact on the value of and return on your Securities. 
9.6 
No Holder rights with respect to the Reference Obligor 
The Securities will not represent a claim against the Reference Obligor and, in the event of any 
loss, a Holder will not have recourse under the Securities to the Reference Obligor. 
The Issuer has no obligation to hold the Reference Bond and/or Reference Obligor Obligation(s) 
(as applicable). You will not have any legal or beneficial rights of ownership in the Reference 
Bond and/or Reference Obligor Obligation(s) (as applicable), including, any voting rights, any 
rights to receive dividends or other distributions or any other rights with respect to the Reference 
Bond and/or Reference Obligor Obligation(s) (as applicable).

--- Page 98 ---
Risk Factors 
 
92 
 
JPMorgan Chase has no ability to control or predict the actions of the Reference Obligor, 
including actions that could affect the value of your Securities. None of the money you pay us 
will go to the Reference Obligor, the Reference Obligor will not be involved in the offering of 
the Securities in any way, and the Reference Obligor will not have any obligation to consider 
your interest as a Holder in taking any actions that might affect the value of your Securities.  
Accordingly, the lack of rights of the holders of the Securities with respect to the Reference 
Obligor can negatively affect the value of and return on your Securities. 
9.7 
Reference Obligor may change as a result of the determination of a successor Reference 
Obligor 
Any determination of a Successor that occurs with respect to the Reference Obligor (or its 
Successor) in relation to the Reference Bond may change the probability of the occurrence of a 
Reference Obligor Event, the value of the Securities and risk of your investment. You should 
read the Bond Linked Provisions (including, without limitation, the definition of "Successor") 
for more information on the effect of the determination of a Successor in respect of the 
Reference Obligor on the Securities.  
9.8 
Information relating to the Reference Obligor may be incomplete, inaccurate or 
misleading 
As the occurrence of a Reference Obligor Event will result in the redemption of the Securities, 
each Security being redeemed at an amount which may be significantly less than the nominal 
amount of the Securities, you should conduct your own investigation and analysis with respect 
to the creditworthiness of the Reference Obligor and the likelihood of the occurrence of a 
Reference Obligor Event or the determination of a Successor. 
On the issue date of the Securities, the Reference Obligor may be a publicly reporting company 
and financial and other information with respect to the Reference Obligor may be available from 
publicly available sources. Publicly available information in relation to the Reference Obligor 
may be incomplete, inaccurate or misleading. JPMorgan Chase makes no representation as to 
the accuracy or completeness of any information available with respect to the Reference 
Obligor. Furthermore, JPMorgan Chase gives no assurance that all events occurring prior to the 
issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of any publicly 
available documents) that would affect the creditworthiness of a Reference Obligor have been 
publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of, or failure to 
disclose, material future events concerning a Reference Obligor could affect its creditworthiness 
and therefore the market value of the Securities, the likelihood of a Reference Obligor Event 
occurring in relation to the relevant Reference Obligor and the resulting Early Payment Amount. 
JPMorgan Chase will have no obligation to keep Holders informed as to any matters with respect 
to the Reference Obligor or any of its obligations, including whether or not circumstances exist 
that give rise to the possibility of the occurrence of a Reference Obligor Event or the 
determination of a Successor with respect to the Reference Obligor. 
You will not have the right to inspect any of JPMorgan Chase's records. Except for the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Issue Terms, JPMorgan Chase 
will have no obligation to disclose any information or evidence regarding the existence or terms 
of any obligation of the Reference Obligor or otherwise regarding such Reference Obligor, any 
guarantor or any other person. 
9.9 
Potential conflicts of interest with the Calculation Agent; calculations and determinations 
The Calculation Agent may carry out hedging activities related to the Securities, including 
trading in the obligations of the Reference Obligor as well as in other instruments related to the 
Reference Obligor. The Calculation Agent may also trade the obligations of the Reference 
Obligor and other financial instruments related to the obligations of the Reference Obligor on a 
regular basis as part of its general businesses. In certain cases, the Calculation Agent acts in its 
sole discretion in carrying out calculations and determinations with respect to the Securities and, 
in such cases, will act in the interests of the Issuer and not in the interests of the Holders. Any

--- Page 99 ---
Risk Factors 
 
93 
 
determination and/or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall, in the absence of manifest error, 
be final and binding on the Issuer and Holders. See Risk Factor 7.1 "JPMorgan Chase as Issuer 
and Calculation Agent has authority to make discretionary determinations under the Securities" 
above. 
The Calculation Agent has no responsibility for (i) conducting or failing to conduct any 
investigation into the business, financial condition, prospects, creditworthiness, status and/or 
affairs of the Reference Obligor or (ii) monitoring the Reference Obligor, the Reference Bond 
and any other Reference Obligor Obligations, during the term of the Securities, and the 
Calculation Agent shall only be required to determine that a Reference Obligor Event has 
occurred where it has actual knowledge, within the relevant team responsible for discharging 
the duties of the Calculation Agent, of such an event. Therefore, even if a Reference Obligor 
Event were to occur, an early redemption of the Securities may not follow.  
9.10 
Potential conflicts of interest with JPMorgan Chase 
JPMorgan Chase may currently or from time to time engage in commercial, investment banking 
or other business with the Reference Obligor, and/or any affiliate of the Reference Obligor, or 
any other person or entity having obligations relating to the Reference Obligor, and may act 
with respect to such business in the same manner as if the Securities did not exist, regardless of 
whether any such action might have an adverse effect on the Reference Obligor or the Holders 
or otherwise (including, without limitation, the acceptance of deposits and the extension of loans 
or credit and any action that might constitute or give rise to a Reference Obligor Event). In the 
course of this business, JPMorgan Chase may acquire non-public information about the 
Reference Obligor, and in addition, JPMorgan Chase may publish research reports about it. 
JPMorgan Chase has no responsibility to, and it will not, disclose any such information to the 
Holders. You should undertake such independent investigation of the Reference Obligor as in 
your judgment is appropriate to make an informed decision with respect to an investment in the 
Securities. 
JPMorgan Chase trades instruments related to the Reference Obligor on a regular basis, for their 
accounts and for other accounts under their management. JPMorgan Chase may also issue or 
underwrite or assist unaffiliated entities in the issuance or underwriting of other securities or 
financial instruments with returns linked to the Reference Obligor. To the extent that JPMorgan 
Chase serves as issuer, arranger or dealer for such securities or financial instruments, its interests 
with respect to such products may be adverse to those of the Holders of the Securities. Any of 
these trading activities could potentially affect the credit of the Reference Obligor and, 
accordingly, could affect the value of the Securities, and the amount, if any, payable to you at 
maturity. 
JPMorgan Chase may currently or from time to time engage in business with the Reference 
Obligor. In the course of this business, JPMorgan Chase may acquire non-public information 
about the Reference Obligor, and such information will not be disclosed to you. In addition, 
JPMorgan Chase may publish research reports about the Reference Obligor. Any prospective 
purchaser of Securities should undertake such independent investigation of the Reference 
Obligor in its judgment as to whether an investment in the Securities is appropriate. 
JPMorgan Chase may serve as issuer, arranger or dealer for additional issuances of Securities 
or Securities with returns linked or related to the Reference Obligor. By introducing competing 
products into the marketplace in this manner, JPMorgan Chase could adversely affect the value 
of the Securities. 
The Issuer and JPMorgan Chase act in their sole discretion in determining whether to accept 
commitments to purchase the Securities, whether to accept offers of early tender of the 
Securities and in determining the terms of any such early tender of the Securities.

--- Page 100 ---
Risk Factors 
 
94 
 
RISKS RELATING TO COLLATERAL ARRANGEMENTS 
For ease of reference, the contents of this section are set out in the following table:  
10 
Risks relating to collateral arrangements  
 
10.1 
Risks relating to the collateral arrangements in respect of any Series of Securities where the 
Collateral Provider is J.P. Morgan Securities plc (or another entity incorporated in the UK) 
(A) 
Risks that the applicable Security Interests might be characterised as a floating charge and 
might not be an SFCA 
 
(I) 
Each Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as "Static 
Collateral" and the Securities are Bond Linked Securities 
 
(II) 
Each Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as "Static 
Collateral" and the Securities are not Bond Linked Securities 
 
(III) 
Each Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as "Margined 
Collateral" 
 
(IV) 
Each Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as "Static 
and Margined Collateral" 
(B) 
Risk of statutory freeze on enforcement of security if the Collateral Provider is in 
administration 
(C) 
Risk that the Security Interests are not registered at Companies House (the UK registrar of 
companies) 
(D) 
Risks relating to the special resolution regime under the Banking Act 2009 
10.2 
Risks relating to the collateral arrangements in respect of any Series of Securities where the 
Collateral Provider is J.P. Morgan SE (or another entity incorporated in Germany) 
(A) 
Risks that the applicable Security Interests might be characterised as a security interest over 
changing Collateral and might not be an SFCA 
 
(I) 
Each Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as "Static 
Collateral" and the Securities are Bond Linked Securities 
 
(II) 
Each Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as "Static 
Collateral" and the Securities are not Bond Linked Securities 
 
(III) 
Each Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as "Margined 
Collateral" 
 
(IV) 
Each Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as "Static 
and Margined Collateral" 
(B) 
Risks relating to the special resolution regime under the BRRD in relation to J.P. Morgan SE 
(C) 
Risks relating to insolvency in relation to J.P. Morgan SE 
10.3 
Risks relating to the collateral arrangements in respect of every Series of Securities (regardless 
of the place of incorporation of the Collateral Provider) 
 
(A) 
Risk that the Security Trustee fails to enforce the Security Interests or apply the 
proceeds of enforcement 
 
 
(B) 
Risks relating to the Security Trustee indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding 
 
(C) 
Risks relating to the Custodian 
 
(D) 
The Security Interests in respect of the Securities do not become enforceable 
immediately following a failure by the Issuer to pay or deliver an amount payable or 
deliverable by the Issuer by way of a redemption in full

--- Page 101 ---
Risk Factors 
 
95 
 
 
(E) 
Failure to pay or deliver on another Security may trigger redemption of your Security 
 
10 
Risks relating to collateral arrangements  
10.1 
Risks relating to the collateral arrangements in respect of any Series of Securities where 
the Collateral Provider is J.P. Morgan Securities plc (or another entity incorporated in 
the UK) 
(A) 
Risks that the applicable Security Interests might be characterised as a floating charge 
and might not be an SFCA 
The risks that the applicable Security Interests might be characterised as a floating charge and 
might not be a "security financial collateral arrangement" (an "SFCA") pursuant to the Financial 
Collateral Arrangements (No. 2) Regulations, SI 2003/3226 (as amended) (the "FC Regs") are 
described in the respective sub-sections below in respect of the relevant Type of 
Collateralisation and (where applicable) whether or not the Securities are Bond Linked 
Securities. 
The Types of Collateralisation and collateral arrangements more broadly are described in the 
section headed "Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities" 
below.  
(I) 
Each Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as "Static 
Collateral" and the Securities are Bond Linked Securities 
In respect of each Series of Securities that are Bond Linked Securities where the Type of 
Collateralisation is specified as "Static Collateral" in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Collateral Provider will grant a first ranking pledge ("gage de premier rang") under 
Luxembourg law (the "Luxembourg Law Pledge") over the collateral held with the 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) (the "Collateral"). The Luxembourg Law Pledge will be 
granted in favour of BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (and its successors 
from time to time) acting as the Security Trustee for the benefit of itself, any appointee 
thereof and the Holders of such Series of Securities.  
Although there are good arguments that the Luxembourg Law Pledge would take effect 
as a fixed charge under English law, in the absence of settled law on this point, there is 
nevertheless a risk that the Luxembourg Law Pledge could take effect as a floating charge 
under English law, in which case there would be several disadvantages for the Holders.  
In order for the Luxembourg Law Pledge to be construed as a fixed charge under English 
law there needs to be, amongst other things, restrictions on the ability of the Collateral 
Provider to carry on its business in the ordinary way with respect to the Collateral. There 
is, however, uncertainty as to the precise levels of restrictions required to create a fixed 
charge (and it is difficult to have certainty that a security interest is a fixed charge).  
The custody arrangements with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) includes a right for the 
Collateral Provider (the "Contingent Substitution Right"), following the occurrence of 
an early redemption event with respect to the Securities, during an Early Payment 
Valuation Period to instruct the Collateral Custodian (Lux) to substitute some or all of 
the Collateral with an amount of cash, as confirmed by The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Dublin Branch (acting as the Collateral Monitoring Agent), at least equal to the 
market value of the Collateral being substituted (and neither the Security Trustee nor the 
Holders are required to consent to the substitution), and with the Calculation Agent 
determining such market value. There is a risk that such a substitution right would result 
in the Luxembourg Law Pledge constituting a floating charge under English law. This is 
because, prior to the Luxembourg Law Pledge becoming enforceable, the Collateral 
Provider might be viewed as directing the use of the assets that are the subject of the 
security. In addition, the nature of a fixed charge is that it relates to specific assets 
whereas any substitution right could potentially be viewed as meaning that the 
Luxembourg Law Pledge does not create a specific security over any particular asset

--- Page 102 ---
Risk Factors 
 
96 
 
given that the assets can, albeit in limited circumstances, change. English law is unclear 
whether a tightly constrained, limited right of substitution such as the Contingent 
Substitution Right (as compared with an ongoing general substitution right) would 
necessarily be inconsistent with a fixed charge. There are good arguments as to why such 
a limited right of substitution should be viewed differently than a more general right of 
substitution, but there is no settled case law on the point.  
In addition to the Contingent Substitution Right, the custody arrangements with the 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) also includes an obligation (the "Payment of Distributions 
Obligation") for the Collateral Custodian (Lux) to transfer any distributions on the 
Collateral by way of interest, dividends or other income (but not principal payments) to 
the Collateral Provider such that those distributions will not be held by the Collateral 
Custodian (Lux) under the Luxembourg Law Pledge. Under English law, for a security 
interest over an asset that generates payments to be a fixed charge, there must be 
sufficient control over the "proceeds" of such asset (for example, with such payment 
being credited to a blocked bank account and only released upon explicit consent of the 
secured party at the relevant time). Where the Collateral is in the form of debt securities, 
the question arises whether payments of interest or other income (but not principal) 
would constitute "proceeds". There are strong arguments why interest or other income 
(not being principal) generated on debt securities should not be seen as the "proceeds" of 
such debt securities. The payment of such interest or other income does not destroy the 
debt securities as the right to receive the principal payment would remain outstanding. 
Similar reasoning would apply to dividends on equity securities. However, the law is not 
clear and were a court to hold that interest, dividends or other income did, in fact, 
constitute "proceeds" the automatic transfer of such distributions could then result in the 
Luxembourg Law Pledge being a floating charge under English law.  
Accordingly, given the legal uncertainty in this area under English law, although there 
are good reasons why these features may not be inconsistent with a fixed charge, there 
is a risk that either or both of the Contingent Substitution Right and the Payment of 
Distributions Obligation, or some other factor, could result in the Luxembourg Law 
Pledge taking effect as a floating charge on the basis that disposals of the Collateral to 
the Collateral Provider are not sufficiently restricted.  
If the Luxembourg Law Pledge were held to take effect as a floating charge (and not as 
a fixed charge), there would be several disadvantages for the Holders, including the 
following: 
(a) 
the claims of the beneficiaries, including the Holders, of such Luxembourg Law 
Pledge, would, on a distribution in a UK winding-up or administration of the 
Collateral Provider, be subject to the claims which are given priority over a 
floating charge by law, including (i) prior charges, (ii) subsequent fixed charges 
(although, pursuant to the terms of the Luxembourg Law Pledge, the Collateral 
Provider has agreed not to create or permit to subsist any security interest over 
the Collateral, other than the Luxembourg Law Pledge itself and any security 
interest arising pursuant to the standard operating terms of a custodian or clearing 
agency or settlement system or depositary (if not waived by such person)), (iii) 
the expenses of any administration or winding-up, (iv) the claims of preferential 
creditors, primarily certain amounts due to employees, HMRC for certain taxes 
(including VAT, PAYE income tax and employee National Insurance 
contributions) and certain unpaid pension contributions, and (v) the claims of 
unsecured creditors in respect of a proportion of floating charge realisations set 
aside for such purpose, such realisations being subject to a maximum of £800,000 
(for floating charges created on or after 6 April 2020). It is therefore possible that 
if the Luxembourg Law Pledge were held to take effect as a floating charge (and 
not as a fixed charge) that some or all of the Collateral subject to the Luxembourg 
Law Pledge would not be available to meet claims of the beneficiaries, including 
the Holders, in particular if the expenses of any administration or winding-up of 
the Collateral Provider were substantial and if the Luxembourg Law Pledge were 
held not to have been created, or otherwise arisen, under an SFCA (as to which, 
see below);

--- Page 103 ---
Risk Factors 
 
97 
 
(b) 
there is a risk that, in an administration proceeding in England, the administrator 
in respect of the Collateral Provider may dispose of, or take action with respect 
to, the Collateral subject to the Luxembourg Law Pledge without the consent of 
the Collateral Provider or the court and without any need to make up to the 
Holders any shortfall in the market value of the Collateral on a sale (although the 
Holders will retain the same priority in respect of the proceeds of any sale); and 
(c) 
a floating charge is subject to wider powers of avoidance (under section 245 of 
the Insolvency Act 1986) than a fixed charge would be. Under section 245 of the 
Insolvency Act 1986, a floating charge created by a company will be invalid if 
created in a period of twelve months (or two years in the case of a floating charge 
in favour of a "connected person") ending with the onset of insolvency except to 
the extent of the value received by the company for the creation of the charge in 
money paid, or goods and services supplied to the company at the same time as 
or after the creation of the charge (and the amount of interest (if any) payable 
thereon). In addition, provided the floating charge was not granted to a "connected 
person" it would also be necessary for a floating charge to be invalidated that at 
the time the floating charge was created the relevant company was unable to pay 
its debts within the meaning of section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986 or became 
unable to do so as a consequence of the transaction under which the floating 
charge was created. In addition to the above scenario, a floating charge would 
also be invalid if granted between the time when applications or filings have been 
made to put the company into administration and the coming into effect of that 
administration, but again except to the extent of the value received by the 
company for the creation of the charge in money paid, or goods and services 
supplied to the company at the same time as or after the creation of the charge 
(and the amount of interest (if any) payable thereon). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Luxembourg Law Pledge is held to have been 
created, or otherwise arisen, under an SFCA pursuant to the FC Regs, then even if it is 
characterised as a floating charge, to the benefit of the Holders, the priority of the claims 
listed in (a)(iii) – (v) above and the wider powers of avoidance listed in (c) above will 
not apply. In addition, if the Luxembourg Law Pledge takes effect under English law as 
an SFCA, then, amongst other things, to the benefit of the Holders, the statutory freeze 
on enforcement of security that arises in connection with administration proceedings in 
England will not apply. 
However, given uncertain case law, whether the Luxembourg Law Pledge would satisfy 
all the requirements of the FC Regs is unclear. As a result, there is a material risk that 
the Luxembourg Law Pledge would not be held to have been created, or otherwise arisen, 
under an SFCA, in which case the disadvantages of a floating charge would still apply 
(if the charge were to take effect as a floating charge, rather than as a fixed charge, under 
English law).  
(II) 
Each Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as "Static 
Collateral" and the Securities are not Bond Linked Securities 
In respect of any Series of Securities that are not Bond Linked Securities where the Type 
of Collateralisation is specified as "Static Collateral" in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Collateral Provider will grant a first ranking pledge ("gage de premier rang") under 
Luxembourg law (the "Luxembourg Law Pledge") over the collateral held with the 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) (the "Collateral"). The Luxembourg Law Pledge will be 
granted in favour of BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (and its successors 
from time to time) acting as the Security Trustee for the benefit of itself, any appointee 
thereof and the Holders of such Series of Securities.  
Although there are very good arguments that the Luxembourg Law Pledge would take 
effect as a fixed charge under English law, in the absence of settled law on this point, 
there is nevertheless a low risk that the Luxembourg Law Pledge could take effect as a 
floating charge under English law, in which case there would be several disadvantages 
for the Holders.

--- Page 104 ---
Risk Factors 
 
98 
 
In order for the Luxembourg Law Pledge to be construed as a fixed charge under English 
law there needs to be, amongst other things, restrictions on the ability of the Collateral 
Provider to carry on its business in the ordinary way with respect to the Collateral. There 
is, however, uncertainty as to the precise levels of restrictions required to create a fixed 
charge (and it is difficult to have certainty that a security interest is a fixed charge).  
The custody arrangements with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) includes an obligation 
(the "Payment of Distributions Obligation") for the Collateral Custodian (Lux) to 
transfer any distributions on the Collateral by way of interest, dividends or other income 
(but not principal payments) to the Collateral Provider such that those distributions will 
not be held by the Collateral Custodian (Lux) under the Luxembourg Law Pledge. Under 
English law, for a security interest over an asset that generates payments to be a fixed 
charge, there must be sufficient control over the "proceeds" of such asset (for example, 
with such payment being credited to a blocked bank account and only released upon 
explicit consent of the secured party at the relevant time). Where the Collateral is in the 
form of debt securities, the question arises whether payments of interest or other income 
(but not principal) would constitute "proceeds". There are strong arguments why interest 
or other income (not being principal) generated on debt securities should not be seen as 
the "proceeds" of such debt securities. The payment of such interest or other income does 
not destroy the debt securities as the right to receive the principal payment would remain 
outstanding. Similar reasoning would apply to dividends on equity securities. However, 
the law is not clear and were a court to hold that interest, dividends or other income did, 
in fact, constitute "proceeds" the automatic transfer of such distributions could then result 
in the Luxembourg Law Pledge being a floating charge under English law.  
Accordingly, given the legal uncertainty in this area under English law, although there 
are very good reasons why these features may not be inconsistent with a fixed charge, 
there is a low risk that the Payment of Distributions Obligation, or some other factor, 
could result in the Luxembourg Law Pledge taking effect as a floating charge on the basis 
that disposals of the Collateral to the Collateral Provider are not sufficiently restricted.  
If the Luxembourg Law Pledge were held to take effect as a floating charge (and not as 
a fixed charge), there would be several disadvantages for the Holders, including the 
following: 
(a) 
the claims of the beneficiaries, including the Holders, of such Luxembourg Law 
Pledge, would, on a distribution in a UK winding-up or administration of the 
Collateral Provider, be subject to the claims which are given priority over a 
floating charge by law, including (i) prior charges, (ii) subsequent fixed charges 
(although, pursuant to the terms of the Luxembourg Law Pledge, the Collateral 
Provider has agreed not to create or permit to subsist any security interest over 
the Collateral, other than the Luxembourg Law Pledge itself and any security 
interest arising pursuant to the standard operating terms of a custodian or clearing 
agency or settlement system or depositary (if not waived by such person)), (iii) 
the expenses of any administration or winding-up, (iv) the claims of preferential 
creditors, primarily certain amounts due to employees, HMRC for certain taxes 
(including VAT, PAYE income tax and employee National Insurance 
contributions) and certain unpaid pension contributions, and (v) the claims of 
unsecured creditors in respect of a proportion of floating charge realisations set 
aside for such purpose, such realisations being subject to a maximum of £800,000 
(for floating charges created on or after 6 April 2020). It is therefore possible that 
if the Luxembourg Law Pledge were held to take effect as a floating charge (and 
not as a fixed charge) that some or all of the Collateral subject to the Luxembourg 
Law Pledge would not be available to meet claims of the beneficiaries, including 
the Holders, in particular if the expenses of any administration or winding-up of 
the Collateral Provider were substantial and if the Luxembourg Law Pledge were 
held not to have been created, or otherwise arisen, under an SFCA (as to which, 
see below);  
(b) 
there is a risk that, in an administration proceeding in England, the administrator 
in respect of the Collateral Provider may dispose of, or take action with respect

--- Page 105 ---
Risk Factors 
 
99 
 
to, the Collateral subject to the Luxembourg Law Pledge without the consent of 
the Collateral Provider or the court and without any need to make up to the 
Holders any shortfall in the market value of the Collateral on a sale (although the 
Holders will retain the same priority in respect of the proceeds of any sale); and 
(c) 
a floating charge is subject to wider powers of avoidance (under section 245 of 
the Insolvency Act 1986) than a fixed charge would be. Under section 245 of the 
Insolvency Act 1986, a floating charge created by a company will be invalid if 
created in a period of twelve months (or two years in the case of a floating charge 
in favour of a "connected person") ending with the onset of insolvency except to 
the extent of the value received by the company for the creation of the charge in 
money paid, or goods and services supplied to the company at the same time as 
or after the creation of the charge (and the amount of interest (if any) payable 
thereon). In addition, provided the floating charge was not granted to a "connected 
person" it would also be necessary for a floating charge to be invalidated that at 
the time the floating charge was created the relevant company was unable to pay 
its debts within the meaning of section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986 or became 
unable to do so as a consequence of the transaction under which the floating 
charge was created. In addition to the above scenario, a floating charge would 
also be invalid if granted between the time when applications or filings have been 
made to put the company into administration and the coming into effect of that 
administration, but again except to the extent of the value received by the 
company for the creation of the charge in money paid, or goods and services 
supplied to the company at the same time as or after the creation of the charge 
(and the amount of interest (if any) payable thereon). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Luxembourg Law Pledge is held to have been 
created, or otherwise arisen, under an SFCA pursuant to the FC Regs, then even if it is 
characterised as a floating charge, to the benefit of the Holders, the priority of the claims 
listed in (a)(iii) – (v) above and the wider powers of avoidance listed in (c) above will 
not apply. In addition, if the Luxembourg Law Pledge takes effect under English law as 
an SFCA, then, amongst other things, to the benefit of the Holders, the statutory freeze 
on enforcement of security that arises in connection with administration proceedings in 
England will not apply. 
However, given uncertain case law, whether the Luxembourg Law Pledge would satisfy 
all the requirements of the FC Regs is unclear. As a result, there is a material risk that 
the Luxembourg Law Pledge would not be held to have been created, or otherwise arisen, 
under an SFCA, in which case the disadvantages of a floating charge would still apply 
(if the charge were to take effect as a floating charge, rather than as a fixed charge, under 
English law).  
(III) Each Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as 
"Margined Collateral" 
In respect of any Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as 
"Margined Collateral" in the relevant Issue Terms, the Collateral Provider will grant:  
• 
in respect of the Required Fixed Value Collateral (as defined in the section headed 
"Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities") 
(i) a first ranking pledge ("gage de premier rang") under Luxembourg law (the 
"Luxembourg Law Pledge (A)") over any such collateral held with the 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) and (ii) a fixed charge under English law (the 
"English Law Charge (A)") over any such collateral held with the Collateral 
Custodian (UK) (the Luxembourg Law Pledge (A) and the English Law Charge 
(A) together, the "Security Interests (A)"); and 
• 
in respect of the Required MTM Value Collateral (as defined in the section headed 
"Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities") 
(i) a first ranking pledge ("gage de premier rang") under Luxembourg law (the 
"Luxembourg Law Pledge (B)") over any such collateral held with the Collateral

--- Page 106 ---
Risk Factors 
 
100 
 
Custodian (Lux) and (ii) a fixed charge under English law (the "English Law 
Charge (B)") over any such collateral held with the Collateral Custodian (UK) 
(the Luxembourg Law Pledge (B) and the English Law Charge (B) together, the 
"Security Interests (B)" and the Security Interests (A) and the Security Interests 
(B) together, the "Security Interests"). 
The Security Interests will be granted in favour of BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee 
Services Limited (and its successors from time to time) acting as the Security Trustee for 
the benefit of itself, any appointee thereof and the Holders of a Series of Securities 
(where the Type of Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being 
Single Series Collateral Pool) or the Linked Holders of the Linked Series of Securities 
(where the Type of Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being 
Multiple Series Collateral Pool) (the Holders or the Linked Holders, as applicable, the 
"Relevant Holders" and the Series of Securities or the Linked Series of Securities, as 
applicable, the "Relevant Series"). 
There is a high risk that each of the Security Interests could take effect as a floating 
charge (and not as a fixed charge) under English law, in which case there would be 
several disadvantages for the Relevant Holders. However, many of these disadvantages 
will not apply if the Security Interests are held to have been created, or otherwise arisen, 
under an SFCA pursuant to the FC Regs. With respect to Security Interests (A), there are 
very strong arguments as to why they would be held to have been created, or otherwise 
arisen, under an SFCA pursuant to the FC Regs, although, as described below, there is a 
low risk that this will not be the case. With respect to Security Interests (B), as described 
below, although it is possible that they may be held to have been created, or otherwise 
arisen, under an SFCA pursuant to the FC Regs, there is a substantial risk that they will 
not be so held.  
In order for each of the Security Interests to be construed as a fixed charge under English 
law there needs to be, amongst other things, restrictions on the ability of the Collateral 
Provider to carry on its business in the ordinary way with respect to the collateral subject 
to each charge. There is, however, uncertainty as to the precise levels of restrictions 
required to create a fixed charge (and it is difficult to have certainty that a security interest 
is a fixed charge).  
The custody arrangements with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and the Collateral 
Custodian (UK) include a number of features that give the Collateral Provider certain 
dealing rights with respect to the Required Fixed Value Collateral and the Required 
MTM Value Collateral (each as defined in the section headed "Overview of the collateral 
arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities" and together, the "Collateral"), 
including rights to require the withdrawal of excess Collateral and general rights to 
substitute the relevant Collateral with an amount of collateral at least equal to the market 
value of the Collateral being substituted. Neither the Security Trustee nor the Relevant 
Holders are required to consent to any such withdrawal or substitution. 
There is a high risk that such a withdrawal and/or substitution right would result in each 
of the Security Interests constituting a floating charge under English law on the basis that 
disposals of the Required Fixed Value Collateral and the Required MTM Value 
Collateral to the Collateral Provider are not sufficiently restricted.  
If the Security Interests were each held to take effect as a floating charge (and not as a 
fixed charge), there would be several disadvantages for the Relevant Holders, including 
the following: 
(a) 
the claims of the beneficiaries, including the Relevant Holders, of such Security 
Interests, would, on a distribution in a UK winding-up or administration of the 
Collateral Provider, be subject to the claims which are given priority over a 
floating charge by law, including (i) prior charges, (ii) subsequent fixed charges 
(although, pursuant to the terms of the Security Interests, the Collateral Provider 
has agreed not to create or permit to subsist any security interest over the 
Collateral, other than the Security Interests themselves and any security interest

--- Page 107 ---
Risk Factors 
 
101 
 
arising pursuant to the standard operating terms of a custodian or clearing agency 
or settlement system or depositary (if not waived by such person)), (iii) the 
expenses of any administration or winding-up, (iv) the claims of preferential 
creditors, primarily certain amounts due to employees, HMRC for certain taxes 
(including VAT, PAYE income tax and employee National Insurance 
contributions) and certain unpaid pension contributions, and (v) the claims of 
unsecured creditors in respect of a proportion of floating charge realisations set 
aside for such purpose, such realisations being subject to a maximum of £800,000 
(for floating charges created on or after 6 April 2020). It is therefore possible that 
if the Security Interests were each held to take effect as a floating charge (and not 
as a fixed charge) that some or all of the Collateral subject to the Security Interests 
would not be available to meet claims of the beneficiaries, including the Relevant 
Holders, in particular if the expenses of any administration or winding-up of the 
Collateral Provider were substantial and if the Security Interests were held not to 
have been created, or otherwise arisen, under an SFCA (as to which, see below);  
(b) 
there is a risk that, in an administration proceeding in England, the administrator 
in respect of the Collateral Provider may dispose of, or take action with respect 
to, the Collateral subject to the Security Interests without the consent of the 
Collateral Provider or the court and without any need to make up to the Relevant 
Holders any shortfall in the market value of the Collateral on a sale (although the 
Relevant Holders will retain the same priority in respect of the proceeds of any 
sale); and 
(c) 
a floating charge is subject to wider powers of avoidance (under section 245 of 
the Insolvency Act 1986) than a fixed charge would be. Under section 245 of the 
Insolvency Act 1986, a floating charge created by a company will be invalid if 
created in a period of twelve months (or two years in the case of a floating charge 
in favour of a "connected person") ending with the onset of insolvency except to 
the extent of the value received by the company for the creation of the charge in 
money paid, or goods and services supplied to the company at the same time as 
or after the creation of the charge (and the amount of interest (if any) payable 
thereon). In addition, provided the floating charge was not granted to a "connected 
person" it would also be necessary for a floating charge to be invalidated that at 
the time the floating charge was created the relevant company was unable to pay 
its debts within the meaning of section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986 or became 
unable to do so as a consequence of the transaction under which the floating 
charge was created. In addition to the above scenario, a floating charge would 
also be invalid if granted between the time when applications or filings have been 
made to put the company into administration and the coming into effect of that 
administration, but again except to the extent of the value received by the 
company for the creation of the charge in money paid, or goods and services 
supplied to the company at the same time as or after the creation of the charge 
(and the amount of interest (if any) payable thereon). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if each of the Security Interests are held to have been 
created, or otherwise arisen, under an SFCA pursuant to the FC Regs, then even if each 
Security Interest is characterised as a floating charge, to the benefit of the Relevant 
Holders, the priority of the claims listed in (a)(iii) – (v) above and the wider powers of 
avoidance listed in (c) above will not apply. In addition, if each Security Interest takes 
effect under English law as an SFCA then, amongst other things, to the benefit of the 
Relevant Holders, the statutory freeze on enforcement of security that arises in 
connection with administration proceedings in England will not apply. 
Risk that the Security Interests may not be an SFCA  
In order for the Security Interests to be an SFCA under the FC Regs, amongst other 
requirements, the Collateral must be under the "control" of the Security Trustee (as the 
collateral taker) even though it is held by the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the 
Collateral Custodian (UK) in the name of the Collateral Provider. The precise 
requirements needed to satisfy this control test are subject to uncertainty, but the FC Regs

--- Page 108 ---
Risk Factors 
 
102 
 
provide that any right of the collateral-provider to substitute financial collateral of the 
same or greater value or withdraw excess financial collateral shall not prevent the 
financial collateral being under the control of the collateral-taker.  
However, under the terms of the Securities, the Calculation Agent (which may be the 
same entity as the Collateral Provider) will be required to value any final redemption 
amount or early payment amount in respect of each of the Securities and upon the 
payment of such amount, the Security Interests (or, where fewer than all the Securities 
that benefit from such Security Interests are being redeemed, that part of the Collateral 
as relates to the redeeming Securities) would be released. As a result, were the 
Calculation Agent to incorrectly value such amount as being lower than that which it 
should be, subject to the Valuation Dispute Right (as described below), the Relevant 
Holders would only have an unsecured claim for any difference. However, within 10 
Business Days of payment of the early payment amount or final redemption amount to a 
Relevant Holder, the Security Trustee may, or shall, if so directed by any Relevant 
Holder to whom such a redemption payment is owed, dispute such valuation (the 
"Valuation Dispute Right") before the Collateral Provider may have the ability to 
withdraw from the Security Interests an amount of Collateral that relates to such 
redeeming Securities (such amount of Collateral, the "Relevant Collateral Portion"). If 
a Relevant Holder and the Security Trustee exercises the Valuation Dispute Right, then 
the Collateral Provider will not have the right to withdraw the Relevant Collateral Portion 
from the Security Interests until the Security Trustee has confirmed in writing to the 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) or the Collateral Custodian (UK), as applicable, that the 
redeeming Securities have been redeemed in full and there is no continuing dispute. The 
question therefore arises whether (i) the Calculation Agent's right to value such early 
payment amount or final redemption amount means that, in and of itself, there would not 
be sufficient control for the collateral-taker and (ii) if so, whether the Valuation Dispute 
Right alleviates such risk. The law on point (i) is unclear and there is a substantial risk 
(which may be alleviated by the Valuation Dispute Right, as described below), 
particularly where the determination of the Calculation Agent requires a subjective 
assessment, that a court could conclude that the Calculation Agent's right to value such 
early payment amount or final redemption amount means that, in and of itself, there 
would not be sufficient control for the collateral-taker. However, although there is an 
absence of case law on point (ii), given that the Valuation Dispute Right, if exercised by 
the Relevant Holder and the Security Trustee, would prevent the Collateral Provider from 
removing the Relevant Collateral Portion from the collateral arrangements by means of 
an incorrect valuation by the Collateral Provider, there are therefore good reasons why 
the Calculation Agent's right to value such early payment amount or final redemption 
amount would not prevent the Security Trustee from having sufficient "control" over the 
Collateral for the purposes of the FC Regs. 
Risk that the Security Interests (A) in respect of the Required Fixed Value Collateral 
may not be an SFCA 
The collateral arrangements with respect to the Required Fixed Value Collateral permit 
the Collateral Provider to withdraw Required Fixed Value Collateral from the secured 
accounts provided that the aggregate market value of the Required Fixed Value 
Collateral held in the secured accounts with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and the 
Collateral Custodian (UK) is always at least equal to the aggregate of the Fixed Amounts 
per Security (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms or each of the applicable Issue 
Terms, as the case may be) (such amount, the "Required Fixed Value") in respect of all 
outstanding Securities of the Relevant Series. The Collateral Provider is not required to 
determine any valuations with respect to such withdrawals and therefore there is no risk 
that, through an incorrect valuation by the Collateral Provider, the Collateral Provider 
could withdraw collateral that is not truly excess collateral.  
There are very strong arguments to suggest that the Security Interests (A) would be held 
to have been created, or otherwise arisen, under an SFCA. However, given uncertain 
case law, there is nevertheless a low risk that the Security Interests (A) would be held 
not to satisfy all the requirements of the FC Regs, in which case the disadvantages of a

--- Page 109 ---
Risk Factors 
 
103 
 
floating charge would still apply (if each of the Security Interests (A) were to take effect 
as a floating charge, rather than as a fixed charge, under English law).  
Risk that the Security Interests (B) in respect of the Required MTM Value Collateral 
may not be an SFCA 
The collateral arrangements with respect to the Required MTM Value Collateral permit 
the Collateral Provider to withdraw collateral from the secured accounts provided that 
the aggregate market value of the Required MTM Value Collateral held in the secured 
accounts with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and the Collateral Custodian (UK) is 
always at least equal to the excess of the market value of the Relevant Series (or the 
percentage of the market value of the Relevant Series specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) over the Required Fixed Value (the "Required MTM Value"). It is the Collateral 
Provider that will be required to determine the market value of the Relevant Series for 
these purposes and neither the Security Trustee nor the Relevant Holders will have a 
right to confirm or dispute such valuation. As a result, were the Collateral Provider to 
incorrectly value the market value of the Relevant Series as being lower than that which 
it should be, then that would result in the Collateral Provider being able to withdraw 
Required MTM Value Collateral that would incorrectly be considered to be excess 
collateral (without any right for the Security Trustee to veto such withdrawal). The 
question therefore arises whether the Collateral Provider's right to value the market value 
of the Relevant Series for these purposes (the "Collateral Provider's Securities 
Valuation Right") means that there is not sufficient control for the collateral-taker. The 
law on this point is unclear and there is a substantial risk, particularly where the 
determination of the Collateral Provider requires a subjective assessment, that a court 
could conclude that the Required MTM Value Collateral is not under the "control" of the 
Security Trustee for the purposes of the FC Regs and therefore each of the Security 
Interests (B) have not been created, or otherwise arisen, under an SFCA. 
Given uncertain case law, whether the Security Interests (B) would satisfy all the 
requirements of the FC Regs is unclear. As a result, in particular because of the Collateral 
Provider's Securities Valuation Right, there is a substantial risk that each of the Security 
Interests (B) would not be held to have been created, or otherwise arisen, under an SFCA, 
in which case the disadvantages of a floating charge would still apply (if each of the 
Security Interests (B) were to take effect as a floating charge, rather than as a fixed 
charge, under English law). 
(IV) 
Each Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as "Static 
and Margined Collateral" 
In respect of any Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as 
"Static and Margined Collateral" in the relevant Issue Terms, the Collateral Provider will 
grant:  
(a) 
in respect of the Static Collateral (as defined in the section headed "Overview of 
the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities") a first ranking 
pledge ("gage de premier rang") under Luxembourg law (the "Security Interest 
(Static Collateral)") over the collateral held with the Collateral Custodian (Lux); 
(b) 
in respect of the Required Fixed Value Collateral (as defined in the section headed 
"Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities") 
(i) a first ranking pledge ("gage de premier rang") under Luxembourg law (the 
"Luxembourg Law Pledge (A)") over any such collateral held with the 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) and (ii) a fixed charge under English law (the 
"English Law Charge (A)") over any such collateral held with the Collateral 
Custodian (UK) (the Luxembourg Law Pledge (A) and the English Law Charge 
(A) together, the "Security Interests (Margined Collateral) (A)"); and 
(c) 
in respect of the Required MTM Value Collateral (as defined in the section headed 
"Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities") 
(i) a first ranking pledge ("gage de premier rang") under Luxembourg law (the

--- Page 110 ---
Risk Factors 
 
104 
 
"Luxembourg Law Pledge (B)") over any such collateral held with the Collateral 
Custodian (Lux) and (ii) a fixed charge under English law (the "English Law 
Charge (B)") over any such collateral held with the Collateral Custodian (UK) 
(the Luxembourg Law Pledge (B) and the English Law Charge (B) together, the 
"Security Interests (Margined Collateral) (B)" and the Security Interests 
(Margined Collateral) (A) and the Security Interests (Margined Collateral) (B) 
together, the "Security Interests (Margined Collateral)"). 
The Security Interest (Static Collateral) and the Security Interests (Margined Collateral) 
(such security interests together, the "Security Interests") will be granted in favour of 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (and its successors from time to time) 
acting as the Security Trustee for the benefit of itself, any appointee thereof and the 
Holders of a Series of Securities. 
Risk that the Security Interest (Static Collateral) might be characterised as a floating 
charge and might not be an SFCA, in respect of any Series of Securities where the 
Securities are Bond Linked Securities 
Where the Securities are Bond Linked Securities, although there are good arguments that 
the Security Interest (Static Collateral) would take effect as a fixed charge under English 
law, in the absence of settled law on this point, there is nevertheless a risk that the 
Security Interest (Static Collateral) could take effect as a floating charge under English 
law, in which case there would be several disadvantages for the Holders (as to which, 
see below). Many of these disadvantages will not apply if the Security Interest (Static 
Collateral) is held to have been created, or otherwise arisen, under a "security financial 
collateral arrangement" (an "SFCA") pursuant to the Financial Collateral Arrangements 
(No. 2) Regulations, SI 2003/3226 (as amended) (the "FC Regs"), as described below. 
However, given uncertain case law, whether the Security Interest (Static Collateral) 
would satisfy all the requirements of the FC Regs is unclear. As a result, there is a 
material risk that the Security Interest (Static Collateral) would not be held to have been 
created, or otherwise arisen, under an SFCA, in which case the disadvantages of a 
floating charge would still apply (if the charge were to take effect as a floating charge, 
rather than a fixed charge, under English law).  
In order for the Security Interest (Static Collateral) to be construed as a fixed charge 
under English law there needs to be, amongst other things, restrictions on the ability of 
the Collateral Provider to carry on its business in the ordinary way with respect to the 
Static Collateral. There is, however, uncertainty as to the precise levels of restrictions 
required to create a fixed charge (and it is difficult to have certainty that a security interest 
is a fixed charge).  
The custody arrangements with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) includes a right for the 
Collateral Provider (the "Contingent Substitution Right"), following the occurrence of 
an early redemption event with respect to the Securities, during an Early Payment 
Valuation Period to instruct the Collateral Custodian (Lux) to substitute some or all of 
the Static Collateral with an amount of cash, as confirmed by The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch (acting as the Collateral Monitoring Agent), at least equal 
to the market value of the Static Collateral being substituted (and neither the Security 
Trustee nor the Holders are required to consent to the substitution), and with the 
Calculation Agent determining such market value. There is a risk that such a substitution 
right would result in the Security Interest (Static Collateral) constituting a floating charge 
under English law. This is because, prior to the Security Interest (Static Collateral) 
becoming enforceable, the Collateral Provider might be viewed as directing the use of 
the assets that are the subject of the security. In addition, the nature of a fixed charge is 
that it relates to specific assets whereas any substitution right could potentially be viewed 
as meaning that the Security Interest (Static Collateral) does not create a specific security 
over any particular asset given that the assets can, albeit in limited circumstances, 
change. English law is unclear whether a tightly constrained, limited right of substitution 
such as the Contingent Substitution Right (as compared with an ongoing general 
substitution right) would necessarily be inconsistent with a fixed charge. There are good

--- Page 111 ---
Risk Factors 
 
105 
 
arguments as to why such a limited right of substitution should be viewed differently 
than a more general right of substitution, but there is no settled case law on the point.  
In addition to the Contingent Substitution Right, the custody arrangements with the 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) also includes an obligation (the "Payment of Distributions 
Obligation") for the Collateral Custodian (Lux) to transfer any distributions on the Static 
Collateral by way of interest, dividends or other income (but not principal payments) to 
the Collateral Provider such that those distributions will not be held by the Collateral 
Custodian (Lux) under the Security Interest (Static Collateral). Under English law, for a 
security interest over an asset that generates payments to be a fixed charge, there must 
be sufficient control over the "proceeds" of such asset (for example, with such payment 
being credited to a blocked bank account and only released upon explicit consent of the 
secured party at the relevant time). Where the collateral is in the form of debt securities, 
the question arises whether payments of interest or other income (but not principal) 
would constitute "proceeds". There are strong arguments why interest or other income 
(not being principal) generated on debt securities should not be seen as the "proceeds" of 
such debt securities. The payment of such interest or other income does not destroy the 
debt securities as the right to receive the principal payment would remain outstanding. 
Similar reasoning would apply to dividends on equity securities. However, the law is not 
clear and were a court to hold that interest, dividends or other income did, in fact, 
constitute "proceeds" the automatic transfer of such distributions could then result in the 
Security Interest (Static Collateral) being a floating charge under English law.  
Accordingly, given the legal uncertainty in this area under English law, although there 
are good reasons why these features may not be inconsistent with a fixed charge, there 
is a risk that either or both of the Contingent Substitution Right and the Payment of 
Distributions Obligation, or some other factor, could result in the Security Interest (Static 
Collateral) taking effect as a floating charge on the basis that disposals of the Static 
Collateral to the Collateral Provider are not sufficiently restricted.  
Risk that the Security Interest (Static Collateral) might be characterised as a floating 
charge and might not be an SFCA, in respect of any Series of Securities where the 
Securities are not Bond Linked Securities 
Where the Securities are not Bond Linked Securities, although there are very good 
arguments that the Security Interest (Static Collateral) would take effect as a fixed charge 
under English law, in the absence of settled law on this point, there is nevertheless a low 
risk that the Security Interest (Static Collateral) could take effect as a floating charge 
under English law, in which case there would be several disadvantages for the Holders 
(as to which, see below). Many of these disadvantages will not apply if the Security 
Interest (Static Collateral) is held to have been created, or otherwise arisen, under a 
"security financial collateral arrangement" (an "SFCA") pursuant to the Financial 
Collateral Arrangements (No. 2) Regulations, SI 2003/3226 (as amended) (the "FC 
Regs"), as described below. However, given uncertain case law, whether the Security 
Interest (Static Collateral) would satisfy all the requirements of the FC Regs is unclear. 
As a result, there is a material risk that the Security Interest (Static Collateral) would not 
be held to have been created, or otherwise arisen, under an SFCA, in which case the 
disadvantages of a floating charge would still apply (if the charge were to take effect as 
a floating charge, rather than a fixed charge, under English law).  
In order for the Security Interest (Static Collateral) to be construed as a fixed charge 
under English law there needs to be, amongst other things, restrictions on the ability of 
the Collateral Provider to carry on its business in the ordinary way with respect to the 
Static Collateral. There is, however, uncertainty as to the precise levels of restrictions 
required to create a fixed charge.  
The custody arrangements with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) includes an obligation 
(the "Payment of Distributions Obligation") for the Collateral Custodian (Lux) to 
transfer any distributions on the Static Collateral by way of interest, dividends or other 
income (but not principal payments) to the Collateral Provider such that those 
distributions will not be held by the Collateral Custodian (Lux) under the Security

--- Page 112 ---
Risk Factors 
 
106 
 
Interest (Static Collateral). Under English law, for a security interest over an asset that 
generates payments to be a fixed charge, there must be sufficient control over the 
"proceeds" of such asset (for example, with such payment being credited to a blocked 
bank account and only released upon explicit consent of the secured party at the relevant 
time). Where the collateral is in the form of debt securities, the question arises whether 
payments of interest or other income (but not principal) would constitute "proceeds". 
There are strong arguments why interest or other income (not being principal) generated 
on debt securities should not be seen as the "proceeds" of such debt securities. The 
payment of such interest or other income does not destroy the debt securities as the right 
to receive the principal payment would remain outstanding. Similar reasoning would 
apply to dividends on equity securities. However, the law is not clear and were a court 
to hold that interest, dividends or other income did, in fact, constitute "proceeds" the 
automatic release of such distributions could then result in the Security Interest (Static 
Collateral) being a floating charge under English law.  
Accordingly, given the legal uncertainty in this area under English law, although there 
are very good reasons why these features may not be inconsistent with a fixed charge, 
there is a low risk that the Payment of Distributions Obligation could result in the 
Security Interest (Static Collateral) taking effect as a floating charge on the basis that 
disposals of the Collateral to the Collateral Provider are not sufficiently restricted.  
Risk that the Security Interests (Margined Collateral) might be characterised as a 
floating charge and might not be an SFCA 
There is a high risk that each of the Security Interests (Margined Collateral) could take 
effect as a floating charge (and not as a fixed charge) under English law, in which case 
there would be several disadvantages for the Holders (as to which, see below). However, 
many of these disadvantages will not apply if the Security Interests (Margined Collateral) 
are held to have been created, or otherwise arisen, under an SFCA pursuant to the FC 
Regs, as described below. With respect to the Security Interests (Margined Collateral), 
as described below, although it is possible that they may be held to have been created, or 
otherwise arisen, under an SFCA pursuant to the FC Regs, there is a substantial risk that 
they will not be so held.  
In order for each of the Security Interests (Margined Collateral) to be construed as a fixed 
charge under English law there needs to be, amongst other things, restrictions on the 
ability of the Collateral Provider to carry on its business in the ordinary way with respect 
to the collateral subject to each charge. There is, however, uncertainty as to the precise 
levels of restrictions required to create a fixed charge.  
The custody arrangements with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and the Collateral 
Custodian (UK) include a number of features that give the Collateral Provider certain 
dealing rights with respect to the Required Fixed Value Collateral and the Required 
MTM Value Collateral (each as defined in the section headed "Overview of the collateral 
arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities" and together, the "Margined 
Collateral"), including rights to require the withdrawal of excess Margined Collateral 
and general rights to substitute the relevant Margined Collateral with an amount of 
collateral at least equal to the market value of the Margined Collateral being substituted. 
Neither the Security Trustee nor the Holders are required to consent to any such 
withdrawal or substitution. 
There is a high risk that such a withdrawal and/or substitution right would result in each 
of the Security Interests (Margined Collateral) constituting a floating charge under 
English law on the basis that disposals of the Required Fixed Value Collateral and the 
Required MTM Value Collateral to the Collateral Provider are not sufficiently restricted.  
In order for the Security Interests to be an SFCA under the FC Regs, amongst other 
requirements, the Margined Collateral must be under the "control" of the Security 
Trustee (as the collateral taker) even though it is held by the Collateral Custodian (Lux) 
and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK) in the name of the Collateral Provider. The precise 
requirements needed to satisfy this control test are subject to uncertainty, but the FC Regs

--- Page 113 ---
Risk Factors 
 
107 
 
provide that any right of the collateral-provider to substitute financial collateral of the 
same or greater value or withdraw excess financial collateral shall not prevent the 
financial collateral being under the control of the collateral-taker.  
However, under the terms of the Securities, the Calculation Agent (which may be the 
same entity as the Collateral Provider) will be required to value any final redemption 
amount or early payment amount in respect of each of the Securities and upon the 
payment of such amount, the Security Interests (Margined Collateral) would be released. 
As a result, were the Calculation Agent to incorrectly value such amount as being lower 
than that which it should be, the Holders would only have an unsecured claim for any 
difference.  
In addition, the collateral arrangements with respect to the Required MTM Value 
Collateral permit the Collateral Provider to withdraw collateral from the secured 
accounts provided that the aggregate market value of the Required MTM Value 
Collateral held in the secured accounts with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and the 
Collateral Custodian (UK) is always at least equal to the excess of the market value of 
the Series of Securities (or the percentage of the market value of the Series of Securities 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms) over the Required Fixed Value (such excess, the 
"Required MTM Value"). It is the Collateral Provider that will be required to determine 
the market value of the Series of Securities for these purposes and neither the Security 
Trustee nor the Holders will have a right to confirm or dispute such valuation. As a result, 
were the Collateral Provider to incorrectly value the market value of the Series of 
Securities as being lower than that which it should be, then that would result in the 
Collateral Provider being able to withdraw Required MTM Value Collateral that would 
incorrectly be considered to be excess collateral (without any right for the Security 
Trustee to veto such withdrawal). The collateral arrangements with respect to the 
Required Fixed Value Collateral, however, permit the Collateral Provider to withdraw 
Required Fixed Value Collateral from the secured accounts provided that the aggregate 
market value of the Required Fixed Value Collateral held in the secured accounts with 
the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and the Collateral Custodian (UK) is always at least equal 
to the aggregate of the Fixed Amounts per Security (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms or each of the applicable Issue Terms, as the case may be) (such amount, the 
"Required Fixed Value") in respect of all outstanding Securities of the Series of 
Securities. The Collateral Provider is not required to determine any valuations with 
respect to such withdrawals and therefore there is no risk that, through an incorrect 
valuation by the Collateral Provider, the Collateral Provider could withdraw collateral 
that is not truly excess collateral. 
The question therefore arises whether the Calculation Agent's right to value such early 
payment amount or final redemption amount (the "CA's Securities Valuation Right") 
and/or the Collateral Provider's right to value the market value of the Series of Securities 
for these purposes (the "Collateral Provider's Securities Valuation Right") means that 
there is not sufficient control for the collateral-taker.  
The law on this point is unclear and there is a substantial risk, particularly (i) where the 
determination of the Calculation Agent or the Collateral Provider, as the case may be, 
requires a subjective assessment and (ii) with respect to the Required MTM Value 
Collateral that is subject to the Security Interests (Margined Collateral) (B), that a court 
could conclude that the Required Fixed Value Collateral and/or Required MTM Value 
Collateral is not under the "control" of the Security Trustee for the purposes of the FC 
Regs and therefore the Security Interests (Margined Collateral) (A) and/or the Security 
Interests (Margined Collateral) (B) have not been created, or otherwise arisen, under an 
SFCA. 
Given uncertain case law, whether the Security Interests (Margined Collateral) would 
satisfy all the requirements of the FC Regs is unclear. As a result, there is a substantial 
risk that each of the Security Interests (Margined Collateral) would not be held to have 
been created, or otherwise arisen, under an SFCA, in which case the disadvantages of a 
floating charge would still apply (if each of the Security Interests (Margined Collateral) 
were to take effect as a floating charge, rather than as a fixed charge, under English law).

--- Page 114 ---
Risk Factors 
 
108 
 
Disadvantages for the Holders if the Security Interests were held to take effect as a 
floating charge (and not as a fixed charge) 
If the Security Interests were each held to take effect as a floating charge (and not as a 
fixed charge), there would be several disadvantages for the Holders, including the 
following: 
(a) 
the claims of the beneficiaries, including the Holders, of such Security Interests, 
would, on a distribution in a UK winding-up or administration of the Collateral 
Provider, be subject to the claims which are given priority over a floating charge 
by law, including (i) prior charges, (ii) subsequent fixed charges (although, 
pursuant to the terms of the Security Interests, the Collateral Provider has agreed 
not to create or permit to subsist any security interest over the collateral, other 
than the Security Interests themselves and any security interest arising pursuant 
to the standard operating terms of a custodian or clearing agency or settlement 
system or depositary (if not waived by such person)), (iii) the expenses of any 
administration or winding-up, (iv) the claims of preferential creditors, primarily 
certain amounts due to employees, HMRC for certain taxes (including VAT, 
PAYE income tax and employee National Insurance contributions) and certain 
unpaid pension contributions, and (v) the claims of unsecured creditors in respect 
of a proportion of floating charge realisations set aside for such purpose, such 
realisations being subject to a maximum of £800,000 (for floating charges created 
on or after 6 April 2020). It is therefore possible that if the Security Interests were 
each held to take effect as a floating charge (and not as a fixed charge) that some 
or all of the collateral subject to the Security Interests would not be available to 
meet claims of the beneficiaries, including the Holders, in particular if the 
expenses of any administration or winding-up of the Collateral Provider were 
substantial and if the Security Interests were held not to have been created, or 
otherwise arisen, under an SFCA (as to which, see below);  
(b) 
there is a risk that, in an administration proceeding in England, the administrator 
in respect of the Collateral Provider may dispose of, or take action with respect 
to, the collateral subject to the Security Interests without the consent of the 
Collateral Provider or the court and without any need to make up to the Holders 
any shortfall in the market value of the collateral on a sale (although the Holders 
will retain the same priority in respect of the proceeds of any sale); and 
(c) 
a floating charge is subject to wider powers of avoidance (under section 245 of 
the Insolvency Act 1986) than a fixed charge would be. Under section 245 of the 
Insolvency Act 1986, a floating charge created by a company will be invalid if 
created in a period of twelve months (or two years in the case of a floating charge 
in favour of a "connected person") ending with the onset of insolvency except to 
the extent of the value received by the company for the creation of the charge in 
money paid, or goods and services supplied to the company at the same time as 
or after the creation of the charge (and the amount of interest (if any) payable 
thereon). In addition, provided the floating charge was not granted to a "connected 
person" it would also be necessary for a floating charge to be invalidated that at 
the time the floating charge was created the relevant company was unable to pay 
its debts within the meaning of section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986 or became 
unable to do so as a consequence of the transaction under which the floating 
charge was created. In addition to the above scenario, a floating charge would 
also be invalid if granted between the time when applications or filings have been 
made to put the company into administration and the coming into effect of that 
administration, but again except to the extent of the value received by the 
company for the creation of the charge in money paid, or goods and services 
supplied to the company at the same time as or after the creation of the charge 
(and the amount of interest (if any) payable thereon). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if each of the Security Interests are held to have been 
created, or otherwise arisen, under an SFCA pursuant to the FC Regs, then even if each 
Security Interest is characterised as a floating charge, to the benefit of the Holders, the

--- Page 115 ---
Risk Factors 
 
109 
 
priority of the claims listed in (a)(iii) – (v) above and the wider powers of avoidance 
listed in (c) above will not apply. In addition, if each Security Interest takes effect under 
English law as an SFCA then, amongst other things, to the benefit of the Holders, the 
statutory freeze on enforcement of security that arises in connection with administration 
proceedings in England will not apply. 
(B) 
Risk of statutory freeze on enforcement of security if the Collateral Provider is in 
administration 
Under section 8 of the Insolvency Act 1986 (as amended), a company may enter into 
administration in England in certain circumstances, the effect of which would be that, during 
the period for which the company is in administration, the affairs, business and property of the 
company will be managed by an administrator, with such administrator being appointed for that 
purpose by the court, the holder of a qualifying floating charge or the company or directors of 
the company, as the case may be. Whilst a company is in administration, no steps may be taken 
to enforce any security over any of the property of the relevant company (save for any security 
interest created or otherwise arisen, under a "security financial collateral arrangement" (an 
"SFCA") pursuant to the Financial Collateral Arrangements (No. 2) Regulations, SI 2003/3226 
(as amended) (the "FC Regs")), except with the consent of the administrator or the permission 
of the court. In addition, an interim moratorium will apply in respect of such property in certain 
circumstances. Therefore, if the Collateral Provider enters into administration in England, if the 
Security Interests are held to have not been created, or otherwise arisen, under an SFCA pursuant 
to the FC Regs, the Security Interests may be adversely affected by the statutory freeze on 
enforcement of security that arises in connection with administration proceedings in England.  
(C) 
Risk that the Security Interests are not registered at Companies House (the UK registrar 
of companies) 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc or such other entity named as Collateral Provider in the applicable 
Constituting Instrument (as defined below) in respect of the Relevant Series of Securities (as 
defined below) (the "Collateral Provider") (which shall be specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) will provide collateral (the "Collateral") in respect of all Series of Securities issued 
under the Programme. The Collateral will be held in one or more accounts with the Collateral 
Custodian (Lux) and/or with the Collateral Custodian (UK). The Collateral Provider will grant 
one or more Luxembourg law security interests (the "Luxembourg Law Pledges") over any 
Collateral held with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and one or more English law security 
interests (the "English Law Charges") over any Collateral held with the Collateral Custodian 
(UK) (each of the Luxembourg Law Pledges and the English Law Charges, the "Security 
Interests"), depending on the accounts in which the Collateral for a particular Series of 
Securities is to be held. The Security Interests will be granted in favour of BNY Mellon 
Corporate Trustee Services Limited (and its successors from time to time) (the "Security 
Trustee") for the benefit of itself, any appointee thereof and the Holders of the Series of 
Securities or the Linked Holders of the Linked Series of Securities, as the case may be. 
Where J.P. Morgan Securities plc is the Collateral Provider (or another entity incorporated in 
the UK), the Security Interests, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Luxembourg Law 
Pledges, are charges created by a UK-registered company and are therefore, subject to certain 
exceptions, including if the Security Interests are held to have been created, or otherwise arisen, 
under an SFCA pursuant to the FC Regs, registrable at Companies House pursuant to the 
registration of charges regime under English law set out in Part 25 of the Companies Act 2006 
(as amended).  
The Collateral Provider is obliged, and intends, to deliver to Companies House the relevant 
specified particulars within the prescribed period following the creation of the Security Interests 
so that Companies House will register the Security Interests. However, if the Collateral 
Provider, for whatever reason, does not deliver to Companies House the relevant specified 
particulars before the end of the relevant prescribed period, the following adverse consequences 
would arise for the Relevant Holders (unless the Security Interests are held to have been created, 
or otherwise arisen, under an SFCA pursuant to the FC Regs): (i) the Security Interests would 
be void against a liquidator, administrator or creditor of the Collateral Provider; and (ii) the 
Issuer's payment obligations under the Securities would become immediately payable.

--- Page 116 ---
Risk Factors 
 
110 
 
It is therefore possible that, if the Collateral Provider does not deliver to Companies House the 
relevant specified particulars within the prescribed period following the creation of the Security 
Interests, the Securities would be repayable early and the Relevant Holders would not have the 
benefit of any security over Collateral held with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the 
Collateral Custodian (UK). 
(D) 
Risks relating to the special resolution regime under the Banking Act 2009 
The Banking Act 2009, amongst other things, establishes a special resolution regime that applies 
to UK-incorporated banks, including J.P. Morgan Securities plc, that provides the relevant 
resolution authorities with extensive powers to deal with a failing financial institution, 
including, amongst others, the right for the Bank of England to temporarily suspend the rights 
of a secured creditor to enforce any security interest in relation to assets of the bank. If the 
Collateral Provider in respect of the Security Interests is J.P. Morgan Securities plc and the 
relevant resolution authority exercises, or has exercised, any such powers with respect to the 
Collateral Provider at the time when the Security Trustee is directed, or otherwise wishes, to 
enforce the Security Interests over the Collateral held in one or more accounts with the Collateral 
Custodian (Lux) and/or with the Collateral Custodian (UK) to meet claims of the Holders 
against the Issuer, then the Security Interests may be adversely affected by the exercise of such 
powers. 
10.2 
Risks relating to the collateral arrangements in respect of any Series of Securities where 
the Collateral Provider is J.P. Morgan SE (or another entity incorporated in Germany) 
(A) 
Risks that the applicable Security Interests might be characterised as a security interest 
over changing Collateral and might not be an SFCA 
The risks that the applicable Security Interests might be characterised as a security interest over 
changing Collateral and might not be a "security financial collateral arrangement" (an "SFCA") 
within the meaning of Directive 2002/47/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
6 June 2002 on financial collateral arrangements as implemented into Luxembourg and German 
law ("Financial Collateral Directive") are described in the respective sub-sections below in 
respect of the relevant Type of Collateralisation and (where applicable) whether or not the 
Securities are Bond Linked Securities. 
The Types of Collateralisation and collateral arrangements more broadly are described in the 
section headed "Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities" 
below. 
(I) 
Each Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as "Static 
Collateral" and the Securities are Bond Linked Securities 
In respect of each Series of Securities that are Bond Linked Securities where the Type of 
Collateralisation is specified as "Static Collateral" in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Collateral Provider will grant a first ranking pledge ("gage de premier rang") under 
Luxembourg law (the "Luxembourg Law Pledge") over the collateral held with the 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) (the "Collateral"). The Luxembourg Law Pledge will be 
granted in favour of BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (and its successors 
from time to time) acting as the Security Trustee for the benefit of itself, any appointee 
thereof and the Holders of such Series of Securities.  
The custody arrangements with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) include a right for the 
Collateral Provider (the "Contingent Substitution Right"), following the occurrence of 
an early redemption event with respect to the Securities, during an Early Payment 
Valuation Period to instruct the Collateral Custodian (Lux) to substitute some or all of 
the Static Collateral with an amount of cash, as confirmed by The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch (acting as the Collateral Monitoring Agent), at least equal 
to the market value of the Static Collateral being substituted (and neither the Security 
Trustee nor the Holders are required to consent to the substitution), and with the 
Calculation Agent determining such market value.

--- Page 117 ---
Risk Factors 
 
111 
 
If the Collateral over which security is granted under the Luxembourg Law Pledge is 
exchanged for other collateral during the term of the Luxembourg Law Pledge by way 
of the Contingent Substitution Right, this has an impact on possible clawback rights of a 
German insolvency administrator. Under German insolvency law, an insolvency 
administrator can in certain circumstances contest various actions (including the granting 
of collateral) that are detrimental to the other creditors of a company and claw back the 
respective assets or funds which are the subject of the collateral. These rights of the 
insolvency administrator are subject to different clawback periods depending on the 
specific reason for contestation (e.g. general contestation, related party transactions, 
gratuitous actions and wilfully detrimental actions). The clawback periods are three 
months and up to 10 years prior to the filing for insolvency. Generally, a contestation of 
detrimental actions within 10 years is subject to much stricter rules than a contestation 
of actions during the last three months prior to insolvency filing. 
The German Federal High Court (BGH) has ruled that for clawback purposes in the case 
of security interests over collateral that is subject to change, not only the point in time of 
the original conclusion of the agreement is relevant, but also the point in time where the 
security interest attaches to a specific collateral item is relevant. This means that for the 
determination of whether a clawback period is still pending or has already expired, the 
point in time will be relevant where certain collateral has become subject to the 
Luxembourg Law Pledge for the first time, as this was the point in time when the 
individual pledge was created. As a consequence, if substitution of Collateral occurs 
under the Contingent Substitution Right, the point in time of such substitution would 
trigger new clawback rights in a German insolvency regarding the security interests 
created over the new Collateral, even if the collateral agreement has been entered into 
outside the relevant clawback period. 
However, if the Luxembourg Law Pledge is held to qualify as an SFCA within the 
meaning of the Financial Collateral Directive, amongst other things, to the benefit of the 
Holders in a German insolvency, the following apply: 
• 
the enforcement of the Luxembourg Law Pledge is privileged under Luxembourg 
law; 
• 
under German insolvency law, the Luxembourg Law Pledge is partly exempted 
from clawback rights including in cases where it has attached to new assets during 
the applicable clawback periods; 
• 
set-offs and settlements are not prohibited under German insolvency law; and 
• 
under German insolvency law, subject to the occurrence of the due date for 
enforcement, the realisation of the Luxembourg Law Pledge is not suspended by 
the application for insolvency proceedings and during preliminary insolvency 
proceedings.  
(II) 
Each Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as "Static 
Collateral" and the Securities are not Bond Linked Securities 
In respect of any Series of Securities that are not Bond Linked Securities where the Type 
of Collateralisation is specified as "Static Collateral" in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Collateral Provider will grant a first ranking pledge ("gage de premier rang") under 
Luxembourg law (the "Luxembourg Law Pledge") over the collateral held with the 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) (the "Collateral"). The Luxembourg Law Pledge will be 
granted in favour of BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (and its successors 
from time to time) acting as the Security Trustee for the benefit of itself, any appointee 
thereof and the Holders of such Series of Securities.  
Any granting of security interests is under certain circumstances subject to contestation 
rights by an insolvency administrator in an insolvency of a German obligor as an action 
that is regarded to be detrimental to the other creditors of a company and subject to a 
claw back of the respective assets or funds which are the subject of the collateral. The

--- Page 118 ---
Risk Factors 
 
112 
 
contestation rights are subject to different clawback periods depending on the specific 
reason for contestation (e.g. general contestation, related party transactions, gratuitous 
actions and wilfully detrimental actions). The clawback periods are three months and up 
to 10 years prior to the filing for insolvency depending on the reason for contestation. 
If the Static Collateral is in fact not replaced or changed from the date upon which the 
pledge over such Static Collateral has been granted, the above-described clawback 
periods will commence upon the date upon which the pledge over such Static Collateral 
was granted and end upon their relevant expiration dates without restarting or renewing.  
In addition, if the Luxembourg Law Pledge is held to qualify as an SFCA within the 
meaning of the Financial Collateral Directive, amongst other things, to the benefit of the 
Holders in a German insolvency, the following apply: 
• 
the enforcement of the Luxembourg Law Pledge is privileged under Luxembourg 
law; 
• 
under German insolvency law, the Luxembourg Law Pledge is partly exempted 
from clawback rights including in cases where it has attached to new assets during 
the applicable clawback periods; 
• 
set-offs and settlements are not prohibited under German insolvency law; and 
• 
under German insolvency law, subject to the occurrence of the due date for 
enforcement, the realisation of the Luxembourg Law Pledge is not suspended by 
the application for insolvency proceedings and during preliminary insolvency 
proceedings. 
(III) Each Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as 
"Margined Collateral" 
In respect of any Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as 
"Margined Collateral" in the relevant Issue Terms, the Collateral Provider will grant:  
• 
in respect of the Required Fixed Value Collateral (as defined in the section headed 
"Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities") 
(i) a first ranking pledge ("gage de premier rang") under Luxembourg law (the 
"Luxembourg Law Pledge (A)") over any such collateral held with the 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) and (ii) a fixed charge under English law (the 
"English Law Charge (A)") over any such collateral held with the Collateral 
Custodian (UK) (the Luxembourg Law Pledge (A) and the English Law Charge 
(A) together, the "Security Interests (A)"); and 
• 
 
in respect of the Required MTM Value Collateral (as defined in the section 
headed "Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of 
Securities") (i) a first ranking pledge ("gage de premier rang") under 
Luxembourg law (the "Luxembourg Law Pledge (B)") over any such collateral 
held with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and (ii) a fixed charge under English law 
(the "English Law Charge (B)") over any such collateral held with the Collateral 
Custodian (UK) (the Luxembourg Law Pledge (B) and the English Law Charge 
(B) together, the "Security Interests (B)" and the Security Interests (A) and the 
Security Interests (B) together, the "Security Interests"). 
The Security Interests will be granted in favour of BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee 
Services Limited (and its successors from time to time) acting as the Security Trustee for 
the benefit of itself, any appointee thereof and the Holders of a Series of Securities 
(where the Type of Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being 
Single Series Collateral Pool) or the Linked Holders of the Linked Series of Securities 
(where the Type of Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being 
Multiple Series Collateral Pool) (the Holders or the Linked Holders, as applicable, the

--- Page 119 ---
Risk Factors 
 
113 
 
"Relevant Holders" and the Series of Securities or the Linked Series of Securities, as 
applicable, the "Relevant Series"). 
The Collateral Provider will be required where necessary to transfer additional Eligible 
Collateral to the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and /or the Collateral Custodian (UK) to 
ensure that on each Business Day, the aggregate market value of Eligible Collateral held 
in the Required MTM Value Collateral Accounts is at least equal to the Required MTM 
Value ("Collateral Addition"). The Collateral Provider will be permitted to remove or 
substitute Eligible Collateral, provided that any such removal or substitution does not 
result in the aggregate value of Eligible Collateral held in the Required MTM Value 
Collateral Accounts being less than the Required MTM Value ("Collateral 
Substitution"). 
If the Collateral over which security is granted under the Luxembourg Law Pledge is 
exchanged for other collateral during the term of the Luxembourg Law Pledge by way 
of Collateral Addition or Collateral Substitution, this has an impact on possible clawback 
rights of a German insolvency administrator. Under German insolvency law, an 
insolvency administrator can in certain circumstances contest various actions (including 
the granting of collateral) that are detrimental to the other creditors of a company and 
claw back the respective assets or funds which are the subject of the collateral. These 
rights of the insolvency administrator are subject to different clawback periods 
depending on the specific reason for contestation (e.g. general contestation, related party 
transactions, gratuitous actions and wilfully detrimental actions). The clawback periods 
are three months and up to 10 years prior to the filing for insolvency. Generally, a 
contestation of detrimental actions within 10 years is subject to much stricter rules than 
a contestation of actions during the last three months prior to insolvency filing. 
The German Federal High Court (BGH) has ruled that for clawback purposes in the case 
of security interests over collateral that is subject to change, not only the point in time of 
the original conclusion of the agreement is relevant, but also the point in time where the 
security interest attaches to a specific collateral item is relevant. This means that for the 
determination of whether a clawback period is still pending or has already expired, the 
point in time will be relevant where certain collateral has become subject to the 
Luxembourg Law Pledge for the first time, as this was the point in time when the 
individual pledge was created. As a consequence, if an exchange of Collateral occurs due 
to Collateral Addition or Collateral Substitution, the point in time of such exchange 
would trigger new clawback rights in a German insolvency regarding the security 
interests created over the new Collateral, even if the collateral agreement has been 
entered into outside the relevant clawback period. 
In addition, if the Luxembourg Law Pledge is held to qualify as an SFCA within the 
meaning of the Financial Collateral Directive, amongst other things, to the benefit of the 
Holders in a German insolvency, the following apply: 
• 
the enforcement of the Luxembourg Law Pledge is privileged under Luxembourg 
law; 
• 
under German insolvency law, the Luxembourg Law Pledge is partly exempted 
from clawback rights including in cases where it has attached to new assets during 
the applicable clawback periods; 
• 
set-offs and settlements are not prohibited under German insolvency law; and 
• 
under German insolvency law, subject to the occurrence of the due date for 
enforcement, the realisation of the Luxembourg Law Pledge is not suspended by 
the application for insolvency proceedings and during preliminary insolvency 
proceedings. 
(IV) 
Each Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as "Static 
and Margined Collateral"

--- Page 120 ---
Risk Factors 
 
114 
 
In respect of any Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation is specified as 
"Static and Margined Collateral" in the relevant Issue Terms, the Collateral Provider will 
grant:  
(a) 
in respect of the Static Collateral (as defined in the section headed "Overview of 
the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities") a first ranking 
pledge ("gage de premier rang") under Luxembourg law (the "Security Interest 
(Static Collateral)") over the collateral held with the Collateral Custodian (Lux); 
(b) 
in respect of the Required Fixed Value Collateral (as defined in the section headed 
"Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities") 
(i) a first ranking pledge ("gage de premier rang") under Luxembourg law (the 
"Luxembourg Law Pledge (A)") over any such collateral held with the 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) and (ii) a fixed charge under English law (the 
"English Law Charge (A)") over any such collateral held with the Collateral 
Custodian (UK) (the Luxembourg Law Pledge (A) and the English Law Charge 
(A) together, the "Security Interests (Margined Collateral) (A)"); and 
(c) 
in respect of the Required MTM Value Collateral (as defined in the section headed 
"Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities") 
(i) a first ranking pledge ("gage de premier rang") under Luxembourg law (the 
"Luxembourg Law Pledge (B)") over any such collateral held with the Collateral 
Custodian (Lux) and (ii) a fixed charge under English law (the "English Law 
Charge (B)") over any such collateral held with the Collateral Custodian (UK) 
(the Luxembourg Law Pledge (B) and the English Law Charge (B) together, the 
"Security Interests (Margined Collateral) (B)" and the Security Interests 
(Margined Collateral) (A) and the Security Interests (Margined Collateral) (B) 
together, the "Security Interests (Margined Collateral)"). 
The Security Interest (Static Collateral) and the Security Interests (Margined Collateral) 
(such security interests together, the "Security Interests") will be granted in favour of 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (and its successors from time to time) 
acting as the Security Trustee for the benefit of itself, any appointee thereof and the 
Holders of a Series of Securities. 
With respect to Security Interests Margined Collateral, the Collateral Provider will be 
required where necessary to transfer additional Eligible Collateral to the Collateral 
Custodian (Lux) and /or the Collateral Custodian (UK) to ensure that on each Business 
Day, the aggregate market value of Eligible Collateral held in the Required MTM Value 
Collateral Accounts is at least equal to the Required MTM Value ("Collateral 
Addition"). The Collateral Provider will be permitted to remove or substitute Eligible 
Collateral, provided that any such removal or substitution does not result in the aggregate 
value of Eligible Collateral held in the Required MTM Value Collateral Accounts being 
less than the Required MTM Value ("Collateral Substitution") . 
If the Collateral over which security is granted under the Luxembourg Law Pledge is 
exchanged for other collateral during the term of the Luxembourg Law Pledge by way 
of Collateral Addition or Collateral Substitution, this has an impact on possible clawback 
rights of a German insolvency administrator. Under German insolvency law, an 
insolvency administrator can in certain circumstances contest various actions (including 
the granting of collateral) that are detrimental to the other creditors of a company and 
claw back the respective assets or funds which are the subject of the collateral. These 
rights of the insolvency administrator are subject to different clawback periods 
depending on the specific reason for contestation (e.g. general contestation, related party 
transactions, gratuitous actions and wilfully detrimental actions). The clawback periods 
are three months and up to 10 years prior to the filing for insolvency. Generally, a 
contestation of detrimental actions within 10 years is subject to much stricter rules than 
a contestation of actions during the last three months prior to insolvency filing. 
The German Federal High Court (BGH) has ruled that for clawback purposes in the case 
of security interests over collateral that is subject to change, not only the point in time of

--- Page 121 ---
Risk Factors 
 
115 
 
the original conclusion of the agreement is relevant, but also the point in time where the 
security interest attaches to a specific collateral item is relevant. This means that for the 
determination of whether a clawback period is still pending or has already expired, the 
point in time will be relevant where certain collateral has become subject to the 
Luxembourg Law Pledge for the first time, as this was the point in time when the 
individual pledge was created. As a consequence, if an exchange of Collateral occurs due 
to Collateral Addition or Collateral Substitution, the point in time of such exchange 
would trigger new clawback rights in a German insolvency regarding the security 
interests created over the new Collateral, even if the collateral agreement has been 
entered into outside the relevant clawback period. 
If the Security Interest (Static Collateral) is in fact not replaced or changed from the date 
upon which the pledge over such Security Interest (Static Collateral) has been granted, 
the above-described clawback periods will commence upon the date upon which the 
pledge over such Security Interest (Static Collateral) was granted and end upon their 
relevant expiration dates without restarting or renewing. 
However, if the Luxembourg Law Pledge is held to qualify as an SFCA within the 
meaning of the Financial Collateral Directive, amongst other things, to the benefit of the 
Holders in a German insolvency, the following apply: 
• 
the enforcement of the Luxembourg Law Pledge is privileged under Luxembourg 
law; 
• 
under German insolvency law, the Luxembourg Law Pledge is partly exempted 
from clawback rights including in cases where it has attached to new assets during 
the applicable clawback periods; 
• 
set-offs and settlements are not prohibited under German insolvency law; and 
• 
under German insolvency law, subject to the occurrence of the due date for 
enforcement, the realisation of the Luxembourg Law Pledge is not suspended by 
the application for insolvency proceedings and during preliminary insolvency 
proceedings. 
(B) 
Risks relating to the special resolution regime under the BRRD in relation to J.P. Morgan 
SE 
On 15 May 2014, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted 
Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (commonly referred to as the "Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive" or the "BRRD") which was transposed into German law by the Recovery 
and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz, or the "SAG") with effect from 1 
January 2015. For banks established in the eurozone, such as J.P. Morgan SE as Collateral 
Provider, which are supervised within the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism (the 
"SSM"), Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the 
"SRM Regulation") provides for a coherent application of the resolution rules across the SSM 
under the responsibility of the European Single Resolution Board, with effect since 1 January 
2016 (referred to as the "Single Resolution Mechanism" or the "SRM").  
Under the SRM, the Single Resolution Board is responsible for adopting resolution decisions in 
close cooperation with the European Central Bank, the European Commission and national 
resolution authorities. A decision will be adopted if a significant bank directly supervised by the 
European Central Bank, such as J.P. Morgan SE as Collateral Provider, is failing or likely to 
fail and certain other conditions are met. National resolution authorities in the European Union 
member states concerned would implement such resolution decisions adopted by the Single 
Resolution Board in accordance with the powers conferred on them under national law 
transposing the BRRD. 
In such case, certain resolution tools may be applied against J.P. Morgan SE as Collateral 
Provider, including (i) transfer tools and/or (ii) the bail-in tool.

--- Page 122 ---
Risk Factors 
 
116 
 
Essentially, the aforementioned transfer tools enable the competent resolution authority to 
transfer any assets, rights or liabilities of the German Collateral Provider to a third party. The 
authority may generally also decide to effect a transfer free from any liability or encumbrance 
affecting the rights, assets or liabilities transferred. 
The BRRD provides, however, for certain safeguards for creditors, including, amongst others, 
that no creditor shall incur greater losses because of the resolution of a German Collateral 
Provider than they would have incurred if such Collateral Provider had been wound up under 
normal insolvency proceedings before the resolution was taken. 
Furthermore, creditors of SFCA shall not be impacted by measures of the competent authorities. 
Consequently, pursuant to this safeguard, assuming that the Security Interests qualify as SFCA, 
the rights of the Holders should not be impacted by a resolution. 
The bail-in tool is a tool that enables the competent resolution authority to write down and 
convert (into equity) liabilities of the German Collateral Provider. The application of the bail-
in tool would imply that the liabilities of the German Collateral Provider would be written down. 
Notably, however, secured liabilities are excluded from the application of the bail-in tool (to the 
extent secured). 
In addition to these resolution tools, the competent resolution authority has the power to, pre-
resolution and in case of resolution proceedings, temporarily restrict secured creditors of the 
German Collateral Provider from enforcing security interests in relation to any assets of that 
German Collateral Provider. This may temporarily affect the exercise by the Holders of their 
rights under the Security Interests. 
(C) 
Risks relating to insolvency in relation to J.P. Morgan SE 
German insolvency proceedings over the assets of a German Collateral Provider that is failing 
or likely to fail will be opened (i) if such Collateral Provider is illiquid or overindebted without 
a positive prognosis to continue its business in a solvent manner and (ii) if the Single Resolution 
Board under the SRM comes to the conclusion that resolution measures are not required in the 
public interest (the so-called "Public Interest Test"). 
In such case, there is a risk that an insolvency administrator will try to stop the enforcement of 
the Security Interests or claim clawback rights regarding the Security Interests. As the privileges 
for SFCA in insolvency have as far as visible not been tested in German courts so far, an 
insolvency administrator might claim that the Security Interests do not qualify as SFCA in order 
to execute clawback rights and generate some additional assets for the insolvency estate. While 
this should finally not be successful assuming the Security Interests qualify as SFCA, there is a 
risk of delay in enforcement and of costs due to court proceedings or the requirement to enter 
into some kind of a commercial settlement with the insolvency administrator to prevent them 
from further hindering the enforcement of the Security Interests. 
10.3 
Risks relating to the collateral arrangements in respect of every Series of Securities 
(regardless of the place of incorporation of the Collateral Provider) 
(A) 
Risk that the Security Trustee fails to enforce the Security Interests or apply the proceeds 
of enforcement 
In respect of Securities that are issued by JPMSP, if an Event of Default has occurred by reason 
of a failure to pay by the Issuer in respect of any Securities of (i) any Instalment Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount, Early Payment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, 
Redemption Amount or Settlement Amount, as applicable, in respect of the Securities when the 
same is due and payable or deliver any Reference Asset Amount and/or pay any Residual Cash 
Amount in respect of any Securities when the same is deliverable or make payment or delivery 
of any other amount in respect of any Securities when the same is due and payable or deliverable, 
as the case may be, and such failure continues for 30 days or (ii) interest on any of the Notes or 
a coupon amount on any of the Certificates when the same is due and payable, and such failure 
continues for 30 days, no claims may be brought or further action may be taken against the 
Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of any amounts that may remain due and payable by the Issuer

--- Page 123 ---
Risk Factors 
 
117 
 
to the Holders in respect of the relevant Series of Securities or the relevant Linked Series of 
Securities (as applicable) until the Security Trustee (or any appointed receiver, in respect of an 
English Law Charge only) has enforced the Security Interests in respect of the relevant Series 
of Securities or, if applicable, the relevant Linked Series of Securities and the proceeds thereof 
have been applied in full. Consequently, if the Security Trustee (or any appointed receiver, in 
respect of an English Law Charge only) fails to enforce the relevant Security Interests or if the 
Security Trustee fails to apply the proceeds of enforcement for any reason, the Holder(s) shall 
be unable to recover the relevant amounts due to them from the Issuer or the Guarantor until 
such time as the Security Interests are enforced and the proceeds thereof are applied in full 
(although the Holders of the relevant Series of Securities or the Linked Holders of the relevant 
Linked Series of Securities, as applicable, will have the right, exercisable by Relevant Holders' 
Resolution, to remove the Security Trustee provided that such removal will not become effective 
until a trust corporation is appointed as successor Security Trustee). 
(B) 
Risks relating to the Security Trustee indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding 
In certain circumstances, the Holders of a Series of Securities or the Linked Holders of the 
Linked Series of Securities, as applicable, may be dependent on the Security Trustee to take 
certain actions in respect of the Security Interests, in particular if the Security Interests in respect 
of the Series of Securities or Linked Series of Securities, as applicable, becomes enforceable. 
The Security Trustee will not be bound to take any steps, institute any proceedings, take any 
other action, or exercise any right, power, authority or discretion vested in it, in respect of or in 
connection with the Security Interests, including enforcing the Security Interests, unless and 
until directed to do so by an Extraordinary Resolution or a Linked Holders' Resolution, as 
applicable, and provided that it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction. If the Security Trustee has been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or a 
Linked Holders' Resolution, as applicable, but it is not satisfied with its indemnity and/or 
security and/or pre-funding, it may decide not to take any step or action, without being in breach 
of its obligations under the relevant security arrangements. Consequently the Holders or the 
Linked Holders, as applicable, may have to either arrange for such indemnity and/or security 
and/or pre-funding or accept the consequences of such inaction by the Security Trustee. With 
respect to enforcement of the Security Interests, this may result in a delay in any step or action 
being taken by the Security Trustee and, if the Holders or the Linked Holders, as applicable, 
cannot put adequate arrangements in place, the Security Trustee will not be bound to take any 
step or other action to enforce the Security Interests in respect of the Collateral to meet claims 
of the Holders or the Linked Holders, as applicable, against the Issuer. 
(C) 
Risks relating to the Custodian 
The Collateral in respect of any Series of Securities or Linked Series of Securities, if applicable, 
will be held in one or more accounts with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or with the 
Collateral Custodian (UK). The Security Trustee's ability to enforce the Security Interests in 
respect of the Collateral will be dependent upon the performance by the Collateral Custodian 
(Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK) of its obligations under the relevant collateral 
arrangements. Consequently, the Holders or the Linked Holders, as applicable, are relying on 
the creditworthiness of the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK) 
(and/or any relevant sub-custodian appointed by the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the 
Collateral Custodian (UK)). In the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency of the Collateral 
Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK), there can be no assurance that the 
Security Trustee will be able to obtain delivery of and/or realise the property held with the 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK) or a sub-custodian on a timely 
basis.  
Any cash deposited with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK) 
by the Collateral Provider and any cash received by the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the 
Collateral Custodian (UK) into the relevant secured accounts will be held by the Collateral 
Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK) as banker and, in the case of cash held 
with the Collateral Custodian (UK), not as trustee. Accordingly, such cash will not be held as 
client money and will represent only an unsecured claim against the Collateral Custodian (Lux) 
and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK)'s assets.

--- Page 124 ---
Risk Factors 
 
118 
 
(D) 
The Security Interests in respect of the Securities do not become enforceable immediately 
following a failure by the Issuer to pay or deliver an amount payable or deliverable by the 
Issuer by way of a redemption in full  
If (a) a Security has become due and payable at its final Instalment Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Early Payment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Redemption 
Amount, Settlement Amount, Residual Cash Amount or any other amount payable by the Issuer 
on that Security by way of a redemption in full of such Security, and the Issuer does not pay 
such amount within 30 days of it becoming due, all remaining Securities of the Series of 
Securities (where they are not already due and payable) and any Linked Series of Securities to 
which such Security relates shall become due and payable immediately or on the Reference 
Bond Linked Redemption Date (in accordance with General Condition 15.3) or (b) a Security 
is to be redeemed by settlement of a Reference Asset Amount or any other amount deliverable 
by the Issuer on that Security by way of a redemption in full of such Security, and the Issuer 
does not deliver such Reference Asset Amount or such other amount within 30 days of it 
becoming deliverable (other than in accordance with the provisions of the Conditions) all 
Securities of the Series of Securities and any Linked Series of Securities to which such Security 
relates shall become due and payable immediately (in accordance with General Condition 15.3). 
The Security Interests in respect of the Series of Securities or the Linked Series of Securities, 
however, will become enforceable only once the Series of Securities or Linked Series of 
Securities, as applicable, has become due for redemption in full and payment of any Early 
Payment Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount, final Instalment 
Amount, Residual Cash Amount, Redemption Amount, Settlement Amount or any other amount 
payable by the Issuer on a Security by way of a redemption in full of that Security has not been 
made within 30 days (and, in the case of Linked Series of Securities, if the relevant Series of 
Securities became due and payable at different times, such 30-day period will commence on the 
latest date on which any such Series of Securities became due and payable). 
Therefore, in the case of a failure to pay of any amount payable by the Issuer on a Security by 
way of a redemption in full of a Security, the Holder may be required to wait until at least 60 
days after such failure before the Security Interests in respect of the Series of Securities or 
Linked Series of Securities, as applicable, can be enforced by the Security Trustee.  
(E) 
Failure to pay or deliver on another Security may trigger redemption of your Security 
Even if a failure to pay or failure to deliver has not occurred in respect of your Security, if the 
Issuer either (a) fails to pay the final Instalment Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early 
Payment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Redemption Amount, Settlement Amount, 
Residual Cash Amount or any other amount payable by the Issuer on another Security in the 
same Series of Securities or Linked Series of Securities, as applicable, by way of a redemption 
in full of such Security within 30 days of it becoming due or (b) fails to deliver a Reference 
Asset Amount or any other amount deliverable by the Issuer on another Security in the Series 
of Securities or Linked Series of Securities (as applicable) by way of a redemption in full of 
such Security within 30 days of it becoming deliverable, your Security will also become due 
and payable.

--- Page 125 ---
Conflicts of Interest 
 
119 
 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
JPMorgan Chase is subject to various potential conflicts of interest in respect of the Securities, 
which could have an adverse effect on the Securities 
An offering of Securities does not constitute an expression of the view of JPMorgan Chase, or a 
recommendation by JPMorgan Chase of, any Reference Asset or the constituents or components of 
any Reference Asset or any Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligations, including 
through an investment in the Securities. 
You should not take this Base Prospectus or any particular offering of Securities hereunder as an 
expression of the views of JPMorgan Chase about how any Reference Asset or the constituents or 
components of any Reference Asset or any Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor 
Obligations will perform in the future or as a recommendation to invest (directly or indirectly, by taking 
a long or short position) in any Reference Asset or the constituents or components of any Reference 
Asset or any Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligations, including through an 
investment in the Securities. As a global financial institution, JPMorgan Chase (through various 
JPMorgan Chase entities) may, and often do, have positions (long, short or both) in one or more 
Reference Assets or constituents or components of any Reference Asset or any Reference Bond and/or 
relevant Reference Obligor Obligations that conflict with an investment in the Securities. See "JPMorgan 
Chase may have economic interests that are adverse to those of the Holders of the Securities as a result 
of JPMorgan Chase's hedging and other trading activities" below. You should undertake an independent 
determination of whether an investment in the Securities is suitable for you in light of your specific 
investment objectives, risk tolerance and financial resources. 
JPMorgan Chase may have economic interests that are adverse to those of the Holders of the 
Securities as a result of JPMorgan Chase's hedging and other trading activities. 
In anticipation of the sale of the Securities, the relevant Issuer expects to hedge its obligations under the 
Securities through certain JPMorgan Chase affiliates or unaffiliated counterparties by taking positions in 
instruments the value of which is derived from one or more Reference Assets or the constituents or 
components of such Reference Assets or any Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor 
Obligations or other assets. The Issuer or the relevant hedging entity may also adjust its hedge by, among 
other things, purchasing or selling instruments the value of which is derived from one or more Reference 
Assets or the constituents or components of such Reference Assets or any Reference Bond and/or relevant 
Reference Obligor Obligations or other assets at any time and from time to time, and close out or unwind 
our hedge by selling any of the foregoing on or before any valuation date under the Securities. JPMorgan 
Chase cannot give you any assurances that its hedging activities will not negatively affect the value of 
the Reference Asset(s) or any Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligations or the 
performance of the Securities.  
This hedging activity may present a conflict of interest between your interest as a Holder of the Securities 
and the interests that JPMorgan Chase entities have in executing, maintaining and adjusting hedge 
transactions. These hedging activities could also affect the price at which the Dealer (or an affiliate) is 
willing to purchase your Securities in the secondary market (if any). 
The hedging entities expect to make a profit. Because hedging the Issuer's obligations entails risk and 
may be influenced by market forces beyond JPMorgan Chase's control, this hedging may result in a profit 
that is more or less than expected, or it may result in a loss. 
The Dealer and other JPMorgan Chase entities are also likely to trade the Reference Assets or the 
constituents or components of any Reference Asset or any Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference 
Obligor Obligations on a regular basis (taking long or short positions or both), for their accounts, for 
other accounts under their management and to facilitate transactions, including block transactions, on 
behalf of customers. While a particular outcome cannot be predicted, any of these hedging activities or 
other such trading activities could potentially increase and/or decrease the value of the Reference Asset(s) 
or any Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligations on a valuation date, which could 
have a material adverse impact on the return on the Securities. 
It is possible that these hedging or trading activities could result in substantial returns for the relevant 
JPMorgan Chase hedging entity (or entities) while the value of the Securities declines.

--- Page 126 ---
Conflicts of Interest 
 
120 
 
JPMorgan Chase may have economic interests that are adverse to those of the Holders of the 
Securities as a result of JPMorgan Chase's business activities. 
JPMorgan Chase may currently or from time to time engage in business with the issuer of a Reference 
Asset which is a Share or companies the equity securities of which are included in an Index, held by an 
ETF, included in a relevant Index, produce, trade or otherwise be active in relation to a commodity or 
constituent of a commodity index or engage in business with the Reference Obligor (the "underlying 
companies"), including extending loans to, making equity investments in or providing advisory services 
to the underlying companies, including merger and acquisition advisory services. In the course of this 
business, JPMorgan Chase may acquire non-public information about the underlying companies, and 
will not disclose any such information to you. In addition, JPMorgan Chase may publish research reports 
or otherwise express views about the underlying companies. Any prospective purchaser of Securities 
should undertake an independent investigation of each of the underlying companies as in its judgment is 
appropriate to make an informed decision with respect to an investment in the Securities. JPMorgan 
Chase does not make any representation or warranty to any purchaser of Securities with respect to any 
matters whatsoever relating to its business with the underlying companies. 
Additionally, JPMorgan Chase may serve as issuer, agent or underwriter for issuances of other securities 
or financial instruments with returns linked or related to changes in the level or price, as applicable, of a 
Share, a Commodity, an Index, a Fund or an ETF, the securities included in an Index or the securities, 
commodities or futures contracts held by a Fund or an ETF or any Reference Bond and/or relevant 
Reference Obligor Obligations. To the extent that JPMorgan Chase serves as issuer, agent or underwriter 
for these securities or financial instruments, JPMorgan Chase's interests with respect to these securities 
or financial instruments may be adverse to those of the Holders of the Securities. By introducing 
competing products into the marketplace in this manner, JPMorgan Chase (including any JPMorgan 
Chase entities) could adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
JPMorgan Chase may currently or from time to time engage in trading activities related to the currencies 
in which the equity securities underlying an Index, a Fund or an ETF or to the currencies in which any 
Reference Bond and/or Reference Obligor Obligations are denominated. If currency exchange rate 
calculations are involved in the calculation of the closing levels of an Index or the net asset values or 
closing prices of a Fund or an ETF or, in the case of Bond Linked Securities, the value of the Reference 
Bond and a hypothetical derivative in the early payment amount, these trading activities could potentially 
affect the exchange rates with respect to the currencies in which the equity securities underlying that 
Index, Fund or ETF or to the currencies in which any Reference Bond and/or Reference Obligor 
Obligations are denominated, the closing levels of that Index or the net asset values or closing prices of 
that Fund or ETF or, in the case of Bond Linked Securities, the value of the Reference Bond and a 
hypothetical derivative in the early payment amount and, accordingly, the value of the Securities.  
In the course of its currency trading activities, JPMorgan Chase may acquire material non-public 
information with respect to currency exchange rates, and will not disclose any such information to you. 
In addition, JPMorgan Chase may produce and/or publish research reports, or otherwise express views, 
with respect to expected movements in currency exchange rates. JPMorgan Chase does not make any 
representation or warranty to any purchaser of Securities with respect to any matters whatsoever relating 
to future currency exchange rate movements and any prospective purchaser of the Securities should 
undertake such independent investigation of the currencies in which securities underlying an Index or 
ETF or any Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligations are denominated and their 
related exchange rates as, in its judgment, is appropriate to make an informed decision with respect to an 
investment in the Securities. 
JPMorgan Chase may have economic interests that are adverse to those of the Holders of the 
Securities due to J.P. Morgan Securities plc's role as calculation agent. 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc, an affiliate of the Issuers, will act as the calculation agent, unless otherwise 
stated in the relevant Issue Terms. The calculation agent will make all determinations and exercise 
discretionary authorities under the terms and conditions of the Securities, as described in Risk Factor 7.1 
"JPMorgan Chase as Issuer and Calculation Agent has authority to make discretionary determinations 
under the Securities" above. In performing these duties, J.P. Morgan Securities plc (or such other entity 
appointed as the calculation agent, as the case may be) may have interests adverse to the interests of the 
Holders of the Securities, which may affect your return on the Securities.

--- Page 127 ---
Conflicts of Interest 
 
121 
 
JPMorgan Chase may have published research, expressed opinions or provided recommendations that 
are inconsistent with investing in or holding the Securities, and may do so in the future. Any such 
research, opinions or recommendations could affect the value of any relevant Reference Asset, and, 
therefore, the market value of the Securities. 
JPMorgan Chase publish research from time to time on underlying companies, financial markets and 
other matters that may influence the value of the Securities, or express opinions or provide 
recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Securities. JPMorgan Chase may 
have published or may publish research or other opinions that call into question the investment view 
implicit in an investment in the Securities. Any research, opinions or recommendations expressed by 
JPMorgan Chase may not be consistent with each other and may be modified from time to time without 
notice. Investors should make their own independent investigation of the merits of investing in the 
Securities and any Reference Asset to which the Securities are linked, or, in the case of Bond Linked 
Securities, any Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligations to which the early 
payment amount of the Securities are linked. 
JPMorgan Chase entities may have potential conflicts of interest in respect of their roles in respect of 
Credit Linked Securities. 
JPMorgan Chase and its affiliates may carry out hedging activities related to the Securities, including 
trading in the obligations of any Reference Entity as well as in other instruments related to a Reference 
Entity. JPMorgan Chase and its affiliates may also trade the obligations of a Reference Entity and other 
financial instruments related to the obligations of a Reference Entity on a regular basis as part of their 
general businesses.  
The Calculation Agent acts in its sole discretion in carrying out all calculations and determinations with 
respect to the Securities. The Calculation Agent will also have the ability to choose, in its sole discretion, 
whether or not to notify the Issuer of a Credit Event, which, subject as provided in the Credit Linked 
Provisions and the applicable Issue Terms, would result in an Event Determination Date occurring. If a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is not convened to determine an issue (such as the 
occurrence or not of a Credit Event or the determination of a Successor), then the Calculation Agent may 
make a determination (in its sole and absolute discretion) in respect of such issue. 
JPMorgan Chase and its affiliates may currently or from time to time engage in commercial, investment 
banking or other business with a Reference Entity, and/or any affiliate of a Reference Entity, or any other 
person or entity having obligations relating to a Reference Entity, and may act with respect to such 
business in the same manner as if the Securities did not exist, regardless of whether any such action might 
have an adverse effect on such Reference Entity or the Holders or otherwise (including, without 
limitation, the acceptance of deposits and the extension of loans or credit and any action that might 
constitute or give rise to a Credit Event). In the course of this business, JPMorgan Chase and its affiliates 
may acquire non-public information about a Reference Entity, and in addition, one or more of JPMorgan 
Chase's affiliates may publish research reports about it. You should undertake such independent 
investigation of each Reference Entity as in your judgment is appropriate to make an informed decision 
with respect to an investment in the Securities.

--- Page 128 ---
User's Guide to the Base Prospectus 
 
122 
 
USER'S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
1 
Introduction 
The purpose of this section (the "User's Guide") is to provide potential investors with a tool to 
help them navigate through the various documents relating to the Securities issued under the 
Base Prospectus and the various sections of the Base Prospectus. 
2 
Documentation 
For each issue of Securities under the Base Prospectus, the documents listed below will be 
available to potential investors on an ongoing basis. 
2.1 
The Base Prospectus 
This document: 
• 
contains an overview of the contents of this Base Prospectus, the information relating to 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (as Guarantor) and JPMSP and JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. (as Issuers) and the risk factors; 
• 
sets out the terms and conditions that apply to the Securities (other than the specific 
commercial terms and characteristics of a particular issue, in respect of which, see 
paragraph 2.3 below); 
• 
sets out the additional terms and conditions that apply in relation to the redemption 
payments and interest/coupon payments (if applicable) of the Securities, as specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms; 
• 
sets out the additional terms and conditions for Securities linked to a particular Reference 
Asset, as specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms;  
• 
sets out certain supplemental provisions in the appendices to the terms and conditions 
that apply in relation to German Securities and Belgian Securities, respectively; and  
• 
sets out the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities.  
2.2 
The Supplement(s) 
If a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information 
included in the Base Prospectus, which is capable of affecting a potential investor's assessment 
of the Securities, arises, the Issuer and the Guarantor will publish a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus. The supplement will be approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website 
(www.luxse.com) and on the J.P. Morgan Retail Derivative Products web portal 
(https://sp.jpmorgan.com/spweb/index.html). 
In accordance with Article 23(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, investors who have already 
agreed to purchase or subscribe for Securities before the Base Prospectus is published have the 
right, exercisable within two working days after the publication of the Base Prospectus, to 
withdraw their acceptances, provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy arose or was noted before the closing of the offer period or the delivery of 
the Securities, whichever occurs first. 
2.3 
The Issue Terms 
The applicable Issue Terms will be prepared to document each specific issue of Securities and 
will be either: (i) for Securities other than Exempt Securities, the Final Terms; or (ii) for Exempt 
Securities, the Pricing Supplement. Where applicable for Final Terms in relation to Securities 
other than Exempt Securities, a duly completed issue-specific summary specific will also be 
prepared.

--- Page 129 ---
User's Guide to the Base Prospectus 
 
123 
 
In each case, the applicable Issue Terms will contain: 
• 
the specific terms of the issue, including but not limited to, the amount or number of 
Securities being issued, the relevant identification codes and the currency of the 
Securities; 
• 
the commercial terms of the issue, such as the collateral arrangement, payout formula for 
redemption, interest/coupon amount(s), any automatic or optional early redemption 
provisions and related definitions in respect of a specific issue of Securities, as described 
in the Base Prospectus and completed by the Issue Terms (in each case, depending on 
the type of Securities in question); 
• 
details of the Reference Asset(s) to which the Securities are linked; and 
• 
the relevant dates, such as the issue date, interest/coupon payment date(s), valuation or 
averaging date(s) and redemption date. 
3 
How to navigate the Base Prospectus 
All Securities issued under the Base Prospectus will be subject to the generic sections of the 
Base Prospectus summarised above. Investors should note that depending on the specific 
terms of an issue of Securities not all sections of the Base Prospectus will be relevant to 
each issuance. 
The table below lists all of the sections of the Base Prospectus and their applicability to each 
issue of Securities. 
 
Sections which are applicable to all Securities 
 
Sections which are only applicable to specific issues of Securities

--- Page 130 ---
User's Guide to the Base Prospectus 
 
124 
 
Contents of the Base Prospectus 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
1. Sections providing general information on the Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Securities 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 
 
USER'S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
 
OVERVIEW 
OF 
THE 
POTENTIAL 
FOR 
DISCRETIONARY DETERMINATIONS BY THE 
CALCULATION AGENT AND THE ISSUER 
 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
o 
General Conditions 
 
2. Section setting out the general terms governing the 
Securities 
 
 
 
o 
Payout Conditions 
 
3. Section setting out the different payout formulae that may 
be applicable to the Securities (save for in relation to Credit 
Linked Securities) 
 
 
 
o 
Reference Asset Linked Conditions 
 
4. Section applicable to Securities depending on the type of 
Reference Asset(s) – one or more sub-sections may apply 
depending on the type of Reference Asset(s) 
▪ 
Share Linked Provisions 
▪ 
Index Linked Provisions 
 
▪ 
Commodity Linked Provisions 
 
▪ 
FX Linked Provisions 
 
▪ 
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
▪ 
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
 
 
 
o 
Appendix 1 – Provisions Regarding Resolutions 
of Holder German Securities 
 
5. Sections applicable to German and Belgian Securities, 
respectively 
o 
Appendix 2 – Belgian Securities Annex 
 
 
 
 
 
BOND LINKED PROVISIONS 
 
6. Section applicable to Securities with bonds as the 
Reference Asset 
 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW 
OF 
THE 
COLLATERAL 
ARRANGEMENTS IN RESPECT OF EACH SERIES 
OF SECURITIES 
 
7. Section setting out the collateral arrangements in respect of 
each Series of Securities 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
8. Section setting out the specific terms of the issue of 
Securities other than Exempt Securities 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
9. Section setting out the specific terms of the issue of Exempt 
Securities 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
10. Section relating to the use of proceeds for all Securities 
 
 
 
 
INFORMATION RELATING TO SUSTAINABLE 
SECURITIES 
 
11. Section relating to Sustainable Securities 
 
 
 
 
LIMITATIONS OF THE JPMORGAN CHASE 
BANK, N.A. GUARANTEE AND FORM OF 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. GUARANTEE 
 
12. Sections relating to the Guarantor and the Guarantee 
 
 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARING SYSTEMS 
 
13. Sections providing additional general information in 
respect of the Securities 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
 
PURCHASER 
REPRESENTATIONS 
AND 
REQUIREMENTS 
AND 
TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
TAXATION 
 
 
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-
LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 
 
 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
14. Section listing the relevant defined terms

--- Page 131 ---
User's Guide to the Base Prospectus 
 
125 
 
4 
How to read the Issue Terms 
The applicable Issue Terms are divided into two parts: 
• 
Part A, titled "CONTRACTUAL TERMS", which sets out the specific contractual terms 
of the Securities; and 
• 
Part B, titled "OTHER INFORMATION", which sets out any other information specific 
to the Securities. 
In the case of Final Terms only, an issue-specific summary of the Securities will be annexed to 
the Final Terms. 
Exhaustive information on the characteristics of the Securities as set out in Parts A and B of the 
applicable Issue Terms is available in the Base Prospectus. The Issuers will complete the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable (i.e. the Issue Terms), for each issue of Securities 
based on these forms. The following non-exhaustive diagram outlines the general structure of 
the Issue Terms (and issue-specific summary, if applicable) and indicates the types of 
information found in the Issue Terms. 
 
ISSUE TERMS 
 
 
Issuer and Guarantor of the Securities 
 
 
Title of the Securities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PART A: CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Information in respect of the relevant type of 
Security 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Information in respect of the relevant collateral 
arrangements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Information in respect of the interest/coupon 
payments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Information in respect of redemption of the 
Securities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Payout formula applicable to the Securities (save 
for in relation to Credit Linked Securities) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Information in respect of the relevant type of 
Reference Asset(s) – one or more sub-section may 
apply depending on the type of Reference Asset(s) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Further general information in respect of the 
Securities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Information in respect of the distribution of the 
Securities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PART B: OTHER INFORMATION 
 
Listing and admission to trading and ratings 
information 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Information on performance of the Reference 
Asset(s) and other information relating to the 
Reference Asset(s) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Post-issuance and operational information 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Information in respect of the public offer (if 
applicable) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ISSUE-SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
 
(if applicable)

--- Page 132 ---
User's Guide to the Base Prospectus 
 
126

--- Page 133 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
 
127 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This document should be read and construed in conjunction with each supplement to this Base Prospectus 
and the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The information set forth under 
II. (Information) below contained in the documents set forth under I. (Documents) below which, in 
respect of (i) to (xviii) below, is hereby incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and deemed 
to form a part of this Base Prospectus:  
I. 
Documents 
 
the Registration Document dated 17 April 2024 of JPMSP (the "JPMSP Registration 
Document") (available at https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10673f588d162043619855f15cc81b6ba4); 
 
the Registration Document dated 17 April 2024 of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the 
"JPMorgan 
Chase 
Bank, 
N.A. 
Registration 
Document" 
(available 
at 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/107f081b5d28334580b200fdd22125834a 
), 
(the 
"JPMCB 
Registration Document", together with the JPMSP Registration Document, the "Registration 
Documents", each of which has been approved for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation);  
 
the base prospectus dated 29 March 2019 relating to issues of non-equity securities under the 
Programme by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the 
"2019 
Base 
Prospectus") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1079b84bad1a0e490caf27e599be213c3c);  
 
supplement no. 4 dated 2 July 2019 to the 2019 Base Prospectus (the "2019 Base Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
4") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1009cd541371f94ccdba59039ae7d9627f); 
 
the base prospectus dated 7 May 2020 relating to the issues of non-equity securities under the 
Programme by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the 
"2020 Base Prospectus") (available at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/ListingParticulars_85ad5e34-cf8d-4de2-bcad-
ac70b65c1422.PDF);  
 
supplement no. 9 dated 11 March 2021 to the 2020 Base Prospectus (the "2020 Base Prospectus 
Supplement No. 9") (available at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_c099d8c3-f410-45ca-bc43-33d18e1ab91f.PDF);  
 
the base prospectus dated 1 July 2021 relating to the issues of non-equity securities under the 
Programme by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the 
"2021 
Base 
Prospectus") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/102eaea042c8d742b482f6e01537829709);  
 
supplement no. 5 dated 18 November 2021 to the 2021 Base Prospectus (the "2021 Base 
Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
5") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10254e9c0ca69f4a689a1678bd3718174a); 
 
supplement no. 6 dated 9 December 2021 to the 2021 Base Prospectus (the "2021 Base 
Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
6") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10430c13585e3d4007abd63a888441230a);  
 
the base prospectus dated 1 July 2022 relating to the issues of non-equity securities under the 
Programme by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the 
"2022 
Base 
Prospectus") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10d30a2870cf984bebbf54716f046a37bf);  
 
the base prospectus dated 14 September 2023 relating to the issues of non-equity securities 
under the Programme by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. 
(the 
"2023 
Base 
Prospectus") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10fe48903dbed3403487fa631d1047bad9);

--- Page 134 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
 
128 
 
 
supplement no. 3 dated 16 November 2023 to the 2023 Base Prospectus (the "2023 Base 
Prospectus 
Supplement 
No. 
3") 
(available 
at 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/108678cbce22814f66a9634198140e62d7)  
 
the audited consolidated financial statements of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as at 31 December 
2023 and 2022 and for each of the three years in the period ended 31 December 2023 (the 
"JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 2023 Audited Financial Statements ") (available at 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10e858f50f62f54458b6c323581f731f75); 
 
the JPMSP Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2023 (the "JPMSP 2023 Annual 
Report") (available at https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10d5f20025a12a4aaeaa9e249d2459724c );   
 
the JPMSP Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the "JPMSP 2022 Annual 
Report") (available at: https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/100481fb760d204a5cbbfc5f3575398d45); 
 
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. for the year ended 31 December 
2023 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "JPMorgan Chase & 
Co. 
2023 
Form 
10-K") 
(available 
at 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10883aea03c4c24c74938f5b3ed47a4fc0); 
 
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of JPMorgan Chase & Co. for the quarter ended 31 March 
2024, containing the unaudited consolidated financial statements of JPMorgan Chase & Co. for 
the quarter ended 31 March 2024, as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission on 1 May 2024 (the "JPMorgan Chase & Co. 31 March 2024 Form 10-Q") 
(available at https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/1053549fd947f54872999c0c8d818f9040);  
 the Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A of JPMorgan Chase & Co. dated 8 April 2024, as filed 
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC" ) (the "JPMorgan Chase & 
Co. 
2024 
Proxy 
Statement") 
(available 
at 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10d6065ec19bce4954a6805367d100a3ff ); and 
 
the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. dated 12 July 2024 containing the 
earnings press release for the quarter ended 30 June 2024 (the "JPMorgan Chase & Co. 12 
July 
2024 
Form 
8-K") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/107aa0d03d523a4d4fb0a69eda5fb5c2d2). 
II. 
Information 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the information incorporated into this Base 
Prospectus by reference. Any non-incorporated parts (information which is not listed in the cross-
reference list below) of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant to investors or are 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
Information incorporated by reference 
Page references 
 
 
From the JPMSP Registration Document 
 
Risk factors relating to JPMSP 
Pages 4 to 41 
Documents incorporated by reference 
Pages 42 to 43 
Information relating to JPMSP 
Pages 44 to 47 
General Information 
Page 48 
 
 
From the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Registration Document 
 
Risk factors relating to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Pages 4 to 41 
Documents incorporated by reference 
Pages 42 to 45 
Information relating to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Pages 46 to 55 
General Information 
Page 56 
 
 
From the 2019 Base Prospectus 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities: 
 
General Conditions 
Pages 289 to 390 
Payout Conditions 
Pages 391 to 442

--- Page 135 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
 
129 
 
Reference Asset Linked Conditions: 
 
Share Linked Provisions 
Pages 443 to 461 
Index Linked Provisions 
Pages 462 to 475 
Commodity Linked Provisions 
Pages 476 to 493 
FX Linked Provisions 
Pages 494 to 502 
Credit Linked Provisions 
Pages 503 to 564 
Fund Linked Provisions 
Pages 565 to 585 
Appendix – Provisions regarding resolutions of Holders of German Securities 
Pages 586 to 590 
Bond Linked Provisions 
Pages 591 to 604 
Form of Final Terms (the "2019 Form of Final Terms") 
Pages 615 to 710 
Form of Pricing Supplement 
Pages 711 to 804 
Form of Guarantee 
Pages 806 to 809 
 
 
From the 2019 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 4 
 
Amendments to the terms and conditions of the Securities 
Pages 7 to 11 
Schedule to the Supplement (Appendix 2: USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition 
Event Appendix) 
Pages 12 to 15 
 
 
From the 2020 Base Prospectus 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities: 
 
General Conditions 
Pages 158 to 264 
Payout Conditions 
Pages 265 to 333 
Reference Asset Linked Conditions: 
Page 334 
Share Linked Provisions 
Pages 334 to 353 
Index Linked Provisions 
Pages 354 to 367 
Commodity Linked Provisions 
Pages 368 to 384 
FX Linked Provisions 
Pages 385 to 393 
Credit Linked Provisions 
Pages 394 to 457 
Fund Linked Provisions 
Pages 458 to 478 
Appendix 1 – Provisions regarding resolutions of Holders of German 
Securities 
Pages 479 to 483 
 
Appendix 2 – USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event Appendix 
Pages 484 to 486 
Appendix 3 – Belgian Securities Annex 
Pages 487 to 495 
Bond Linked Provisions 
Pages 496 to 509 
Form of Final Terms (the "2020 Form of Final Terms") 
Pages 520 to 642 
Form of Pricing Supplement 
Pages 643 to 761 
Limitations of the Guarantee and Form of Guarantee  
Pages 763 to 768 
 
 
From the 2020 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 9 
 
Amendments to the General Conditions set out in Schedule 5 
Pages 11 to 12 
Amendments to the Form of Final Terms set out in Schedule 6 
Pages 13 to 16 
Amendments to the Form of Pricing Supplement set out in Schedule 7 
Pages 17 to 18 
 
 
From the 2021 Base Prospectus 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
General Conditions 
Pages 168 to 294 
Payout Conditions 
Pages 295 to 372 
Reference Asset Linked Conditions 
 
Share Linked Provisions 
Pages 373 to 393 
Index Linked Provisions 
Pages 394 to 408 
Commodity Linked Provisions 
Pages 409 to 427 
FX Linked Provisions 
Pages 428 to 437 
Credit Linked Provisions 
Pages 438 to 501 
Fund Linked Provisions 
Pages 502 to 523 
Appendix 1 – Provisions regarding resolutions of Holders of German 
Securities 
Pages 524 to 528 
Appendix 2 – USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event Appendix 
Pages 529 to 532 
Appendix 3 – Belgian Securities Annex 
Pages 533 to 541 
Bond Linked Provisions 
Pages 542 to 556 
Form of Final Terms (the "2021 Form of Final Terms") 
Pages 566 to 696

--- Page 136 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
 
130 
 
Form of Pricing Supplement 
Pages 697 to 822 
Limitations of the Guarantee and Form of Guarantee 
Pages 824 to 829 
 
 
From the 2021 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 5 
 
Amendments to the section entitled General Conditions 
Pages 7 to 8 
Amendments to the section entitled Share Linked Provisions 
Pages 8 to 9 
Amendments to the section entitled Index Linked Provisions 
Page 8 
Amendments to the Belgian Securities Annex 
Page 9 
 
 
From the 2021 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 6  
 
Amendments to the section entitled Form of Final Terms 
Pages 4 to 5  
Amendments to the section entitled Form of Pricing Supplement 
Pages 5 to 6 
 
 
From the 2022 Base Prospectus 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
General Conditions 
Pages 172 to 321 
Payout Conditions 
Pages 322 to 412 
Reference Asset Linked Conditions 
 
Share Linked Provisions 
Pages 413 to 433 
Index Linked Provisions 
Pages 434 to 448 
Commodity Linked Provisions 
Pages 449 to 467 
FX Linked Provisions 
Pages 468 to 477 
Credit Linked Provisions 
Pages 478 to 541 
Fund Linked Provisions 
Pages 542 to 563 
Appendix 1 – Provisions regarding resolutions of Holders of German 
Securities 
Pages 564 to 568 
Appendix 2 – USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event Appendix 
Pages 569 to 572 
Appendix 3 – Belgian Securities Annex 
Pages 573 to 581 
Bond Linked Provisions 
Pages 582 to 596  
Form of Final Terms (the "2022 Form of Final Terms") (the "2022 Form of 
Final Terms") 
Pages 606 to 755 
Form of Pricing Supplement 
Pages 756 to 899 
Limitations of the Guarantee and Form of Guarantee 
Pages 900 to 905 
 
 
From the 2023 Base Prospectus 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
General Conditions 
Pages 197 to 349 
Payout Conditions 
Pages 350 to 442 
Reference Asset Linked Conditions 
 
Share Linked Provisions 
Pages 443 to 463 
Index Linked Provisions 
Pages 464 to 478 
Commodity Linked Provisions 
Pages 479 to 496 
FX Linked Provisions 
Pages 497 to 506 
Credit Linked Provisions 
Pages 507 to 587 
Fund Linked Provisions 
Pages 588 to 608  
Appendix 1 – Provisions regarding resolutions of Holders of German 
Securities 
Pages 609 to 613 
Appendix 2 – USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event Appendix  
Pages 614 to 617 
Appendix 3 – Belgian Securities Annex 
Pages 618 to 626 
Bond Linked Provisions 
Pages 627 to 641 
Form of Final Terms (the "2023 Form of Final Terms")  
Pages 651 to 806 
Form of Pricing Supplement  
Pages 807 to 960 
Limitations of the Guarantee and Form of Guarantee 
967 to 971 
 
 
From the 2023 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 3 
 
Amendments to the section entitled General Conditions  
Page 5 
 
 
From the JPMSP 2023 Annal Report 
 
Directors' report 
Pages 3 to 9 
Financial statements:

--- Page 137 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
 
131 
 
Balance sheet 
Page 10 
Income statement 
Page 11 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Page 11 
Statement of changes in equity 
Page 12 
Statement of cash flows 
Page 13 
Notes to the financial statements 
Pages 14 to 37 
Other Information: 
 
Profit appropriation according to the Articles of Association 
Page 38 
Independent auditor's report** 
Pages 39 to 50 
 
 
From the JPMSP 2022 Annal Report 
 
Directors' report 
Pages 3 to 9 
Financial statements: 
 
Balance sheet 
Page 10 
Income statement 
Page 11 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Page 11 
Statement of changes in equity 
Page 12 
Statement of cash flows 
Page 13 
Notes to the financial statements 
Pages 14 to 37 
Other Information: 
 
Profit appropriation according to the Articles of Association 
Page 38 
Independent auditor's report*** 
Pages 39 to 50 
 
 
From the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 2023 Audited Financial Statements 
 
Report of Independent Auditors 
Pages 1 to 2 
Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
Page 3 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
Page 4 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
Page 5 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder's Equity 
Page 6 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
Page 7 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 8 to 137 
Supplementary Information (unaudited): 
 
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms  
Pages 138 to 142  
 
 
 
From the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2023 Form 10-K 
 
Part I 
 
 
Item I 
Business 
Page 1 
 
Overview 
Page 1 
 
Business segments 
Page 1 
 
Competition 
Page 1 
 
Human capital  
Pages 2 to 3 
 
Supervision and regulation 
Pages 4 to 8 
 
Distribution of assets, liabilities and stockholders' equity, 
interest rates and interest differentials 
Pages 310 to 314 
 
Return on equity and assets 
Pages 46, 170, 310 
 
Investment securities portfolio 
Pages 227 
 
Loans 
Pages 113 to 130, 
235 to 254 
 
Allowance for credit losses 
Pages 131 to 133, 
255 to 260 
 
Deposits 
Page 274 
Item 1B 
Unresolved staff comments 
Page 34 
Item 2 
Properties 
Page 34 
Item 3 
Legal proceedings 
Page 34 
Item 4 
Mine safety disclosures 
Page 34 
 
 
 
Part II 
 
 
Item 5 
Market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder 
matters and issuer purchases of equity securities 
Page 35

--- Page 138 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
 
132 
 
Item 6 
Reserved  
Page 35 
Item 7 
Management's discussion and analysis of financial 
condition and results of operations 
Page 35 
Item 7A 
Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 
Page 35 
Item 8 
Financial statements and supplementary data  
Page 36 
Item 9 
Changes in and disagreements with accountants on 
accounting and financial disclosure 
Page 36 
Item 9A 
Controls and procedures 
Page 36 
Item 9B 
Other information 
Page 37 
Item 9C 
Disclosure regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent 
inspections 
Page 37 
 
 
 
Part III 
 
 
Item 10 
Directors, executive officers and corporate governance 
Page 38 
Item 11 
Executive compensation 
Page 39 
Item 12 
Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and 
management and related stockholder matters 
Page 39 
Item 13 
Certain relationships and related transactions, and director 
independence 
Page 39 
Item 14 
Principal accounting fees and services 
Page 39 
 
 
 
Part IV 
 
 
Financial  
 
 
Three-Year Summary of Consolidated Financial Highlights 
Page 46 
 
Five-Year Stock Performance 
Page 47 
Management's discussion and analysis 
 
 
Introduction 
Page 48 
 
Executive Overview 
Pages 49 to 53 
 
Consolidated Results of Operations 
Pages 54 to 47 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheets and Cash Flows Analysis 
Pages 58 to 61 
 
Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm's Use of Non-GAAP 
 
Financial Measures 
Pages 62 to 64 
 
Business Segment Results 
Pages 65 to 67  
 
 
Consumer & Community Banking 
Pages 68 to 71 
 
 
Corporate & Investment Bank 
Pages 72 to 77 
 
 
Commercial Banking 
Pages 78 to 80 
 
 
Asset & Wealth Management 
Pages 81 to 83 
 
 
Corporate 
Pages 84 to 85 
 
Firmwide Risk Management 
Pages 86 to 89 
 
Strategic Risk Management 
Page 90 
 
Capital Risk Management 
Pages 91 to 101 
 
Liquidity Risk Management 
Pages 102 to 109 
 
Reputation Risk Management 
Page 110 
 
Credit and Investment Risk Management 
Pages 111 to 112 
 
 
Credit Portfolio 
Page 113 
 
 
Consumer Credit Portfolio 
Pages 114 to 119 
 
 
Wholesale Credit Portfolio 
Pages 120 to 130 
 
 
Allowance for Credit Losses 
Pages 131 to 133 
 
Investment Portfolio Risk Management 
Page 134  
 
Market Risk Management 
Pages 135 to 143 
 
Country Risk Management 
Pages 144 to 145 
 
Climate Risk Management 
Page 146 
 
Operational Risk Management 
Pages 147 to 150 
 
Compliance Risk Management 
Page 151 
 
Conduct Risk Management 
Page 152 
 
Legal Risk Management 
Page 153 
 
Estimations & Model Risk Management 
Page 154 
 
Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm 
Pages 155 to 158 
 
Accounting and Reporting Developments 
Pages 159 to 160 
 
Forward-Looking Statements 
Page 161

--- Page 139 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
 
133 
 
Audited financial statements 
 
 
Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
Page 162 
 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
Pages 163 to 165 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 
 
Consolidated statements of income 
Page 166 
 
 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income 
Page 167 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheets 
Page 168 
 
 
Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders' equity 
Page 169 
 
 
Consolidated statements of cash flows 
Page 170 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 171 to 309 
Supplementary information 
 
 
Distribution of assets, liabilities and stockholders' equity; interest 
 
rates and interest differentials 
Pages 310 to 311 
 
Interest rates and interest differential analysis of net interest income - 
 
U.S. and non-U.S. 
Pages 312 to 313 
 
Changes in net interest income, volume and rate analysis 
Page 314 
 
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 
Pages 315 to 321 
Signatures 
Page 322 
Exhibits 
Pages 325 to 423* 
* Only in respect of the Exhibits, the page numbers set out above are references to the PDF pages 
included in the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 
From the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2024 Proxy Statement 
 
Proposal 1: 
Election of Directors 
7 
 
Key factors for shareholder consideration 
8 
 
Director nominees 
Pages 9 to 18 
 
Other corporate governance policies and practices 
Page 31 
 
Shareholder rights 
Page 31 
 
Delinquent section 16 (a) reports 
Page 31 
 
Policies and procedures for approval of related 
party transactions 
Page 31 
 
Transactions with directors, executive officers 
and 5% shareholders 
Pages 31 to 32 
 
Compensation & management development 
committee interlocks and insider participation 
Page 32 
 
Political activities and lobbying 
Pages 32 to 33 
 
Code of conduct 
Page 33 
 
Code of ethics for finance professionals 
Page 33 
 
Supplier code of conduct 
Page 33 
 
From the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 12 July 2024 Form 8-K* 
Item 2.02 
Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
Page 2 
Item 9.01 
Financial Statements and Exhibits 
Page 2 
Exhibit 99.1 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Earnings Release - Second 
Quarter 2024 Results 
Pages 4 to 11 
Exhibit 99.2 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Earnings Release Financial 
Supplement - Second Quarter 2024 
Pages 12 to 43 
 
 
 
*The page numbers referenced above in relation to (i) the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 12 July 2024 Form 8-
K and (ii) the Exhibits to the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2023 Form 10-K relate to the PDF versions of such 
documents, relate to the PDF version of such document, a copy of which is available on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
** The auditor's report contained in the JPMSP 2023 Annual Report incorporated by reference into this 
Registration Document is the original auditor's report that was issued on 8 April 2024 with respect to the 
JPMSP 2023 Annual Report. The paragraph headed "European Single Electronic Format (ESEF)" on 
page 8 of the auditor's report (PDF page 46 of the JPMSP 2023 Annual Report) relates to the official 
2023 annual report of JPMSP (as prepared in XHTML format) in accordance with the applicable

--- Page 140 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
 
134 
 
Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) on ESEF, and is not applicable for the financial information and 
format as set out in this Registration Document.  
*** The auditor's report contained in the JPMSP 2022 Annual Report incorporated by reference into this 
Registration Document is the original auditor's report that was issued on 12 April 2023 with respect to 
the JPMSP 2022 Annual Report. The paragraph headed "European Single Electronic Format (ESEF)" on 
page 8 of the auditor's report (PDF page 46 of the JPMSP 2022 Annual Report) relates to the official 
2022 annual report of JPMSP (as prepared in XHTML format) in accordance with the applicable 
Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) on ESEF, and is not applicable for the financial information and 
format as set out in this Registration Document. 
Investors who have not previously reviewed the information contained in the above documents should 
do so in connection with their evaluation of any Securities. Any statement contained in a document, all 
or the relevant portion of which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, shall be deemed 
to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in any supplement to this Base Prospectus filed under Article 23 of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation, including any documents incorporated therein by reference, modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). The documents 
incorporated by reference will be available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website 
(www.luxse.com) and the website of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/euronext-dublin.) 
III. 
Specific information in the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 31 March 2024 Form 10-Q  
The table below sets out certain specific sections of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 31 March 2024 Form 
10-Q. Investors should note, however, that as stated in the introduction to this section of the Base 
Prospectus (Documents Incorporated by Reference), the entirety of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 31 March 
2024 Form 10-Q is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus on the basis that it is relevant for 
investors. 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page number 
From the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 31 March 2024 Form 10-Q 
 
Part I - Financial information 
 
Item 1. 
Financial Statements. 
Consolidated Financial Statements – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: 
 
 
Consolidated statements of income (unaudited) for the three 
months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Page 83 
 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income (unaudited) 
for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Page 84 
 
Consolidated balance sheets (unaudited) at March 31, 2024 and 
December 31, 2023 
Page 85 
 
Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders' equity 
(unaudited) for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 
2023 
Page 86  
 
Consolidated statements of cash flows (unaudited) for the three 
months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Page 87 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
Pages 88 to 173 
 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
Page 174 
 
Consolidated Average Balance Sheets, Interest and Rates 
(unaudited) for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Page 175 
 
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms and Line of Business Metrics 
Pages 176 to 187 
Item 2. 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations. 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Highlights 
Page 3 
 
Introduction 
Page 4 
 
Executive Overview 
Pages 5 to 9 
 
Consolidated Results of Operations 
Pages 10 to 12 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheets and Cash Flows Analysis 
Pages 13 to 15 
 
Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm's Use of Non-
GAAP Financial Measures 
Pages 16 to 17 
 
Business Segment Results 
Pages 18 to 36 
 
Firmwide Risk Management 
Page 37

--- Page 141 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference
 
135 
 
 
Capital Risk Management 
Pages 38 to 43 
 
Liquidity Risk Management 
Pages 44 to 53 
 
Consumer Credit Portfolio 
Pages 54 to 57 
 
Wholesale Credit Portfolio 
Pages 58 to 69 
 
Investment Portfolio Risk Management 
Page 70 
 
Market Risk Management 
Pages 71 to 76 
 
Country Risk Management 
Page 77 
 
Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm 
Pages 78 to 80 
 
Accounting and Reporting Developments 
Page 81  
 
Forward-Looking Statements 
Page 82 
Item 3. 
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
Page 185 
Item 4. 
Controls and Procedures. 
Page 185 
Part II - Other information 
 
Item 1. 
Legal Proceedings. 
Page 185 
Item 
1A. 
Risk Factors 
Page 185 
Item 2. 
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
Pages 185 to 186 
Item 3. 
Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
Page 186 
Item 4. 
Mine Safety Disclosures. 
Page 186 
Item 5. 
Other Information. 
Page 186 
Item 6. 
Exhibits. 
Page 187

--- Page 142 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
136 
 
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
This section is intended to answer some of the questions which investors may have when considering an 
investment in the Securities. However, any decision to invest in the Securities should only be made after 
careful consideration of all relevant sections of this Base Prospectus and the relevant Issue Terms. This 
section should be treated as an introduction to the Issuers, the types of Securities which may be issued 
under the Programme and certain terms of such Securities. 
1. 
What documents do you need to read in respect of an issuance of Securities? ....................... 137 
2. 
Who are the Issuers and the Guarantor under this Programme? .............................................. 138 
3. 
What type of Securities can be issued under this Programme? ............................................... 139 
4. 
What are the Reference Assets to which Securities may be linked? ....................................... 139 
5. 
Will the issue price of a Security reflect its market value on or after the issue date? ............. 139 
6. 
Are the market value and interest and amounts payable or deliverable in respect of your Securities 
subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable)? ................. 140 
7. 
Will you be able to sell your Securities? ................................................................................. 140 
8. 
What will be the price of your Securities if you are able to sell them? ................................... 141 
9. 
If your Securities are linked to a Reference Asset, or, if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, any Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor 
Obligations will you have recourse to that asset if the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) 
defaults? .................................................................................................................................. 141 
10. 
How much of your investment is at risk? ................................................................................ 141 
11. 
Who is the "Holder" of the Securities? .................................................................................... 142 
12. 
What rights do Holders have against an Issuer? ...................................................................... 142 
13. 
What do you have to do to exercise your rights in respect of your Securities? ....................... 143 
14. 
How can you enforce your rights against an Issuer if the Issuer has failed to make a payment of 
principal on the Securities? ..................................................................................................... 143 
15. 
How are payments made to you? ............................................................................................ 144 
16. 
What if the Securities are not held through a clearing system? ............................................... 145 
17. 
How are Reference Assets delivered to you? .......................................................................... 145 
18. 
When are payments made to investors? .................................................................................. 145 
19. 
Who calculates the amounts payable to you? .......................................................................... 145 
20. 
What is a "Payment Disruption Event" and what are its consequences? ................................. 146 
21. 
Are the Calculation Agent's determinations binding on you? ................................................. 147 
22. 
Are there any fees, expenses or taxes to pay when purchasing, holding or selling Securities?147 
23. 
Under what circumstances may the Securities be redeemed or terminated before their stated 
maturity? ................................................................................................................................. 147 
24. 
Are there any other circumstances in which your Securities may become repayable prior to 
maturity? ................................................................................................................................. 149 
25. 
How is the Early Payment Amount calculated? ...................................................................... 149 
26. 
Can the Issuer amend the conditions of Securities once they have been issued without your 
consent? ................................................................................................................................... 155 
27. 
What are Share Linked Securities?.......................................................................................... 156 
28. 
What are the Share Linked Provisions? ................................................................................... 156 
29. 
What are Bond Linked Securities ............................................................................................ 157

--- Page 143 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
137 
 
30. 
What are the Bond Linked Provisions?.....................................................................................157 
31. 
What are Index Linked Securities?............................................................................... ........... 158 
32. 
What are the Index Linked Provisions?............................................................................... .... 158 
33. 
What are Commodity Linked Securities? 
............................................................................... .................................................................. 158 
34. 
What are the Commodity Linked Provisions? 
........................................................................... ...................................................................... 160 
35. 
What are FX Linked Securities?.............................................................................................. 159 
36. 
What are the FX Linked Provisions? ....................................................................................... 160 
37. 
What are Credit Linked Securities? ......................................................................................... 160 
38. 
What are the Credit Linked Provisions? .................................................................................. 161 
39. 
What are Fund Linked Securities? .......................................................................................... 178 
40. 
What are the Fund Linked Provisions? ................................................................................... 178 
41. 
What is an "Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event" and what are its consequences? ........... 179 
42. 
What is an "Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event" and what are its consequences? ........... 180 
1 
What documents do you need to read in respect of an issuance of Securities? 
There are several legal documents which you must read in respect of any Securities: (i) each 
applicable section of this Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus); (ii) the Registration Document for the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and (iii) the Issue Terms in respect of such Securities (including the 
issue-specific summary annexed thereto). You may request copies of any documents from your 
selling agent or from the Luxembourg listing agent, whose address is set out below. For Swiss 
Securities, all documents will also be available from the Swiss Programme Agent, whose 
address is set out below. For German Securities, all documents will also be available from the 
German Programme Agent or, if German Securities are cleared through Euroclear or 
Clearstream Luxembourg, the Principal Programme Agent, whose address is set out below. For 
French Securities, all documents will also be available from the French Programme Agent or, if 
French Securities are cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg, the Principal 
Programme Agent, whose address is set out below. 
(a) 
What information is included in this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus contains the general terms and conditions of all Securities in (i) the 
section entitled "General Conditions", (ii) the Payout Conditions, (iii) the Reference 
Asset Linked Conditions, which relate to the most common Reference Assets, being the 
Share Linked Provisions, the Index Linked Provisions, the Commodity Linked 
Provisions, the FX Linked Provisions, the Credit Linked Provisions and the Fund Linked 
Provisions and (iv) if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Bond Linked Provisions. For further information about the Reference 
Asset Linked Conditions, see Commonly Asked Question 28 (What are the Share Linked 
Provisions?), Commonly Asked Question 32 (What are the Index Linked Provisions?), 
Commonly Asked Question 34 (What are the Commodity Linked Provisions?), 
Commonly Asked Question 36 (What are the FX Linked Provisions?), Commonly Asked 
Question 38 (What are the Credit Linked Provisions?) and Commonly Asked Question 
40 (What are the Fund Linked Provisions?) below. For further information about the 
Bond Linked Provisions, see Commonly Asked Question 30 (What are the Bond Linked 
Provisions?) below. 
The General Conditions, which may be completed by the applicable Payout Conditions, 
any applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions and if "Bond Linked Provisions" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Bond Linked Provisions, must be

--- Page 144 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
138 
 
read together with the Issue Terms which will specify which General Conditions, which 
Payout Conditions, which Reference Asset Linked Conditions and if "Bond Linked 
Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, which elections in the 
Bond Linked Provisions apply to your Securities – see Commonly Asked Question 1(b) 
(What information is included in the Issue Terms?) below. 
The Registration Documents disclose financial and other information about each Issuer 
and, if applicable, the Guarantor, of such Securities and incorporates by reference further 
information about such entities. The Registration Documents incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus are available to investors by request from Matheson, the 
Luxembourg listing agent, at its office at 70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland, 
and, in relation to Swiss Securities, from UBS AG, the Swiss Programme Agent, at its 
office at Paradeplatz 8, 8001 Zürich, Switzerland, and, in relation to German Securities, 
from BNP Paribas S.A., Germany Branch, the German Programme Agent, at its office at 
Senckenberganlage 19, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, Germany and, in relation to French 
Securities, from BNP Paribas S.A., the French Programme Agent, at its office at 16, 
boulevard des Italiens, 75009 Paris, France, acting through its office located at Les 
Grands Moulins de Pantin, 9 rue du Débarcadère, 93500 Pantin, France. In addition, the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and Euronext Dublin will publish all of such documents 
on their websites (www.luxse.com and www.euronext.com/en/euronext-dublin). 
This Base Prospectus also discloses restrictions about who can buy such Securities and 
to whom the Securities may be transferred or resold and risk factors relating to the Issuers 
and Guarantor and the Securities issued under this Programme. It also contains certain 
tax advice and certain ERISA considerations, although you should always seek specialist 
advice which has been tailored to your circumstances.  
(b) 
What information is included in the Issue Terms? 
While this Base Prospectus includes general information about all Securities, the Issue 
Terms is the document that sets out the specific details of each issuance of Securities. 
The Issue Terms will contain, for example, the issue date, the maturity date and the 
methods used to calculate the redemption amount and any interest payments, if 
applicable.  
The Issue Terms for each issuance of Securities will specify which, if any, of the Payout 
Conditions and the Reference Asset Linked Conditions apply to an issuance of such 
Securities and whether the "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable, and will 
complete the General Conditions, any such Payout Conditions, any such Reference Asset 
Linked Conditions and, if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, any such Bond Linked Provisions. Therefore, the Issue Terms for 
such Securities must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
2 
Who are the Issuers and the Guarantor under this Programme? 
The Issue Terms will specify whether the Issuer of your Securities is J.P. Morgan Structured 
Products B.V. or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Securities issued by J.P. Morgan Structured 
Products B.V. are guaranteed by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Securities issued by JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A. will not be guaranteed. 
(a) 
Who is J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V.? 
J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. or JPMSP is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary 
of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., which is in turn one of the principal bank subsidiaries 
of JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMSP's business principally consists of the issuance of 
securitised derivatives comprising notes, warrants and certificates, including equity-
linked, reverse convertible and market participation notes and the subsequent hedging of 
those risk positions. JPMSP is described in the JPMSP Registration Document. 
(b) 
Who is JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.?

--- Page 145 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
139 
 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. was initially organised as a New York banking corporation 
on 26 November 1968, and converted into a national banking association on 13 
November 2004. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. operates under the U.S. National Banking 
Act. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is a wholly-owned bank subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase 
& Co. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. either directly or through overseas branches and 
subsidiaries, representative offices and subsidiary foreign banks offers a wide range of 
banking services to its U.S. and non-U.S. customers. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., is 
described in the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Registration Document. 
3 
What type of Securities can be issued under this Programme? 
Under this Programme, each of the Issuers may issue warrants, certificates and notes, which 
together are known as "Securities". Securities may have any maturity. Securities may be listed 
and traded on a regulated market, or not listed or traded. Notes may or may not be rated. Notes 
may be non-interest bearing or bear fixed or floating rate interest or bear interest that may be 
linked to the performance of one or more Reference Assets. Certificates and Warrants will be 
non-interest bearing but Certificates may pay fixed or floating rate coupons or other amounts 
that may in each case be linked to the performance of one or more Reference Assets. Upon 
maturity of the Security you may receive a cash amount or delivery of the Reference Asset.  
Securities may be cleared through the international clearing systems, or may be cleared through 
a domestic clearing system. Swiss Securities are Securities cleared through the domestic 
clearing system in Switzerland. CREST CDI Securities will be deposited with a common 
depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be accepted for settlement in 
CREST via the CDI mechanism. German Securities may be cleared through the German 
domestic clearing system or Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, will be governed by 
German law and are intended to be placed with investors in Germany and/or Austria. French 
Securities are Securities inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central securities 
depository), cleared through Euroclear France or Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
will be governed by French law. All other Securities will be governed by English law.  
Securities which may be offered to certain qualified institutional investors in the United States 
are described as Rule 144A Securities. Securities which may be sold concurrently outside the 
United States to certain non-U.S. Persons and to certain qualified institutional investors in the 
United States are described as Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities. 
4 
What are the Reference Assets to which Securities may be linked? 
The interest and/or repayment/delivery terms of the Securities issued under this Programme may 
be linked to a number of different Reference Assets ("Reference Assets"), which may include: 
• 
a share or a depositary receipt; 
• 
a share index; 
• 
an exchange traded fund (ETF); 
• 
a mutual fund;  
• 
a commodity; 
• 
a commodity index; 
• 
a foreign exchange rate; 
• 
an interest rate or swap rate or any other rate; 
• 
the credit risk of a reference entity; or 
• 
a basket of the above. 
In the case of Bond Linked Securities, see also Commonly Asked Question 29 (What are Bond 
Linked Securities?) and Commonly Asked Question 30 (What are the Bond Linked 
Provisions?). 
5 
Will the issue price of a Security reflect its market value on or after the issue date? 
As at the Issue Date, the Issue Price of the Securities will likely be more than the market value 
of such Securities, and more than the price, if any, at which the Dealer or any other person would 
be willing to purchase the Securities in secondary market transactions. In particular, (a) where

--- Page 146 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
140 
 
permitted by applicable law, the Issue Price may take into account amounts with respect to 
commissions relating to the issue and sale of the Securities and (b) amounts relating to the 
hedging of the Issuer's obligations under such Securities, including the profits JPMorgan Chase 
expects to realise in consideration for assuming the risks inherent in providing such hedge. In 
addition, any secondary market prices of the Securities will likely be lower than the original 
issue price of the Securities because, among other things, secondary market prices take into 
account the secondary market credit spreads of the Issuer (and, if applicable, the Guarantor). 
See Risk Factor 2 "Risks related to the valuation, liquidity and offering of the Securities" above. 
6 
Are the market value and interest and amounts payable or deliverable in respect of your 
Securities subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if 
applicable)? 
Yes. Subject to the Security Interests in respect of the Series of Securities (where the Type of 
Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being Single Series Collateral Pool) 
or the Linked Series of Securities (where the Type of Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms as being Multiple Series Collateral Pool) granted by the Collateral Provider to the 
Security Trustee for the benefit of itself, any appointee thereof and the Holders of such Series 
of Securities or the Linked Holders of the Linked Series of Securities, respectively, you will be 
exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable), and you will have no 
recourse to the Reference Asset(s) or, if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, any Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligations 
(see Commonly Asked Question 9 (If your Securities are linked to a Reference Asset or, if "Bond 
Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, any Reference Bond 
and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligations, will you have recourse to that asset if the Issuer 
and the Guarantor (if applicable) defaults?) below). The market value of the Securities will not 
only be affected by the value of the Reference Asset(s) or, if "Bond Linked Provisions" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, any Reference Bond and/or relevant 
Reference Obligor Obligations, but will also depend in part on the credit ratings of the relevant 
Issuer or Guarantor (if applicable), together with various other factors (Risk Factor 2.3 "Prior 
to their scheduled redemption, the value of the Securities will be influenced by many factors and 
cannot be predicted" above). Whilst you will have no recourse to the Reference Asset(s) or, if 
"Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, any Reference 
Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligations, you will have recourse to the Collateral in 
respect of which the Collateral Provider has granted the Security Interests in respect of the Series 
of Securities or the Linked Series of Securities, as applicable, and, where "Bond Linked 
Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, it is possible (but not a 
requirement) that such Collateral will comprise or include the Reference Bond and/or relevant 
Reference Obligor Obligations (as to which, see the section headed "Overview of the collateral 
arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities").  
The value of the Securities is expected to be affected, in part, by the general perceptions of 
investors of the creditworthiness of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
Such perceptions may be influenced by the ratings accorded to outstanding securities of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. by well-recognised rating agencies, 
such as Moody's Investors Service Inc., Fitch, Inc. and Standard & Poor's, a division of The 
McGraw Hill Companies, Inc.  
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. are each rated by Standard & Poor's 
Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., Moody's Investors Service, 
Inc. and Fitch, Inc., none of which is a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under the CRA Regulation. The creditworthiness of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
is more likely to affect the market value of Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
and Securities issued by JPMSP which are guaranteed by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Further 
information regarding JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s credit ratings 
can be obtained from their website (www.jpmorganchase.com). 
7 
Will you be able to sell your Securities? 
The relevant Issue Terms will specify whether your Securities will be listed on any securities 
exchange or not listed. There may be little or no secondary market for the Securities. Even if

--- Page 147 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
141 
 
there is a secondary market for the Securities, it may not provide enough liquidity to allow you 
to trade or sell the Securities easily. 
JPMorgan Chase may act as a market maker for the Securities, but is not required to do so 
(subject to the rules of any applicable securities exchange). As other market makers may not 
participate significantly in the secondary market for the Securities, the price at which you may 
be able to trade your Securities is likely to depend on the price, if any, at which the JPMorgan 
Chase is willing to buy the Securities. If at any time the Dealer or another agent does not act as 
a market maker, it is likely that there would be little or no secondary market for the Securities. 
If the JPMorgan Chase does make a market for the Securities, it may cease to do so at any time 
without notice (subject to the rules of any applicable securities exchange).  
Securities are also subject to selling restrictions and purchaser representations and requirements 
and transfer restrictions that may limit your ability to resell or transfer them. 
8 
What will be the price of your Securities if you are able to sell them? 
If it is possible to sell your Securities, they would be sold for the prevailing bid price in the 
market. The prevailing bid price may be affected by several factors including the performance 
of the Reference Asset or if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, any Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligations, prevailing 
interest rates at the time of sale, the time remaining until the stated repayment date, transaction 
costs and the perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable). It is 
therefore possible that if you sell your Securities in the secondary market you may receive a 
price which is lower than your initial investment. See also Commonly Asked Question 5 (Will 
the issue price of a Security reflect its market value on or after the issue date?) above. 
9 
If your Securities are linked to a Reference Asset, or, if "Bond Linked Provisions" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, any Reference Bond and/or relevant 
Reference Obligor Obligations will you have recourse to that asset if the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (if applicable) defaults? 
No. Subject to the following paragraph, the Securities are linked to the performance of the 
Reference Asset or, if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, any Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligations, but there is no 
obligation on the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) to hold the Reference Asset or, if "Bond 
Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, any Reference Bond 
and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligations. Even if the Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable) does hold the Reference Asset or, if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, any Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor 
Obligations, it will not be segregated from the other assets of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable) or held for the benefit of the Holders of Securities.  
Whilst you will have no recourse to the Reference Asset(s) or, if "Bond Linked Provisions" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, any Reference Bond and/or relevant 
Reference Obligor Obligations, you will have recourse to the Collateral in respect of which the 
Collateral Provider has granted the Security Interests in respect of the Series of Securities or the 
Linked Series of Securities, as applicable, and, where "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, it is possible (but not a requirement) that such Collateral 
will comprise or include the Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligations.  
10 
How much of your investment is at risk? 
For all Securities, your investment may be at risk as you may receive an amount less than your 
original investment on the maturity date and may even lose your entire investment. In such 
circumstances, the value of the Securities can fluctuate and there is no guarantee that the value 
of the Securities will increase or that they will retain their value. The higher the potential return 
of your Securities, the greater the risk of loss attached to those Securities will be. Subject to the 
Security Interests granted by the Collateral Provider in respect of the Series of Securities or the

--- Page 148 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
142 
 
Linked Series of Securities, as applicable, you will always be exposed to the credit risk of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable). 
See "Risk Factors" above for more detailed information about the risks relating to the loss of 
any invested amounts. 
11 
Who is the "Holder" of the Securities? 
In respect of Securities (other than German Securities, and French Securities, and Swiss 
Securities which constitute Intermediated Securities (as defined below)), the legal "Holder" of 
the Securities who is entitled to take action with respect to the Securities will for most purposes 
be the entity which appears in the records of the clearing system through which the Securities 
are held. Such entity (known as a custodian) may be your selling agent or another entity. 
If you need to take any action with respect to your Securities (unless your Securities are German 
Securities or French Securities, or Swiss Securities which constitute Intermediated Securities), 
you must instruct the custodian who holds the Securities on your behalf to take such action (or 
procure that such action is taken) on your behalf. 
In respect of German Securities, the end investor is the legal holder of such Securities. As such 
you are therefore entitled to take any action with respect to any German Securities you hold 
yourself. 
In respect of French Securities, the "Holder" is the person whose name appears in the account 
of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder or the Issuer or the French Registration Agent 
(as the case may be) as being entitled to such French Securities. Such person is entitled to take 
any action with respect to the relevant French Securities except, in respect of Holders of French 
Notes, if such right is deferred to the "Masse" for the defence of the common interest of the 
Holders. 
As a matter of Swiss law, Swiss Securities which are either represented by a Global Security in 
registered form deposited with SIX SIS or issued in uncertificated form and entered into the 
main register (Hauptregister) of SIX SIS as custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) and have been 
entered into the securities accounts of one or more participants of SIX SIS, constitute 
intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Intermediated 
Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) ("Intermediated Securities"), and, consequently, the 
holder of such Swiss Securities will be deemed to be each person holding any such Swiss 
Security in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in such person's name or, in the case of 
intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), each intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) holding any such 
Swiss Security for its own account in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in such 
intermediary's name (and the expression "Holder" as used herein shall be construed 
accordingly). 
12 
What rights do Holders have against an Issuer? 
Securities issued under this Programme will constitute direct, unsubordinated and secured (such 
security being granted by the Collateral Provider) obligations of the relevant Issuer and, subject 
to the Security Interests, will rank equally among themselves and with all direct unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of such Issuer, except for certain obligations that enjoy preferences 
or priorities. 
A Holder's rights may include the right to have the principal amount of Securities repaid by such 
Issuer at maturity, the right to receive interest based on the principal amount of such Securities 
or otherwise, the right to receive a cash amount from the relevant Issuer calculated in accordance 
with the relevant Issue Terms or the right to receive delivery of a specified asset or assets against 
payment of a specified sum, all as more particularly described in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Upon insolvency of the Issuer, Holders of the Securities will generally be paid at the same time 
as Holders of other unsecured obligations of the Issuer, subject to any enforcement by the 
Security Trustee or any appointed receiver (in respect of an English Law Charge only) of the 
Security Interests granted by the Collateral Provider in respect of the Series of Securities or the 
Linked Series of Securities, as applicable, and the application in full of the enforcement

--- Page 149 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
143 
 
proceeds thereof. In addition, in respect of Securities that are issued by JPMSP, if an Event of 
Default has occurred by reason of a failure to pay by the Issuer in respect of any Securities of 
(i) any Instalment Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Payment Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Redemption Amount or Settlement Amount, as applicable, in respect of 
the Securities when the same is due and payable or deliver any Reference Asset Amount and/or 
pay any Residual Cash Amount in respect of any Securities when the same is deliverable or 
make payment or delivery of any other amount in respect of any Securities when the same is 
due and payable or deliverable, as the case may be, and such failure continues for 30 days or (ii) 
interest on any of the Notes or a coupon amount on any of the Certificates when the same is due 
and payable, and such failure continues for 30 days, notwithstanding any term to the contrary, 
no claims may be brought or further action may be taken against the Issuer or the Guarantor in 
respect of any amounts that may remain due and payable by the Issuer to the Holders in respect 
of the relevant Series of Securities or, if applicable, the relevant Linked Series of Securities until 
the Security Trustee (or any appointed receiver in respect of an English Law Charge only) has 
enforced the Security Interests in respect of the relevant Series of Securities or, if applicable, 
the relevant Linked Series of Securities and the proceeds thereof have been applied in full (as 
to which, see Risk Factor 10.3(A) "Risk that the Security Trustee fails to enforce the Security 
Interests or apply the proceeds of enforcement" above). 
If the Issuer is unable to repay amounts due to Holders, each Holder of a Series of Securities 
will be treated equally with all other Holders who own Securities of such Series issued by the 
Issuer, but will be entitled to claim for any shortfalls in amounts owed but unpaid by the Issuer 
against the Guarantor (if applicable) following enforcement of the Security Interests in respect 
of the Securities and application in full of the enforcement proceeds thereof, subject to the 
paragraph above. You will not have any recourse to any Reference Assets or, if "Bond Linked 
Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, any Reference Bond and/or 
relevant Reference Obligor Obligations. Whilst you will have no recourse to any Reference 
Asset(s) or, if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
any Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligations, you will have recourse to 
the Collateral in respect of which the Collateral Provider has granted the Security Interests in 
respect of the Series of Securities or the Linked Series of Securities, as applicable, and, where 
"Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, it is possible 
(but not a requirement) that such Collateral will comprise or include the Reference Bond and/or 
relevant Reference Obligor Obligations (as to which, see the section headed "Overview of the 
collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities").  
See also Risk Factor 1.2 "Status of the Guarantee and of Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A." above. 
13 
What do you have to do to exercise your rights in respect of your Securities? 
In respect of Securities other than German Securities, your rights relating to the Securities are 
governed by the procedures of the relevant clearing systems. As only the legal Holders of the 
Securities can exercise any right to early repayment of the Securities, if you wish any such right 
to early repayment to be exercised on your behalf, you must contact the custodian through which 
you hold your interest for details of how to give notice. You should ensure proper and timely 
instructions are given to your custodian requesting that it notify the Holder to exercise the 
repayment right on your behalf. 
In respect of German Securities, you may exercise your rights directly in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of your Securities. However, you will generally be required to instruct 
your custodian to transfer your Securities to the Relevant Programme Agent in order to do so. 
14 
How can you enforce your rights against an Issuer if the Issuer has failed to make a 
payment of principal on the Securities?  
The Issuer has executed a deed of covenant in respect of Securities which are governed by 
English law, pursuant to which it covenants in favour of the Holders of Securities to comply 
with its obligations set out in the General Conditions, the applicable Payout Conditions, the 
applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions and, if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Bond Linked Provisions. Holders of Securities are

--- Page 150 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
144 
 
granted direct rights against the Issuer, including without limitation, the right to receive all 
payments, and are able to enforce such direct rights. This means that even if the legal "Holder" 
of the Securities is a depository on behalf of a clearing system, the accountholders in the clearing 
system will still be able to make a direct claim against the Issuer without having to rely on the 
depository doing so on their behalf.  
In respect of German Securities, you may enforce your rights under the Securities directly 
against the Issuer. You may not rely on your custodian or any other person to make any claims 
on your behalf. 
In respect of French Securities, you may enforce your rights under the Securities directly against 
the Issuer (including through the Representative, if any). You may not rely on your custodian 
or any other person to make any claims on your behalf. 
If the Issuer has failed to make a payment of principal on the Securities, after the passing of the 
applicable grace period, the Security Interests over the Collateral in respect of the Series of 
Securities or the Linked Series of Securities, as applicable, will become enforceable and, if 
directed to do so by a written enforcement direction through an Extraordinary Resolution or a 
Linked Holders' Resolution (as defined in the section headed "Overview of the collateral 
arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities"), as required, the Security Trustee (subject 
to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction) or any appointed 
receiver (in respect of an English Law Charge only), will enforce such Security Interests and 
the Security Trustee will apply the proceeds thereof towards, amongst other claims against the 
Issuer, payment of your outstanding claim against the Issuer, subject to the applicable order of 
priorities (as to which, see the section headed "Overview of the collateral arrangements in 
respect of each Series of Securities"). In addition, in respect of Securities that are issued by 
JPMSP, if an Event of Default has occurred by reason of a failure to pay by the Issuer in respect 
of any Securities of (i) any Instalment Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Payment 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Redemption Amount or Settlement Amount, as applicable, 
in respect of the Securities when the same is due and payable or deliver any Reference Asset 
Amount and/or pay any Residual Cash Amount in respect of any Securities when the same is 
deliverable or make payment or delivery of any other amount in respect of any Securities when 
the same is due and payable or deliverable, as the case may be, and such failure continues for 
30 days or (ii) interest on any of the Notes or a coupon amount on any of the Certificates when 
the same is due and payable, and such failure continues for 30 days, notwithstanding any term 
to the contrary, no claims may be brought or further action may be taken against the Issuer or 
the Guarantor in respect of any amounts that may remain due and payable by the Issuer to the 
Holders in respect of the relevant Series of Securities or, if applicable, the relevant Linked Series 
of Securities until the Security Trustee (or any appointed receiver in respect of an English Law 
Charge only) has enforced the Security Interests in respect of the relevant Series of Securities 
or, if applicable, the relevant Linked Series of Securities and the proceeds thereof have been 
applied in full (as to which, see Risk Factor 10.3(A) "Risk that the Security Trustee fails to 
enforce the Security Interests or apply the proceeds of enforcement" above). 
15 
How are payments made to you? 
The Issuer will make payments of interest and principal or other amounts by paying the total 
amount payable to the clearing system(s), who will credit the appropriate amount to the account 
of each accountholder in such clearing system which holds the Securities (which may include 
your custodian), in each case, in accordance with the rules and policies of the clearing system(s). 
You must look to your custodian for payments on your Securities. The Issuer has no obligation 
to make payments directly to end investors. 
If a date specified for payment is not a business day, then the Issuer will make the relevant 
payment on the first following day that is a business day. On these occasions, the payment will 
be treated as if it were made on the original specified date for payment and will not be considered 
to be a late payment. Accordingly, the Issuer will not pay any additional interest amount for the 
postponement.

--- Page 151 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
145 
 
16 
What if the Securities are not held through a clearing system?  
For Securities not held through a clearing system, the "Holder" will be the investor shown on 
the register in the case of Securities other than German Securities or, in the case of German 
Securities, the investor evidencing its holding of the Security to the satisfaction of the relevant 
Issuer. To receive payment under the terms of the Security you will need to contact the registrar 
(in the case of Securities other than German Securities) or the Relevant Programme Agent (for 
German Securities) and present evidence of your holding of the Security. The Issuer will not 
make payments to you directly but will do so through the Relevant Programme Agents.  
17 
How are Reference Assets delivered to you? 
If the terms of the Securities specify that a Reference Asset will be delivered to you on any date 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, you may be required to complete a reference asset transfer 
notice (the form of which can be obtained from the Relevant Programme Agent) and deliver it 
to the Relevant Programme Agent. If so required, upon receipt of a completed reference asset 
transfer notice, the Issuer will procure the delivery of the Reference Asset which if practicable, 
will be made through the clearing systems or in such other commercially reasonable manner as 
the Issuer shall determine to be appropriate for such delivery and shall notify you in accordance 
with the General Conditions. The reference asset transfer notice will contain, amongst other 
things, certain representations in respect of the delivery of shares of a company (which are also 
set out in the section entitled "Purchaser representations and requirements and transfer 
restrictions" - "Representations relating to Securities that may be settled by Physical Settlement 
of Shares" of this Base Prospectus and which are deemed to have been made), a certification of 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership or, in the case of Rule 144A Securities, that the Holder is an 
eligible investor for the purposes of U.S. securities laws or, in the case of Regulation S/Rule 
144A Securities, certification of either non-U.S. beneficial ownership or that the Holder is an 
eligible investor for the purposes of U.S. securities law, as the case may be. If the reference asset 
transfer notice fails to set out the relevant representations or contain such a certification, the 
Issuer may deliver a cash amount which the Calculation Agent estimates to be the fair market 
value of the deliverable assets in lieu of the assets themselves. No reference asset transfer notice 
is required for Swiss Securities or for German Securities, save in the case of German Securities, 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify the reference asset transfer notice to be applicable. 
If the Issuer is unable to deliver the Reference Assets as a result of market disruption, it will 
deliver the deliverable assets on the day on which such disruption has ceased, and will not have 
any obligation to pay interest or other amounts to Holders to compensate them for the delay. 
The Issuer has a right, in its discretion, to settle any obligation to deliver Reference Assets where 
settlement has been disrupted by payment of a cash amount which the Calculation Agent 
estimates to be the fair market value of such Reference Assets.  
18 
When are payments made to investors? 
Each type of Security will have a different repayment date or settlement date. Securities that 
bear interest (whether accrued at a fixed or floating rate or calculated by reference to a Reference 
Asset) will also have interest payment dates.  
19 
Who calculates the amounts payable to you? 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, J.P. Morgan 
Securities LLC or J.P. Morgan SE will act as the Calculation Agent in respect of Securities, and 
in such capacity, will determine the performance levels of the Reference Asset(s) on specified 
valuation dates or, if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the occurrence or potential occurrence of a Reference Obligor Event in the case of Bond 
Linked Securities and will determine any interest amounts and the redemption amounts and/or 
physical settlement amounts payable or deliverable by the Issuer in respect of such Securities. 
In the event that a disruption event has occurred in respect of a Reference Asset on a specified 
valuation date which renders it impossible for the Calculation Agent to make a determination 
on such date, the valuation may be postponed to an alternative date in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of the Securities.

--- Page 152 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
146 
 
In the event that the performance of an Issuer's obligations under the Securities shall have 
become unlawful in whole or in part as a result of compliance in good faith by such Issuer with 
any applicable present or future applicable law or regulation, which results in the early 
redemption or termination of the Securities, the Early Payment Amount payable in respect of 
the Securities will be determined by the Calculation Agent.  
See also "Overview of the potential for discretionary determinations by the Calculation Agent 
and the Issuer" below, Risk Factor 5.1 "The Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as 
applicable) prior to their scheduled maturity for various unforeseen reasons, and in such case 
you may receive back less than your original investment and you may not be able to reinvest the 
proceeds in an equivalent investment" above and Commonly Asked Question 25 (How is the 
Early Payment Amount calculated?). 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Payment Disruption Event, Market Disruption Event, 
Potential Adjustment Event, Extraordinary Event, Additional Disruption Event, Index 
Adjustment Event, Change in Law, Fund Event, Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event, In-kind 
Redemption Proceeds Event, FX Disruption Event, Settlement Disruption Event or Reference 
Obligor Event and any other applicable event has occurred, any consequential postponement of, 
or any alternative provisions for, valuation or the obligation to pay provided in the terms and 
conditions of any Securities and/or early redemption or termination of the Securities and/or 
substitution or replacement of the Reference Asset may have an adverse effect on the value of 
such Securities. See also Risk Factor 7.1 "JPMorgan Chase as Issuer and Calculation Agent 
has authority to make discretionary determinations under the Securities" above.  
In the case of any Series of Securities where (i) the Type of Collateralisation specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms is "Static Collateral" or "Static and Margined Collateral" and (ii) either (a) 
"Bond Linked Provisions" is not specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) "Bond 
Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, but the Static 
Collateral is not comprised, in whole or in part, of the Reference Bond(s), if a Static Collateral 
Event occurs, the Early Payment Amount payable in respect of each Security will be determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
Following the occurrence of a Collateral Agreements Termination Event with respect to a Series 
of Securities and upon the Holder of any Security giving written notice to the Issuer and the 
Relevant Programme Agent requesting such Security to be redeemed early, each Security of the 
relevant Series of Securities or the Linked Series of Securities, if applicable, shall become due 
and payable in accordance with General Condition 19 (Collateral Agreements Termination 
Event) at their Early Payment Amount. Such amount payable in respect of each Security will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and if a 
Reference Obligor Event or other early redemption event occurs with respect to Bond Linked 
Securities, the Early Payment Amount payable in respect of each Security will be determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
20 
What is a "Payment Disruption Event" and what are its consequences? 
A "Payment Disruption Event" is an event which (a) prevents, restricts or delays the Issuer from 
converting or delivering relevant currencies, (b) imposes capital or exchange controls, (c) 
implements changes to laws relating to foreign investments, or (d) otherwise prohibits or 
prevents the Issuer from making a payment or performing an obligation required of it as a result 
of war, catastrophe, governmental action or other event beyond its control. Where the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Payment Disruption Event has occurred or is likely to occur, 
then the next payment or settlement or exercise date (as applicable) under the Securities may be 
postponed to a date falling 14 calendar days after the date on which the Payment Disruption 
Event is no longer occurring. Partial payments may be paid during such period (after deduction 
for any expenses). No interest shall accrue and no Event of Default will result on account of 
such postponement. In the event that a Payment Disruption Event is still continuing on the date 
which is one year after the last scheduled payment date for the Securities, then the Issuer shall, 
by giving notice to Holders in accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices), make payment

--- Page 153 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
147 
 
(in whole or in part) of the relevant amount in an equivalent amount in U.S. Dollars, and the 
Issuer shall have no further obligations whatsoever under the Securities.  
21 
Are the Calculation Agent's determinations binding on you? 
All calculations, determinations or adjustments made by the Calculation Agent shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on the Holders of the Securities. The 
Calculation Agent has discretion to make changes to the terms of your Securities if any of the 
events described in the section headed "Overview of the Potential for Discretionary 
Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer" occur. However, the Calculation Agent 
is not required to consult with Holders before making any determinations, and it is expected that 
it will not do so. In making its determinations, the Calculation Agent will take into account 
relevant market factors including, but not limited to, interest rates, the term structure of interest 
rates, spot foreign exchange rates and any other factors which the Calculation Agent may deem 
relevant. The Calculation Agent is an agent of the Issuer and not of the Holders of Securities. 
You should also be aware that the Calculation Agent is likely to be J.P. Morgan Securities plc, 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC or J.P. Morgan SE which are each affiliates of the Issuer. See 
"Conflicts of Interest" above. 
22 
Are there any fees, expenses or taxes to pay when purchasing, holding or selling Securities? 
You may incur fees and expenses in relation to the purchase, holding, transfer and sale of 
Securities. You should always be aware that stamp duties, financial transaction taxes other taxes 
may have to be paid in accordance with the current or future laws and practices of any relevant 
country (potentially including countries where the Securities are issued or transferred or where 
a counterparty is resident). You should consult your selling agent for details of fees, expenses, 
commissions or other costs payable to your selling agent, and your own tax advisors in order to 
understand fully the tax implications specific to investment in any Security.  
23 
Under what circumstances may the Securities be redeemed or terminated before their 
stated maturity? 
The Issuer has the right in certain circumstances to redeem or terminate the Securities earlier 
than the specified maturity or settlement date and repay the Holder an 'Early Payment Amount' 
(as described below) or other early redemption amount. These circumstances may include: 
• 
the exercise by the Issuer of a call option, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms (as to which, see Risk Factor 3.4 "There are risks where the Securities 
include an Issuer call option" above); 
• 
the Issuer determines that its performance under any Security has become unlawful in 
whole or in part for any reason (see General Condition 16 (Early Redemption or 
Termination for Illegality)); 
• 
in certain circumstances where the relevant Issuer determines that it will become subject 
to withholding tax on payments made to it as a result of Holders failing to provide 
information required by FATCA, there is a substantial likelihood that it will violate any 
requirement of, or an agreement entered into with a taxing authority with respect to, 
FATCA or there is a substantial likelihood that a series of Securities will be treated, for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, as being in bearer form (see General Condition 20.3 
(Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation - FATCA)); 
• 
except in the case of Belgian Securities, the occurrence of certain taxation events with 
respect to the Securities or (if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) with 
respect to the Issuer's (or its affiliates') underlying hedging transactions (see General 
Condition 20.4 (Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation – Additional 
Amounts/Underlying Hedge Transactions));  
• 
except in the case of Belgian Securities, following the occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Hedge Disruption Event (see General Condition 17 (Extraordinary Hedge Disruption

--- Page 154 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
148 
 
Event) and Commonly Asked Question 41 (What is an "Extraordinary Hedge Disruption 
Event" and what are its consequences?")); or 
• 
if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if a 
Reference Obligor Event occurs in the case of Bond Linked Securities. 
There are also other circumstances in which the Securities may be redeemed or terminated early. 
These reasons may include: 
• 
the occurrence of a mandatory early redemption event (e.g., the price or level of the 
Reference Asset rises above or falls below a pre-determined barrier level), if specified in 
the terms and conditions of the Securities; 
• 
the exercise by the Holder of a put option, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
• 
the occurrence of certain events outside of the control of the Issuer or other circumstances 
in relation to a Reference Asset at the discretion of the Calculation Agent (see the 
Reference Asset Linked Conditions); 
• 
following an Event of Default (see General Condition 15 (Events of Default)); 
• 
the occurrence of an Automatic Acceleration Event (Payment Default) (as defined in 
General Condition 15.3 (Automatic Acceleration Event));  
• 
the occurrence of an Automatic Acceleration Event (Delivery Default) (as defined in 
General Condition 15.3 (Automatic Acceleration Event)); 
• 
if (i) it would be unlawful or contradictory to any applicable licensing requirements for 
the Calculation Agent to determine the level or other value of a "benchmark" Reference 
Asset or make any other determination in respect of the Securities which it would 
otherwise be obliged to do so pursuant to the Conditions, or (ii) if the applicable 
benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such authorisation 
or registration or, if a non-EU entity, "equivalence" is not available and it is not 
recognised, then the Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity. See Risk Factor 4.3 
"Risks associated with benchmark reform and the transition to risk-free rates";  
• 
in the case of any Series of Securities where (i) the Type of Collateralisation specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is "Static Collateral" or "Static and Margined Collateral" and 
(ii) either (a) "Bond Linked Provisions" is not specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms or (b) "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, but the Static Collateral is not comprised, in whole or in part, of the Reference 
Bond(s), upon the occurrence of a Static Collateral Event (as defined in the General 
Conditions) in accordance with General Condition 18 (Static Collateral Event); or  
• 
following the occurrence of a Collateral Agreements Termination Event (as defined in 
the General Conditions) with respect to a Series of Securities, upon the Holder of any 
Security giving written notice to the Issuer and the Relevant Programme Agent 
requesting such Security to be redeemed early, whereupon each Security of the relevant 
Series of Securities or the Linked Series of Securities, if applicable, shall become due 
and payable in accordance with General Condition 19 (Collateral Agreements 
Termination Event). 
The Early Payment Amount may be less than the original purchase price of the Securities. See 
Risk Factor 5.1 "The Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior to their 
scheduled maturity for various unforeseen reasons, and in such case you may receive back less 
than your original investment and you may not be able to reinvest the proceeds in an equivalent 
investment" above and Commonly Asked Question 25 (How is the Early Payment Amount 
calculated?) below.

--- Page 155 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
149 
 
For some Securities, the Issuer's right to repay the Securities can be exercised at any time or the 
Issuer may repay the Securities on the occurrence of a specified trigger event. 
24 
Are there any other circumstances in which your Securities may become repayable prior 
to maturity? 
You will have the right to require the Issuer to redeem your Securities if an event of default has 
occurred and is continuing in respect of a Series of Securities, subject to the event of default 
continuing over a certain minimum number of days and the other requirements of General 
Condition 15 (Events of Default).  
In the case of an event of default which is continuing in respect of a Series of Securities, except 
in the case where all Securities have already become due and payable, the Holder of any Security 
of such Series of Securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder of any Security 
of such Series of Securities in respect of which an event of default has not occurred) may give 
written notice to the relevant Issuer and the Relevant Programme Agent declaring such Security 
to be due and payable. This means you will have the right to require the Issuer to redeem your 
Securities even if an event of default occurs and is continuing in respect of another Security of 
the same Series of Securities. 
In addition: 
(a) 
upon the occurrence of an Automatic Acceleration Event (Payment Default) (as defined 
in General Condition 15.3 (Automatic Acceleration Event) with respect to a Security, all 
remaining Securities of the Series of Securities (where they are not already due and 
payable) and any Linked Series of Securities to which such Security relates shall become 
due and payable (i) if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as not applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, immediately and (ii) if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, on the Reference Bond Linked Redemption Date 
in respect of such Securities at their respective Early Payment Amount (as defined in 
General Condition 15.2 (Consequences of an Event of Default)); and 
(b) 
upon the occurrence of an Automatic Acceleration Event (Delivery Default) (as defined 
in General Condition 15.3 (Automatic Acceleration Event) with respect to a Security, all 
Securities of the Series of Securities and any Linked Series of Securities to which such 
Security relates shall become due and payable immediately at their respective Early 
Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 15.2 (Consequences of an Event of 
Default)), 
in each case, without further requirement for a written notice to be given by the Holder. This 
means your Securities may automatically become repayable prior to maturity if another Security 
in the Series of Securities or Linked Series of Securities to which such Security relates (as 
applicable) suffers a failure to pay or deliver certain amounts in accordance with General 
Condition 15.3 (Automatic Acceleration Event). 
25 
How is the Early Payment Amount calculated?  
Where the Securities are not Belgian Securities 
(a) 
In the case of Securities that are not Bond Linked Securities, the Early Payment Amount 
is determined on the second Business Day immediately preceding the due date for the 
early redemption or settlement of the Securities. Save where the terms of the Securities 
or the relevant Issue Terms otherwise provide, the Early Payment Amount in respect of 
each Security (that has not already become due and payable) of a particular Series 
represents that Security's pro rata portion of the fair market value of such Securities, 
determined using JPMorgan Chase's internal models and methodologies by reference to 
such factors as the Calculation Agent may consider to be appropriate including, without 
limitation: 
 
if the early redemption results from an event which will cause the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities to be or to become illegal:

--- Page 156 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
150 
 
• 
market prices or values for the underlying(s) and other relevant economic 
variables (such as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the 
relevant time taking into account the bid or offer prices of the 
underlying(s) (as relevant); 
• 
the remaining term of the Securities had they remained outstanding to 
scheduled maturity or expiry and/or any scheduled early redemption; 
• 
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption or cancellation 
amount which would have been payable had the Securities remained 
outstanding to scheduled maturity or expiry and/or any scheduled early 
redemption or exercise date; 
• 
if applicable, accrued interest; 
• 
internal pricing models;  
• 
prices at which other market participants might bid for securities similar 
to the Securities; and  
• 
any other information which the Calculation Agent considers to be 
relevant (but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption),  
 
if the early redemption results from: 
(A) 
external events which affect the Issuer's hedging arrangements (such as 
Change in law, Change in law-Increased Cost, Hedging Disruption, 
Insolvency Filing or Commodity Hedging Disruption Event (in each case, 
where applicable in respect of the relevant Securities));  
(B) 
an event which will cause the Issuer's obligations under its hedging 
arrangements related to the Securities to be or to become illegal (such as 
an Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions Event, Extraordinary Hedge Bail-In 
Event and Extraordinary Hedge Currency Disruption Event (in each case, 
if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms)); 
(C) 
external events which affect the Reference Asset(s) (such as Potential 
Adjustment Events, Extraordinary Events, Successor Index Event (ETF), 
Successor to a Commodity Reference Price, Successor Index Sponsor or 
Successor Index, Index Adjustment Events or Commodity Index 
Adjustment Events, Successor Currency, Rebasing of Securities, Fund 
Events and Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and/or In-kind 
Redemption Proceeds Event);  
(D) 
in the case of any Series of Securities where (i) the Type of 
Collateralisation specified in the relevant Issue Terms is "Static Collateral" 
or "Static and Margined Collateral" and (ii) either (a) "Bond Linked 
Provisions" is not specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) 
"Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, but the Static Collateral is not comprised, in whole or in part, of 
the Reference Bond(s), the occurrence of a Static Collateral Event (as 
defined in the General Conditions) in accordance with General Condition 
18 (Static Collateral Event); or 
(E) 
the occurrence of a Collateral Agreements Termination Event (as defined 
in the General Conditions) with respect to a Series of Securities and upon 
the Holder of any Security giving written notice to the Issuer and the 
Relevant Programme Agent requesting such Security to be redeemed 
early, whereupon each Security of the relevant Series of Securities or the 
Linked Series of Securities, if applicable, shall become due and payable in

--- Page 157 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
151 
 
accordance with General Condition 19 (Collateral Agreements 
Termination Event): 
(a) 
market prices or values for the underlying(s) and other relevant 
economic variables (such as interest rates and, if applicable, 
exchange rates) at the relevant time taking into account the bid or 
offer prices of the underlying(s) (as relevant); 
(b) 
the remaining term of the Securities had they remained outstanding 
to scheduled maturity or expiry and/or any scheduled early 
redemption; 
(c) 
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption or 
cancellation amount which would have been payable had the 
Securities remained outstanding to scheduled maturity or expiry 
and/or any scheduled early redemption or exercise date; 
(d) 
if applicable, accrued interest; 
(e) 
internal pricing models; 
(f) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for securities 
similar to the Securities; and 
(g) 
any other information which the Calculation Agent considers to be 
relevant.  
(b) 
In the case of Securities that are Bond Linked Securities, the Early Payment Amount in 
respect of each Security (that has not already become due and payable) of a particular 
Series represents, save where the terms of the Securities or the relevant Issue Terms 
otherwise provide and subject to a minimum of zero, that Security's pro rata share of the 
fair market value of the Reference Bond Notional Amount (which, if the Calculation 
Agent is unable to obtain a bid for the Reference Bond from a dealer in obligations of 
the type of the Reference Bond on the Early Payment Valuation Date, may be deemed to 
be zero in accordance with the Calculation Agent's internal models and methodologies) 
plus the fair market value of the Hypothetical Derivative for the first counterparty (who, 
under the terms of the Hypothetical Derivative, makes payment to the other counterparty 
of amounts equal to the payments of principal and interest that are scheduled to be paid 
by the Reference Obligor specified in the relevant Issue Terms on an aggregate amount 
of the Reference Bond equal to the Reference Bond Notional Amount) if the value would 
be positive for such counterparty or minus the absolute value of the fair market value of 
the Hypothetical Derivative for such counterparty if the value would be negative for such 
counterparty, in each case valued on the Early Payment Valuation Date and determined, 
in each case, using its internal models and methodologies by reference to such factors as 
the Calculation Agent may consider to be appropriate including, without limitation: 
 
if the early redemption results from an event which will cause the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities to be or to become illegal:  
• 
market prices or values for the Reference Bond, interest rate swaps, cross-
currency swaps and any other relevant economic variables (such as interest 
rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time taking into 
account the bid or offer prices of the underlying(s) (as relevant) in respect 
of the Hypothetical Derivative; 
• 
the remaining term of the Hypothetical Derivative and the Reference Bond 
had either or both remained outstanding until scheduled termination or 
scheduled maturity or expiry and/or any scheduled early redemption or 
exercise date; 
• 
if applicable, accrued interest;

--- Page 158 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
152 
 
• 
internal pricing models; 
• 
prices at which other market participants may bid for financial contracts 
or instruments which are the same as, or similar to, the Hypothetical 
Derivative and the Reference Bond; and 
• 
any other information which the Calculation Agent considers to be 
relevant (but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption), 
 
if the early redemption results from: 
(A) 
external events which affect the Issuer's hedging arrangements (such as 
Change in law, Change in law-Increased Cost, Hedging Disruption, 
Insolvency Filing or Commodity Hedging Disruption Event);  
(B) 
an event which will cause the Issuer's obligations under its hedging 
arrangements related to the Securities to be or to become illegal (such as 
an Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions Event, Extraordinary Hedge Bail-In 
Event and Extraordinary Hedge Currency Disruption Event); 
(C) 
external events which affect the Reference Asset(s) (such as Potential 
Adjustment Events, Extraordinary Events, Successor Index Event (ETF), 
Successor to a Commodity Reference Price, Successor Index Sponsor or 
Successor Index, Index Adjustment Events or Commodity Index 
Adjustment Events, Successor Currency, Rebasing of Securities, Fund 
Events and Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and/or In-kind 
Redemption Proceeds Event);  
(D) 
in the case of any Series of Securities where (i) the Type of 
Collateralisation specified in the relevant Issue Terms is "Static Collateral" 
or "Static and Margined Collateral" and (ii) either (a) "Bond Linked 
Provisions" is not specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) 
"Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, but the Static Collateral is not comprised, in whole or in part, of 
the Reference Bond(s), the occurrence of a Static Collateral Event (as 
defined in the General Conditions) in accordance with General Condition 
18 (Static Collateral Event);  
(E) 
the occurrence of a Collateral Agreements Termination Event (as defined 
in the General Conditions) with respect to a Series of Securities and upon 
the Holder of any Security giving written notice to the Issuer and the 
Relevant Programme Agent requesting such Security to be redeemed 
early, whereupon each Security of the relevant Series of Securities or the 
Linked Series of Securities, if applicable, shall become due and payable in 
accordance with General Condition 19 (Collateral Agreements 
Termination Event); or 
(F) 
the occurrence of a Reference Obligor Event, in accordance with the Bond 
Linked Provisions: 
• 
market prices or values for the Reference Bond, interest rate swaps, 
cross-currency swaps and any other relevant economic variables 
(such as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the 
relevant time taking into account the bid or offer prices of the 
underlying(s) (as relevant) in respect of the Hypothetical 
Derivative; 
• 
the remaining term of the Hypothetical Derivative and the 
Reference Bond had either or both remained outstanding until 
scheduled termination or scheduled maturity or expiry and/or any 
scheduled early redemption or exercise date;

--- Page 159 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
153 
 
• 
if applicable, accrued interest; 
• 
internal pricing models; 
• 
prices at which other market participants may bid for financial 
contracts or instruments which are the same as, or similar to, the 
Hypothetical Derivative and the Reference Bond; and 
• 
any other information which the Calculation Agent considers to be 
relevant. 
(c) 
If early redemption results from an Event of Default (as defined in General Condition 
15.1 (Occurrence of Event of Default)), the Early Payment Amount due and payable in 
respect of such Security (including Bond Linked Securities) shall be, in respect of: 
 
each Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount (as defined in General 
Condition 37.1 (Definitions)), the greater of (I) the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and (II) Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early 
Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 as specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms calculated in respect of the Acceleration Date (as defined 
in General Condition 15.2 (Consequences of an Event of Default)); and 
 
each Security that does not have a Minimum Redemption Amount, Early Payment 
Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment 
Amount 4, as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms calculated in 
respect of the Acceleration Date (as defined in General Condition 15.2 
(Consequences of an Event of Default)),  
in each case provided that any change in the credit worthiness of the relevant Issuer 
and Guarantor (if applicable) since the Issue Date of the Securities shall be disregarded 
in determining the amount. 
(d) 
If early redemption results from an Automatic Acceleration Event (Payment Default) (as 
defined in General Condition 15.3 (Automatic Acceleration Event)) with respect to a 
Security, the Early Payment Amount due and payable in respect of all remaining 
Securities of the Series of Securities (where they are not already due and payable) and 
any Linked Series of Securities to which such Security relates, shall become due and 
payable (i) if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as not applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, immediately and (ii) if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, on the Reference Bond Linked Redemption Date in respect 
of such Securities at their following respective amounts: 
 
in respect of each Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount (as defined 
in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions)), the greater of (I) the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and (II) Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 
2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 as specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
 
in respect of each Security that does not have a Minimum Redemption Amount, 
Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or 
Early Payment Amount 4, as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, 
in each case provided that any change in the credit worthiness of the relevant Issuer and 
Guarantor (if applicable) since the Issue Date of the Securities shall be disregarded in 
determining the amount. 
(e) 
If early redemption results from an Automatic Acceleration Event (Delivery Default) (as 
defined in General Condition 15.3 (Automatic Acceleration Event)) with respect to a 
Security, the Early Payment Amount due and payable in respect of all Securities of the 
Series of Securities and any Linked Series of Securities to which such Security relates, 
shall become due and payable immediately at their following respective amounts:

--- Page 160 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
154 
 
 
in respect of each Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount (as defined 
in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions)), the greater of (I) the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and (II) Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 
2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 as specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
 
in respect of each Security that does not have a Minimum Redemption Amount, 
Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or 
Early Payment Amount 4, as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, 
in each case provided that any change in the credit worthiness of the relevant Issuer and 
Guarantor (if applicable) since the Issue Date of the Securities shall be disregarded in 
determining the amount. 
(f) 
In the case of Securities that are Bond Linked Securities: 
For the purposes of determining the Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 
4 payable in connection with an Event of Default, an Automatic Acceleration Event 
(Payment Default) (as defined in General Condition 15.3 (Automatic Acceleration Event) 
or an Automatic Acceleration Event (Delivery Default) (as defined in General Condition 
15.3 (Automatic Acceleration Event), the Hypothetical Derivative shall be valued on the 
basis that: 
 
Counterparty A is deemed to be a recognised dealer in the relevant derivatives 
market that is performing its obligations under its derivatives; and  
 
the fair market value of the Hypothetical Derivative shall seek to assess either (X) 
the losses and/or costs of Counterparty A that are, or would be, incurred under the 
prevailing circumstances (such fair market value to be expressed as a negative 
number) or (Y) the gains of Counterparty A that are, or would be, realised under 
the prevailing circumstances (such fair market value to be expressed as a positive 
number), in replacing or in providing for Counterparty A the economic equivalent 
of the material terms of the Hypothetical Derivative (assuming that no party has 
defaulted under the Hypothetical Derivative). 
For the purposes of determining the Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 
4 payable in any other circumstances, the Hypothetical Derivative shall be valued on the 
basis that: 
(A) 
Counterparty B is deemed to be JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or such other party 
as may be specified as the "Hypothetical Credit Reference" in the relevant Issue 
Terms; and  
(B) 
the fair market value of the Hypothetical Derivative shall seek to assess either (X) 
the losses and/or costs of Counterparty B that are, or would be, incurred under the 
prevailing circumstances (such fair market value to be expressed as a negative 
number) or (Y) the gains of Counterparty B that are, or would be, realised under 
the prevailing circumstances (such fair market value to be expressed as a positive 
number), in replacing or in providing for Counterparty B the economic equivalent 
of the material terms of the Hypothetical Derivative (assuming that no party has 
defaulted under the Hypothetical Derivative). 
For the purposes of determining the Early Payment Amount 3, any losses and/or costs of 
Counterparty B shall be treated as gains of Counterparty A and vice versa. 
(g) 
Further, if the relevant Issue Terms specify the Early Payment Amount as "Early 
Payment Amount 2" or "Early Payment Amount 4", the amount determined in 
accordance with paragraph 25(a) or 25(b) above, as applicable, may be adjusted to 
account for all costs incurred by the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity in connection with 
the early redemption or settlement, including, without limitation, any costs to the Issuer

--- Page 161 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
155 
 
and/or the Hedging Entity associated with unwinding any funding relating to the 
Securities or related underlying hedge transactions, and all other related expenses. 
Where the Securities are Belgian Securities 
(a) 
If early redemption results from an Event of Default (as defined in General Condition 
15.1 (Occurrence of Event of Default)), the Early Payment Amount due and payable in 
respect of such Security shall be, in respect of: 
 
each Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount (as defined in General 
Condition 37.1 (Definitions)), the greater of (I) the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and (II) the Fair Market Value calculated in respect of the Acceleration 
Date (as defined in General Condition 15.2 (Consequences of an Event of 
Default)), provided that the Calculation Agent shall disregard any change in the 
credit worthiness of the relevant Issuer and Guarantor (if applicable) since the 
Issue Date of the Securities in its determination of such amount; and 
 
each Security that does not have a Minimum Redemption Amount, the Fair 
Market Value calculated in respect of the Acceleration Date provided that the 
Calculation Agent shall disregard any change in the credit worthiness of the 
relevant Issuer and Guarantor (if applicable) since the Issue Date of the Securities 
in its determination of such amount. 
(b) 
If early redemption results from a Termination Event (as defined in General Condition 
16 (Early Redemption or Termination for Illegality)), the Early Payment Amount due 
and payable in respect of such Security shall be, in respect of: 
 
a Termination Event (Impossible Performance), the Fair Market Value; and 
 
a Termination Event (Possible Performance), and: 
(A) 
each Security that does not have a Minimum Redemption Amount, the Fair 
Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement; and 
(B) 
each Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount, then the Issuer 
shall determine whether to redeem the Securities through either (A) 
payment of the Best of Amount or (B) application of the Monetisation with 
Holder Put Option, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
26 
Can the Issuer amend the conditions of Securities once they have been issued without your 
consent? 
Yes, under certain circumstances described below. 
The terms and conditions of Securities other than French Securities and German Securities may 
be amended by the Issuer with the approval of the Calculation Agent but without the consent of 
the Holders (subject as provided above) if the amendment:  
• 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or  
• 
is made to cure a manifest or proven error; or  
• 
is made to cure any ambiguity, or is made to correct or supplement any defective 
provisions of the Securities; or  
• 
is made to correct an error or omission such that, in the absence of such correction, the 
terms of the Securities would not otherwise represent the intended terms of the Securities 
on which the Securities were sold and have since traded; or  
• 
will not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Holders.

--- Page 162 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
156 
 
In addition, other changes may be made to the terms and conditions with the consent of the 
Holders of the Securities (other than French Securities and German Securities). In order to make 
such changes, the Issuer requires the consent of up to 75 per cent. of Holders. If the amendment 
is approved, any dissenting Holders will be bound by such changes. Therefore the Issuer may 
be able to make a change which you have voted against if up to 75 per cent. or more of Holders 
have approved the change.  
French Notes may only be amended following consent of two-thirds of Holders and French 
Securities other than French Notes may only be amended following consent of a majority of 
Holders, in each case at a meeting of Holders or a written decision of Holders.  
In respect of French Notes which have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or 
its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or which can be traded in amounts 
of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), the 
Issuer may amend the Conditions of the Securities without the consent of the Holders to correct 
a manifest error. 
In the case of German Securities, the terms and conditions of the Securities may be amended by 
the Issuer without the consent of the Holders, if the amendment is to correct any manifest clerical 
or calculation errors or similar manifest incorrectness. In addition, the Issuer, may without the 
consent of the Holders, amend or supplement at its reasonable discretion any contradictory or 
incomplete provisions of the terms and conditions of the Securities, provided that such 
amendments are reasonably acceptable to the Holder. See General Condition 28.1(b) 
(Modification of German Securities without Holder consent). 
Furthermore, the Holders may agree to amendments to the terms and conditions of the Securities 
with regard to matters permitted by the German Bond Act of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) 
by resolution with the majority specified in General Condition 28.1(e)(ii) proposed by the Issuer. 
Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. See General Condition 28.1(e) 
(Modification of German Securities with Holder consent). 
In all other cases, the terms and conditions of German Securities can only be amended with the 
consent of all of the Holders of such Securities. 
Following the occurrence of certain events, the Calculation Agent, on behalf of the Issuer, may 
be entitled to amend the terms and conditions of Securities without requiring the consent of the 
Holders of such Securities. Typically, such events will have affected the composition, or 
calculation, of the Reference Asset(s) to such an extent that the Calculation Agent could not 
make any adjustment to account for the economic effect on the Securities without amending the 
terms and conditions of the Securities. See Commonly Asked Question 27 (What are Share 
Linked Securities?), Commonly Asked Question 31 (What are Index Linked Securities?), 
Commonly Asked Question 33 (What are Commodity Linked Securities?), Commonly Asked 
Question 35 (What are the FX Linked Securities?) and Commonly Asked Question 37 (What 
are Credit Linked Securities?) below. 
27 
What are Share Linked Securities? 
Amounts payable or assets deliverable in respect of some Securities, as indicated in the relevant 
Issue Terms, will be calculated by reference to the performance of a share or a basket of shares 
(or one or more global depositary receipts or shares of exchange traded funds) over a fixed 
period of time or on fixed dates. Such Securities are known as Share Linked Securities. The 
shares of companies or exchange traded funds that are referenced by such Securities are likely 
to be traded on a stock exchange and the prices of such shares may be published on recognised 
information services, for example, Bloomberg or Refinitv screens or on the website of the share 
issuer or exchange traded fund, in which case you will be able to monitor the relevant share 
prices during the life of the Share Linked Securities. 
28 
What are the Share Linked Provisions? 
The Share Linked Provisions deal with how the payments related to Share Linked Securities are 
calculated and the consequences following the occurrence of (a) a disruption event which results

--- Page 163 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
157 
 
in the Calculation Agent not being able to obtain a tradable price for a share on a day which it 
is required to do so in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Share Linked Securities, 
(b) an adjustment event which has a diluting or concentrative effect on the price of a share, for 
example, a free distribution or dividend to existing holders, (c) an extraordinary event relating 
to a share (including a global depositary receipt or a share of an exchange traded fund), for 
example, a merger event, delisting or insolvency, (d) for a share of an exchange traded fund and 
if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an extraordinary event relating to the share (for example, 
a failure to publish the net asset value for more than a short period and/or which is non-
temporary in nature and has a material effect on the Share Linked Securities, or a permanent 
cancellation or material modification of the index underlying the exchange traded fund) or (e) 
for a share of an exchange traded fund and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, a successor 
index event (ETF), whereby the index underlying the exchange traded fund is either calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor or replaced by a successor index using the same or 
substantially similar calculation formula and method as the index.  
Examples of disruption events include (but are not limited to) (i) a suspension or limitation of 
trading relating to the share, (ii) a disruption or impairment of the ability of market participants 
to effect transactions or obtain values for shares on the exchange on which the shares are listed, 
(iii) a non-scheduled early closure of the exchange, for example as a result of an IT problem or 
(iv) for a share of an exchange traded fund and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, a 
temporary failure to publish the net asset value which has a material effect on the Share Linked 
Securities.  
Adjustment provisions in the Share Linked Provisions allow the Calculation Agent to amend 
the terms and conditions of the Share Linked Securities so that they continue to produce a 
commercially reasonable result. In certain circumstances following the occurrence of such 
events, the Share Linked Securities will be redeemed (see Commonly Asked Question 23 
(Under what circumstances may the Securities be redeemed or terminated before their stated 
maturity?) above). 
29 
What are Bond Linked Securities? 
Bond Linked Securities are any Securities in respect of which the "Bond Linked Provisions" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. If (i) "Bond Linked Provisions" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and (ii) a "Reference Obligor Event" (as 
described below) or other early redemption event occurs, the Early Payment Amount payable 
in respect of each Security will be dependent on the value of the Reference Bond specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms and a hypothetical derivative. 
The hypothetical derivative transaction is between two financial counterparties under which (a) 
the first counterparty makes payment to the other counterparty of amounts equal to the payments 
of principal and interest that are scheduled to be paid by the Reference Obligor specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms on an aggregate amount of the Reference Bond equal to the Reference 
Bond Notional Amount (as defined in the Bond Linked Provisions) and (b) the other 
counterparty makes payment to the first counterparty of certain amounts scheduled to be paid 
and/or deliverable by the Issuer on the Securities Outstanding Nominal Amount (as defined in 
the General Conditions) of the Securities (a "Hypothetical Derivative"). 
30 
What are the Bond Linked Provisions? 
The Bond Linked Provisions set out the "Reference Obligor Events" which are applicable to 
Bond Linked Securities. Such Reference Obligor Events include the occurrence of each of one 
or more of the following: (a) Reference Obligor Acceleration; (b) Reference Obligor Default; 
(c) Reference Obligor Failure to Pay; (d) Reference Obligor Governmental Intervention; (e) 
Reference Obligor ISDA Event; (f) Reference Obligor Bankruptcy; (g) Reference Obligor 
Repudiation/Moratorium; (h) Reference Obligor Restructuring; and (i) Reference Bond Early 
Redemption (each as defined in the Bond Linked Provisions). 
If "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and a 
Reference Obligor Event or other early redemption event occurs, the Early Payment Amount

--- Page 164 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
158 
 
payable in respect of each Security and is calculated based on the value of the Reference Bond 
and a Hypothetical Derivative.  
31 
What are Index Linked Securities? 
Amounts payable or assets deliverable in respect of some Securities, as indicated in the relevant 
Issue Terms, will be calculated by reference to the performance of an index or a basket of indices 
over a fixed period of time or on fixed dates. Such Securities are known as Index Linked 
Securities.  
A share-based index is a synthetic portfolio of shares representing a particular market or portion 
of it and each such index has its own calculation methodology and is usually expressed in terms 
of a change from a base value.  
There are two types of such share-based indices that are referenced by Index Linked Securities: 
(a) a unitary index, where the underlying shares are deemed to trade on a single stock exchange 
and the level of such index is published on a recognised information service; and (b) a multi-
exchange index, where the underlying shares are deemed to trade on more than one stock 
exchange and the level of such index is published on a recognised information service.  
Unless the Securities are Exempt Securities, the index or basket of indices will not include an 
index composed by the Issuer or any legal entity belonging to the group of the Issuer. 
32 
What are the Index Linked Provisions? 
The Index Linked Provisions deal with how the payments related to Index Linked Securities are 
calculated and the consequences following the occurrence of (a) a disrupted day or a disruption 
event with respect to an index which results in the Calculation Agent not being able to obtain a 
tradable level for an index on a day which it is required to do so in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of the Index Linked Securities or (b) an adjustment event with respect to an 
index.  
A disrupted day has a different meaning for each type of index: (i) in respect of a unitary index, 
a day on which the exchange on which the underlying shares trade and the related exchange (on 
which trading in futures or options contracts related to such index) is scheduled to be open for 
trading but fails to open or a day on which a disruption event has occurred and (ii) in respect of 
a multi-exchange index, a day on which the index sponsor fails to publish the index level or the 
related exchange (on which trading in futures or options contracts related to such index) fails to 
open or a day on which a disruption event has occurred.  
Examples of disruption events in respect of a unitary index and a multi-exchange index include 
(but are not limited to) (A) a suspension or limitation of trading relating to the shares that 
comprise 20 per cent. of the index, (B) a disruption or impairment of the ability of market 
participants to effect transactions or obtain tradable values for shares that comprise 20 per cent. 
of the index on the exchanges on which such shares are listed or (C) a non-scheduled early 
closure of the exchanges in respect of shares that comprise 20 per cent. of the index, for example 
as a result of a technology problem. 
Examples of index adjustment events include (but are not limited to) (I) the cancellation and 
non-replacement of an index, (II) the failure to publish the index level, and (III) a non-scheduled 
material modification to the formula for, or calculation of, the index. 
Where the Securities are not Belgian Securities, adjustment provisions in the Index Linked 
Provision allow the Calculation Agent to amend the terms and conditions of the Index Linked 
Securities so that they continue to produce a commercially reasonable result.  
Where the Securities are Belgian Securities, adjustment provisions in the Index Linked 
Provision allow the Calculation Agent to amend the terms and conditions of the Index Linked 
Securities in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner so that they continue to 
produce a commercially reasonable result and in order to preserve the original economic 
rationale and objective of the Securities.

--- Page 165 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
159 
 
In certain circumstances following the occurrence of such events, the Index Linked Securities 
will be redeemed (see Commonly Asked Question 23 (Under what circumstances may the 
Securities be redeemed or terminated before their stated maturity?) above). 
33 
What are Commodity Linked Securities? 
Amounts payable or assets deliverable in respect of some Securities, as indicated in the relevant 
Issue Terms, will be calculated by reference to the performance of a commodity, or a basket of 
commodities, a commodity index or a basket of commodity indices over a fixed period of time 
or on fixed dates. Such Securities are known as Commodity Linked Securities. 
Commodities (including contracts that provide for physical settlement or are based on the price 
of a deliverable commodity) and commodity indices are generally divided into four main 
classes: (a) energy, which includes crude oil, gasoline, heating oil and natural gas; (b) 
agricultural produce, which includes corn, soybeans, soybean oil, wheat, sugar, cocoa, cotton 
and coffee; (c) livestock, which includes cattle and lean hogs; and (d) metals, which can be 
subdivided into base metals such as aluminium, copper, nickel, lead and zinc, and precious 
metals such as gold, silver and platinum. 
A commodity index is generally a synthetic production-weighted basket of commodity futures 
contracts that satisfy specified criteria and is designed to be a liquid and diversified benchmark 
for such commodities. Each commodity index has its own composition and calculation 
methodology and is usually expressed in terms of a change from a base value. 
34 
What are the Commodity Linked Provisions? 
The Commodity Linked Provisions deal with how the payments related to Commodity Linked 
Securities are calculated and the consequences following the occurrence of (a) a disruption event 
with respect to a commodity or commodity index which results in the Calculation Agent not 
being able to obtain a price for a commodity or a level for a commodity index on a day which 
it is required to do so in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Commodity Linked 
Securities or (b) an adjustment event with respect to a commodity index. 
Examples of disruption events in respect of commodities include (but are not limited to) (i) the 
disappearance of trading in, or the price of, the commodity, (ii) a material change in the content 
or calculation formula of the commodity, (iii) the failure to publish the price of the commodity, 
(iv) the material suspension of or limitation on, trading in the commodity, and (v) the imposition 
of tax on the commodity. 
Examples of disruption events in respect of commodity indices include (but are not limited to) 
(A) a material limitation, suspension or disruption of trading in one or more futures contracts 
included in the commodity index, (B) the closing price of a futures contract included in the 
commodity index exceeds or falls below the exchange's permitted price limits and (C) the failure 
to publish a price of a futures contract included in the commodity index. 
Examples of commodity index adjustment events include (but are not limited to) (I) the 
cancellation and non-replacement of a commodity index, (II) the failure to publish the index 
level and (III) a non-scheduled material modification to the formula for, or calculation of, the 
commodity index. 
Adjustment provisions in the Commodity Linked Provisions allow the Calculation Agent to 
amend the terms and conditions of the Commodity Linked Securities so that they continue to 
produce a commercially reasonable result following the occurrence of commodity index 
adjustment events. In certain circumstances following the occurrence of such events, the 
Commodity Linked Securities will be redeemed (see Commonly Asked Question 23 (Under 
what circumstances may the Securities be redeemed or terminated before their stated maturity?) 
above). 
35 
What are FX Linked Securities? 
Amounts payable in respect of some Securities, as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms, will be 
calculated by reference to the performance of a foreign exchange rate or a basket of foreign

--- Page 166 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
160 
 
exchange rates over a fixed period of time or on fixed dates. Such Securities are known as FX 
Linked Securities. Foreign exchange rates indicate the relationship between one specified 
currency and another currency. The values of such foreign exchange rates are published by 
recognised information services or are determined by central banks. 
36 
What are the FX Linked Provisions? 
The relevant Issue Terms may specify that the FX Linked Provisions are applicable where 
payments under the Securities will be made in a currency which is different from the currency 
of the Reference Asset(s) to which the Securities are linked. The terms and conditions of the 
Securities may provide that amounts payable in respect of the Securities will be calculated by 
reference to the value of the foreign exchange rate(s) between the currency of the Reference 
Asset(s) and the currency in which such amounts are payable on a specified date.  
Foreign exchange rates indicate the relationship between one specified currency and another 
currency. The values of such foreign exchange rates are published by recognised information 
services or are determined by central banks. The FX Linked Provisions deal with how values of 
such foreign exchange rates are obtained and/or calculated and the consequences following the 
occurrence of a disruption event with respect to an exchange rate which results in the Calculation 
Agent not being able to obtain an exchange rate on a day which it is required to do so or to 
actually convert one relevant currency into another in accordance with the terms and conditions 
of the Securities.  
Examples of disruption events include (a) the occurrence of an event which means it becomes 
impossible to obtain the exchange rate and (b) the occurrence of an event which affects the 
convertibility of a reference currency into the base currency. 
Adjustment provisions in the FX Linked Provisions allow the Calculation Agent to amend the 
terms and conditions of the Securities so that they continue to produce a commercially 
reasonable result. In certain circumstances following the occurrence of such events, the 
Securities will be redeemed (see Commonly Asked Question 23 (Under what circumstances 
may the Securities be redeemed or terminated before their stated maturity?) above). 
37 
What are Credit Linked Securities? 
Credit Linked Securities are Notes in respect of which the amount payable at maturity and the 
amount payable on each interest payment date (if any) are linked to the credit risk of either a 
single corporate or sovereign entity or its successors, or a basket of such entities comprising a 
Credit Index (in each case, each a "Reference Entity"). In exchange for a higher rate of interest 
or other return on the Credit Linked Securities in the absence of a Credit Event in the relevant 
'on-risk period', investors take the risk that the amount which they receive at maturity will be 
less than the face value of the Credit Linked Security and the amount of interest they receive 
may be reduced if the Reference Entity (or, in the case of Credit Linked Securities linked to a 
Credit Index and subject to the terms and conditions of the Securities, one or more Reference 
Entity(ies)) has, amongst other similar things, become insolvent or defaulted on its obligations.  
The insolvency or default of a Reference Entity (or, where applicable, other events such as the 
restructuring of debt liabilities, the declaration of a moratorium on payments or the imposition 
by a governmental authority of reductions in debt liabilities) is referred to as a "Credit Event" 
having occurred (see Commonly Asked Question 38(f) (What is a Credit Event?) below). If a 
Credit Event has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity to which your Credit Linked 
Securities are linked, and, as a result, an Event Determination Date under the terms and 
conditions of the Securities occurs in relation to such Reference Entity, you will receive a 
reduced percentage (which may be zero) of the face value of each Credit Linked Security you 
hold calculated by reference to the recovery rate achieved by creditors of the Reference Entity, 
and, in respect of Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index, also the weighting of such 
Reference Entity in the Credit Index (or, if "Zero Recovery" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, you will suffer a loss of your entire principal (or, in respect of Credit 
Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index, a proportion of your principal corresponding to the 
weighting of such Reference Entity in the Credit Index)).

--- Page 167 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
161 
 
38 
What are the Credit Linked Provisions? 
For the purposes of this Commonly Asked Question 38, terms used but not defined in the Base 
Prospectus shall have the meaning given to them in the applicable Credit Linked Provisions. 
The Credit Linked Provisions deal with how the payments relating to Credit Linked Securities 
are calculated and the consequences following a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity 
(or, in respect of Credit Linked Securities linked a Credit Index, any Reference Entity 
comprising the Credit Index). In purchasing the Securities, you are assuming credit risk 
exposure to such Reference Entity or Reference Entities (as applicable).  
Following the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to any such Reference Entity and 
an Event Determination Date under the terms and conditions of the Securities, you may 
lose some or all of your investment in the Securities.  
Subject to the Security Interests granted by the Collateral Provider in respect of the Series of 
Securities or the Linked Series of Securities, as applicable, the Securities are also subject to the 
credit risk of the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor (see Commonly Asked 
Question 6 (Are the market value and interest and amounts payable or deliverable in respect of 
your Securities subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if 
applicable)?) above). 
(a) 
What is credit risk?  
Credit risk is the risk that a Reference Entity fails to perform its obligations under a 
transaction or in respect of a debt obligation (including loan agreements entered into or 
guaranteed by the Reference Entity and securities issued or guaranteed by the Reference 
Entity), when those obligations are due to be performed. This is generally (but not 
exclusively) as a result of a deterioration in its financial condition.  
By investing in the Securities, you will be a seller of credit protection (and hence a buyer 
of credit risk), whilst the Issuer will be a buyer of credit protection (and therefore a seller 
of credit risk).  
(b) 
What is the difference between a Credit Linked Security and a bond issued by a 
Reference Entity? 
A Credit Linked Security gives you exposure to the credit risk of a Reference Entity 
without having to own a bond or other type of debt obligation of such Reference Entity. 
The Reference Entity itself is not (or, in the case of Credit Linked Securities linked to a 
Credit Index, the Reference Entities themselves are not), a party to and has no direct 
involvement in the Credit Linked Security and you will not be able to claim against a 
Reference Entity for any losses you suffer as a result of a Credit Event of a Reference 
Entity. You will have no interest in or rights under any obligation of a Reference Entity. 
An investment in the Securities is not equivalent to an investment in the obligations of a 
Reference Entity. 
The Issuer is not obliged to hold any obligation of a Reference Entity or otherwise have 
credit risk exposure to a Reference Entity.  
In addition to the credit risk of the relevant Reference Entity or Reference Entities, as 
applicable, to which the Securities are linked and subject to the Security Interests granted 
by the Collateral Provider in respect of the Series of Securities or the Linked Series of 
Securities, as applicable, you will also be exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer and 
Guarantor (if applicable), so even if the Reference Entity or Reference Entities, as 
applicable, are performing well, you may still suffer a loss if the Issuer's and/or, if 
applicable, Guarantor's creditworthiness declines or it goes bankrupt (see Commonly 
Asked Question 6 (Are the market value and interest and amounts payable or deliverable 
in respect of your Securities subject to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor (if applicable)?) above). 
(c) 
Do the Securities redeem at par?

--- Page 168 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
162 
 
Each Security will redeem at the amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms (which, if 
"Redemption at par" is specified as being applicable, will be at par, and in all other cases, 
may or may not be at par) unless an Event Determination Date has occurred in respect 
of a Credit Event, in which case the payments due on the Security will be as described 
in Commonly Asked Question 38(l) (What are the consequences for the Securities if an 
Event Determination Date occurs?) below. 
(d) 
What is the maturity of the Securities? 
Each Security has a scheduled maturity date as stated in the relevant Issue Terms (the 
"Scheduled Maturity Date"). The maturity date of a Security may be extended after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date in certain cases, for example, if (i) a potential credit event has 
occurred before the Scheduled Maturity Date, and a determination of whether such 
potential credit event will become an actual Credit Event has yet to be made or (ii) if 
"Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if (A) 
the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Obligor Event may have occurred 
during the period from, and including, the Observation Start Date to, and including, the 
Observation End Date, but that it is not reasonably possible to determine with certainty 
at that time that such Reference Obligor Event has occurred; or (B) a Reference Obligor 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred and is continuing with respect to a Reference Bond 
or, if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms, any 
Reference Obligor Obligation (as applicable) but has not yet resulted in a Reference 
Obligor Failure to Pay. (See Commonly Asked Question 38(r) (In what circumstances 
might the maturity of the Securities be extended?) below). 
(e) 
What is ISDA? 
The International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") is a trade 
organisation of participants in the market for over-the-counter derivatives. It is 
headquartered in New York, and is responsible for creating standardised contracts such 
as the ISDA Master Agreement and the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (the 
"2014 Definitions") and a wide range of related documentation, that are used to enter 
into derivatives transactions. Definitions, confirmations and other documents and 
information published by ISDA are available on ISDA's website: www.isda.org. Certain 
publications are available free of charge while others are available to subscribers of the 
website only. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, ISDA has more than 1,000 members from 79 
countries on six continents. These members include a broad range of OTC derivatives 
market participants: global, international and regional banks, asset managers, energy and 
commodities firms, government and supra-national entities, insurers and diversified 
financial institutions, corporations, law firms, exchanges, clearing houses and other 
service providers. 
(f) 
What is a Credit Event? 
A Credit Event is, broadly speaking, an event which is regarded as being indicative of a 
default or material decline in the creditworthiness of a Reference Entity.  
Credit Events are determined by reference to certain eligible types of obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity which may be loans, bonds or other obligations issued directly 
by the Reference Entity or obligations in respect of which the Reference Entity acts as 
guarantor ("Obligations"). Even where the Issue Terms specify a "Standard Reference 
Obligation" (being the Obligation for the relevant seniority level for the Reference Entity 
on a list to be published by ISDA) or other "Reference Obligation" in respect of a 
Reference Entity, a Credit Event may still be determined with respect to any Obligation 
of the Reference Entity.  
Note that a Credit Event will occur regardless of whether it occurs due to (for example) 
the relevant Reference Entity not being authorised to incur the relevant obligation, the

--- Page 169 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
163 
 
illegality or unenforceability of any obligation, applicable law or regulation or an order 
of a court or tribunal or any exchange controls or capital requirements being imposed. 
The Credit Linked Provisions provide for seven Credit Events which are: 
Bankruptcy 
"Bankruptcy" includes where a Reference Entity: 
 
is dissolved (other than where this is as a result of the Reference Entity merging 
or otherwise combining with another entity); 
 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they become due or admits its 
inability to do so; 
 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, 
scheme or composition becomes effective; 
 
institutes, or has instituted against it, a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition results in a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or is not dismissed within 30 calendar days 
of such institution; 
 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator or equivalent 
official for it or for all or substantially all of its assets; or 
 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all of its assets, or such 
assets are subject to attachment by a creditor. 
Failure to Pay 
A "Failure to Pay" will occur where the Reference Entity fails to make, when and where 
due and after the expiration of any applicable time period (a "Grace Period") during 
which such failure may be cured by the Reference Entity (and after the satisfaction of 
any conditions precedent to such Grace Period), any payments in an aggregate amount 
of not less than a specified amount under one or more Obligations in accordance with 
the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. The Grace Period, if any, will 
be as set out in the terms of the Obligation; if no such Grace Period is specified, a 
minimum Grace Period will be assumed to apply. 
Restructuring 
"Restructuring" is, generally speaking, a process whereby a company or a sovereign 
entity facing cash flow problems or which is otherwise in financial distress, renegotiates 
its debts. A "Restructuring" will occur for the purposes of the Credit Linked Provisions 
if: 
 
any of the following events occurs in relation to a particular Obligation of a 
Reference Entity: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of principal payable (including by way of 
redenomination);

--- Page 170 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
164 
 
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for payment of interest, 
principal or premium; 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of such obligation resulting 
in such Obligation becoming subordinated in its right to receive payment 
to one or more other obligations; or  
(E) 
a redenomination of an Obligation (other than to certain permitted 
currencies, and excluding a redenomination into Euro where the relevant 
currency jurisdiction joins the Euro-zone); and 
 
such event occurs in a form which binds all of the holders of that Obligation, is 
agreed between the relevant Reference Entity or a governmental authority and a 
sufficient number of holders of such obligation to bind all holders of the 
Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of bonds only, by way of an 
exchange) and where such event is not expressly provided for under the original 
terms of that Obligation; and 
 
any such event results from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial 
condition of the relevant Reference Entity. 
If a bond exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events 
described under sub-paragraphs (i)(A) to (E) above has occurred will be based on a 
comparison of the terms of the bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms 
of the resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. Unless "Multiple 
Holder Obligation" is specified as not applicable in relation to a particular Reference 
Entity in the Standard (as defined in Commonly Asked Question 38(g) (What Credit 
Events apply to the Securities?) below), a Restructuring will have occurred only if the 
event in question relates to an Obligation held by more than three non-affiliated holders 
and, where, for Obligations other than bonds, the consent of at least two-thirds of the 
holders of the relevant Obligation is required. 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligations ("Mod R") 
If "Mod R" applies in accordance with the Standard (as defined below) and if specified 
to be applicable in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable), then in order 
to be taken into account for settlement an Obligation must be a "Fully Transferable 
Obligation" - that is, capable of being assigned or novated without consent. It must also 
be possible to transfer the Obligation to a bank or financial institution or other entity 
which regularly makes, purchases or invests in loans or other financial assets. The 
maturity of such obligation must fall within specified limits. 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable 
Obligations ("Mod Mod R") 
If "Mod Mod R" applies in accordance with the Standard and if specified to be applicable 
in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable), then in order to be taken into 
account for settlement an obligation must be a "Conditionally Transferable Obligation" 
that is, capable of being assigned or novated with consent, provided that such consent 
must not be unreasonably withheld. Again, the maturity of such Obligation must fall 
within specified limits. 
A "M(M)R Restructuring" is a Restructuring Credit Event in which either "Mod R" or 
"Mod Mod R" applies in accordance with the Standard and is specified to be applicable 
in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable). 
Under the Credit Linked Provisions, a resolution of a CDDC (as defined in Commonly 
Asked Question 38(h) (When does a Credit Event need to occur to affect the payout on 
the Securities? below) that a "M(M)R Restructuring" has occurred will not result in an 
Event Determination Date unless the Calculation Agent elects to treat settlement of the 
Securities as having been triggered. Holders will not have the right to elect the occurrence 
of an Event Determination Date in such circumstances; accordingly, where the

--- Page 171 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
165 
 
Calculation Agent does not make an election to trigger settlement, Holders will be 
exposed to the risk that future Credit Events will occur and may result in larger losses 
than would otherwise have been the case.  
Repudiation/Moratorium 
A "Repudiation/Moratorium" will occur where a Reference Entity or a governmental 
authority repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of one or 
more Obligations, or declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral 
and a Failure to Pay or a Restructuring occurs (without taking into account specified 
minimum amounts) on or before the stipulated evaluation date.  
Obligation Default 
An "Obligation Default" will occur where one or more Obligations of a Reference Entity 
have become capable of being declared due and payable early because of the occurrence 
of a default, an event of default, or any other similar condition or event (however 
described), other than a failure to pay. 
Obligation Acceleration 
An "Obligation Acceleration" will occur where an Obligation Default occurs and eligible 
obligations have become due and payable under their terms. 
Governmental Intervention 
A "Governmental Intervention" will occur where, as a result of the action taken or 
announcement made by a governmental authority pursuant to, or by means of, a 
restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulations) 
applicable to the relevant Reference Entity, certain binding changes are made to the 
relevant obligations of the Reference Entity. Such changes may include, without 
limitation, a reduction in the rate or amount (as applicable) of interest, principal or 
premium payable when due, a postponement or other deferral of the date or dates for 
payment of interest, principal or premium, a change in the ranking in priority of payment 
of any obligation, or a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange. 
Unlike a "Restructuring", "Governmental Intervention" is not subject to the requirement 
for a deterioration in creditworthiness or financial condition of the relevant Reference 
Entity or to the "Multiple Holder Obligation" requirement, and applies regardless of 
whether the relevant event is expressly provided for under the terms of the Obligation 
(for example, debt with bail-in provisions). 
(g) 
What Credit Events apply to the Securities? 
In respect of each issue of Securities, the types of Credit Events which may apply in 
relation to the specified Reference Entity or Reference Entities, as applicable, will vary 
depending on the identity of each Reference Entity and will be determined either by 
reference to market standards that relate to credit default swaps, as described below, or 
will be specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
Credit default swaps are transactions in which settlement is triggered by the occurrence 
of a Credit Event of a particular Reference Entity or Reference Entities referenced in the 
terms of such transaction. A buyer of credit protection will make one or more payments 
of premium to the seller of credit protection. In exchange, the seller of credit protection 
agrees to make payment to the buyer of credit protection following the occurrence of a 
Credit Event and subject to satisfaction of certain conditions.  
Credit default swaps are typically entered into on the basis of standard definitions and 
provisions published by ISDA. Certain terms of credit default swaps are subject to 
negotiation between the parties, for example the maturity of each transaction and the 
price of credit protection purchased. However, many key terms of credit default swaps - 
for example, the applicable Credit Events - are typically determined by reference to a

--- Page 172 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
166 
 
matrix of market standard terms published by ISDA (the version of such matrix which is 
effective as at the Trade Date is referred to in this section as the "Standard"). The 
Standard recognises a variety of standard terms based on the nature of the relevant 
Reference Entity (corporate, sovereign, etc.) and its location (Europe, North America 
etc.). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Standard is available free of charge on 
ISDA's website at www.isda.org. 
The Issue Terms will specify a "Transaction Type" with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity or Reference Entities, as applicable, or, in respect of Credit Linked Securities 
linked to a Credit Index, the "Transaction Type" may be specified in the annex published 
in respect of the Credit Index by the relevant index sponsor. Certain terms of the 
Securities, including Credit Events, will be determined by reference to the Standard for 
such "Transaction Type". Such terms may vary between particular Series of Securities 
depending on the relevant "Transaction Type" which applies. Furthermore the Standard 
is updated regularly by ISDA and accordingly different Series of Securities may refer to 
different versions of the Standard.  
(h) 
When does a Credit Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Securities?  
A Credit Event may occur at any time during the period from, and including, the "Credit 
Observation Start Date" to, and including, the Scheduled Maturity Date or such other 
date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms (subject to extension in certain 
circumstances, see Commonly Asked Question 38(r) (In what circumstances might the 
maturity of the Securities be extended?) below. The "Credit Observation Date" is the 
Credit Event Backstop Date, Trade Date or such other date as is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms. Therefore, Credit Events occurring prior to the Trade Date may, depending 
on the terms and conditions of the Securities, be taken into account for the purposes of 
the Securities. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date is a rolling date which is:  
 
if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (a "CDDC") (see Commonly 
Asked Question 38(w) (What are the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees and how do they affect the Securities?) below) receives a request to 
resolve whether or not a Credit Event has occurred in relation to a Reference 
Entity, 60 calendar days prior to the date of such request (regardless of whether 
the CDDC resolves to determine such matter or not); or  
 
otherwise, 60 calendar days prior to the first date on which the Calculation Agent 
delivers a notice, and supporting information, in order to trigger settlement of the 
Securities following a Credit Event. 
(i) 
When can a Credit Event be triggered? 
The "Notice Delivery Period" is the period during which a Credit Event may be 
triggered with respect to a Reference Entity. The Notice Delivery Period will commence 
on the "Trade Date" as specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, in respect of Credit 
Linked Securities referencing a single Reference Entity, will expire on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, or, in respect of Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index, 14 
calendar days after the Credit Observation End Date (subject to extension in certain 
circumstances, see Commonly Asked Question 38(r) (In what circumstances might the 
maturity of the Securities be extended?)) in respect of such Reference Entity, or, in each 
case, such other date specified in the relevant Issue Terms. However, in certain 
circumstances, the Notice Delivery Period may be extended beyond the Scheduled 
Maturity Date if a potential Credit Event, such as a Failure to Pay or 
Repudiation/Moratorium, has occurred prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (or other 
date specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of the Securities, which may become an actual 
Credit Event within a specified period following the Scheduled Maturity Date (or other 
date specified in the relevant Issue Terms) (see Commonly Asked Question 38(r) (In 
what circumstances might the maturity of the Securities be extended?) below).

--- Page 173 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
167 
 
(j) 
When can an Event Determination Date occur? 
An Event Determination Date may occur: 
 
as a result of the publication by ISDA of a resolution by a CDDC that a Credit 
Event has occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Entity (in which case the 
Event Determination Date will be the date of the relevant request for a resolution); 
or 
 
in the absence of a resolution of a CDDC, if the Calculation Agent delivers, on 
behalf of the Issuer, a notice and supporting information derived from specified 
sources (that is, public news or information sources, the relevant Reference Entity 
itself, court or other public filings or paying agents, trustees or other 
intermediaries appointed in respect of obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity), in order to trigger settlement of the Securities following a Credit Event. 
(k) 
Can an Event Determination Date only occur if a CDDC determines that one has 
occurred?  
No. The Calculation Agent may still deliver a notice to trigger settlement of the Securities 
following a Credit Event even if a CDDC has not resolved that a Credit Event has 
occurred, as long as a CDDC has not already resolved that a Credit Event has not 
occurred. 
(l) 
What are the consequences for the Securities if an Event Determination Date occurs?  
The consequences for Securities if an Event Determination Date occurs will differ 
depending on whether the Securities are linked to the credit risk of either a single 
Reference Entity (a "Single Name CLN") or Reference Entities comprising a Credit 
Index (a "Credit Index Linked CLN") (in each case, or any successor to the relevant 
Reference Entity(ies)).  
Single Name CLN 
In respect of a Single Name CLN, following the occurrence of a Credit Event and an 
Event Determination Date with respect to the relevant Reference Entity or its successor, 
the Securities will be subject to redemption in whole by payment to the Holders of the 
Final Redemption Amount (or, where the relevant Event Determination Date relates to a 
M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, if the Calculation Agent so elects, the Securities will 
be partially redeemed (see Commonly Asked Question 38(p) (How much will Holders 
receive if the Securities are partially redeemed following a M(M)R Restructuring?) 
below). The Final Redemption Amount payable on such a redemption is likely to be 
considerably less than the nominal amount of the Securities (and may be as low as zero), 
which means that Holders will suffer a loss of principal.  
If "Zero Recovery" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Final 
Redemption Amount following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date will be 
zero and Holders will suffer a loss of their entire principal. 
In addition, following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, interest will cease 
to accrue on the Securities, with effect from, and including, the first day of the interest 
period during which the Event Determination Date occurred (or, if "Interest accrual up 
to Event Determination Date" is specified to be applicable, interest will cease to accrue 
from (and including) the relevant Event Determination Date). 
If the Securities are redeemed in full following the occurrence of an Event Determination 
Date, following payment by the Issuer of the Final Redemption Amount (if any) to each 
Holder, the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) will owe no further obligations to the 
Holder in respect of such Security and such Security will be cancelled.  
Credit Index Linked CLN linked to a Credit Index on an untranched basis

--- Page 174 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
168 
 
In respect of a Credit Index Linked CLN linked to a Credit Index on an untranched basis, 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event and an Event Determination Date with respect 
to a Reference Entity or its successor, the interest bearing amount (being the notional 
amount by reference to which interest and return of principal is determined) as well as 
payments of interest and principal will be reduced. The amount of such reduction will be 
determined by reference to such Reference Entity's weighting in the Credit Index as well 
as a price determined as set out in Commonly Asked Question 38(m) (How is the Final 
Redemption Amount determined?) below. If "Zero Recovery" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the price determined in respect of a Reference 
Entity following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date will be deemed to be 
zero and Holders will suffer a loss of a proportion of their principal equal to such 
Reference Entity's weighting in the Credit Index. 
On redemption, the Securities will be subject to redemption in whole by payment to the 
Holders of the Final Redemption Amount which will be calculated by reference to the 
interest bearing amount. Following an Event Determination Date in respect of one or 
more Reference Entity(ies) comprising the Credit Index, the Final Redemption Amount 
payable on such a redemption is likely to be less than the nominal amount of the 
Securities (and may be as low as zero), which means that Holders will suffer a loss of 
principal and in certain circumstances will suffer a total loss of principal.  
In addition, following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, the interest 
bearing amount, and therefore the notional amount in respect of which interest is 
calculated, will be reduced with effect from, and including, the first day of the interest 
period during which the Event Determination Date occurred, resulting in a reduction in 
the interest payable in respect of the Securities. 
Credit Index Linked CLN linked to a Credit Index on a tranched basis 
In respect of a Credit Index Linked CLN linked to a Credit Index on a tranched basis, 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event and an Event Determination Date with respect 
to a Reference Entity or its successor, the interest bearing amount (being the notional 
amount by reference to which interest and return of principal is determined) as well as 
payments of interest and principal may be reduced. The amount of such reduction will 
be determined by reference to such Reference Entity's weighting in the Credit Index, a 
price determined as set out in Commonly Asked Question 38(m) (How is the Final 
Redemption Amount determined?) below, the relevant upper and lower boundaries of the 
tranche (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and the number of Reference Entities 
which have experienced an Event Determination Date and the relevant price related to 
such Reference Entities.  
Subject as provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, in respect of each 
interest payment date and the maturity date of the Securities, the interest bearing amount 
(the notional amount by reference to which interest and return of principal is determined) 
is calculated by reference to the aggregate losses in respect of the Reference Entities 
comprising the Credit Index (being the aggregate, in respect of each Reference Entity in 
respect of which an Event Determination Date has occurred, of the product of the 
Reference Entity's weighting in the Credit Index as well as a price determined as set out 
in Commonly Asked Question 38(m) (How is the Final Redemption Amount 
determined?) below relative to the upper and lower boundaries of the tranche (and if 
"Zero Recovery" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the price 
determined in respect of a Reference Entity following the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date will be deemed to be zero and the aggregate losses will increase by 
a percentage equal to such Reference Entity's weighting in the Credit Index). 
Specifically, subject as provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, the interest 
bearing amount will be reduced if the aggregate losses exceed the lower boundary and 
in proportion to which the aggregate losses exceed the lower boundary relative to the 
amount by which the upper boundary exceeds the lower boundary (the 'tranche size'). If 
losses under the Credit Index equal or exceed the upper boundary, a Holder will suffer a 
loss of their entire investment.

--- Page 175 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
169 
 
On redemption, the Securities will be subject to redemption in whole by payment to the 
Holders of the Final Redemption Amount which will be calculated by reference to the 
interest bearing amount. Following an Event Determination Date in respect of one or 
more Reference Entity(ies) comprising the Credit Index, the Final Redemption Amount 
payable on such a redemption is likely to be less than the nominal amount of the 
Securities (and may be as low as zero), which means that Holders will suffer a loss of 
principal.  
In addition, following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, the interest 
bearing amount, and therefore the notional amount in respect of which interest is 
calculated, will be reduced with effect from, and including, the first day of the interest 
period during which the Event Determination Date occurred. Such reduction will again 
be determined by reference to the aggregate losses in respect of the Reference Entities 
comprising the Credit Index relative to the upper and lower boundaries of the tranche. 
Furthermore, subject as provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, if in 
respect of any interest payment date the aggregate losses under the Credit Index equal or 
exceed the upper boundary, the Securities will be redeemed early on such interest 
payment date and the Final Redemption Amount will be equal to zero and Holders will 
suffer a total loss of principal. 
(m) 
How is the Final Redemption Amount determined? 
The Final Redemption Amount is the cash amount which is payable to each Holder on 
redemption of the Securities. If an Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of 
a Reference Entity, and where there is an Auction (as defined in Commonly Asked 
Question 38(n) (How is the Final Redemption Amount determined if "Auction 
Settlement" applies?) below), the Final Redemption Amount will be determined based 
on the price of certain eligible obligations of the Reference Entity (or, in respect of Credit 
Index Linked CLNs, of each Reference Entity in respect of which an Event 
Determination Date has occurred) ("Deliverable Obligations"), which may be loans, 
bonds or other obligations issued directly by the relevant Reference Entity or obligations 
in respect of which the relevant Reference Entity acts as guarantor (or in certain cases a 
related asset package), on a specified date following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
with respect to such Reference Entity. The price of such Deliverable Obligations will be 
determined by an Auction. 
Where there is no Auction, the Final Redemption Amount will be determined on a 
valuation date selected by the Calculation Agent following the occurrence of a Credit 
Event with respect to such Reference Entity (or, in respect of Credit Index Linked CLNs, 
of each Reference Entity in respect of which an Event Determination Date has occurred) 
based on bid quotations received by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for 
certain eligible obligations of the relevant Reference Entity ("Valuation Obligations") 
that are selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the terms of the Securities. 
If "Zero Recovery" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, and an Event 
Determination Date has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity, in respect of a Single 
Name CLN the Final Redemption Amount or, in respect of a Credit Index Linked CLN, 
the price determined in respect of such Reference Entity for the purposes of calculating 
the Final Redemption Amount, in each case, will be zero. 
(n) 
How is the Final Redemption Amount determined if "Auction Settlement" applies? 
If "Auction Settlement" applies to the Securities, the Final Redemption Amount will be 
determined by reference to a price in respect of each relevant Reference Entity 
determined by way of a credit derivatives auction sponsored by ISDA (an "Auction"). 
The Auction will involve a bidding process by institutions participating in the relevant 
Auction, pursuant to a bidding procedure set by ISDA, to establish the value of 
Deliverable Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity (or, in certain cases, a related 
asset package; see below). The Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation 
Agent or its affiliates may act as a participating bidder in any such Auction and may

--- Page 176 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
170 
 
submit bids and offers with respect to the Deliverable Obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity or the components of the relevant asset package.  
Deliverable Obligations will include obligations of the relevant Reference Entity which 
satisfy (or, in certain cases, which satisfied, prior to the occurrence of particular Credit 
Events) certain specified "Deliverable Obligation Categories" and "Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics" and may include a wide variety of obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity, including bonds, loans, guarantees, payments due under derivatives 
and repos, trade debts and deposits. The applicable Deliverable Obligation Category and 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are specified in the Standard and will vary from 
one Reference Entity to another depending on the "Transaction Type" specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
The outcome of any Auction is likely to reflect the prevailing price of the cheapest 
relevant obligation of the relevant Reference Entity. 
In certain circumstances, an Auction may occur in relation to a package of assets received 
by a holder of one or more obligations of the relevant Reference Entity in connection 
with the occurrence of a particular Credit Event. An asset package may be comprised of 
one or a combination of financial or non-financial instruments. Where any component of 
an asset package is a non-financial instrument, a value may be determined and published 
by ISDA in respect of that instrument without the need for an auction. 
Following redemption of the Securities following the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date, and subject as provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, 
the Final Redemption Amount payable in respect of: 
 
a Single Name CLN will be an amount equal to the product of: 
(A) 
the denomination of the Security (or, in certain circumstances, a portion 
thereof); and 
(B) 
the price (expressed as a percentage) determined through the Auction for 
certain obligations of such Reference Entity. 
The Final Redemption Amount in such circumstances is likely to be lower than 
the par value of the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity and will be 
reflective of a loss experienced by the Holder of such Deliverable Obligations. 
Moreover, the price is likely to reflect the lowest prevailing market value of any 
Deliverable Obligation.  
Subject as provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, the Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable to Holders on the day falling the number of 
Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms after the date on which the 
price is determined through the Auction (or, in respect of a Single Name CLN in 
respect of which 'European' settlement is applicable, if later, the Scheduled 
Maturity Date).  
 
a Credit Index Linked CLN linked to a Credit Index on an untranched basis will 
be an amount equal to the interest bearing amount, being, subject as provided 
below, the product of: 
(A) 
the denomination of the Security; and 
(B) 
100 per cent. minus the aggregate of the product of, in respect of each 
Reference Entity in respect of which an Event Determination Date has 
occurred, (1) the price (expressed as a percentage) determined through the 
Auction for certain obligations of such Reference Entity; and (2) the 
weighting of such Reference Entity in the Credit Index.

--- Page 177 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
171 
 
The Final Redemption Amount in such circumstances will be reflective of a loss 
experienced by the Holder of Deliverable Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entities in proportion to their weighting in the Credit Index.  
The redemption amount will be payable to Holders on Scheduled Maturity Date, 
provided that in respect of any Reference Entity in respect of which (I) an Event 
Determination Date has occurred but no price has yet been determined in respect 
of Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity; or (II) an Event Determination 
Date has not yet occurred but a potential Credit Event has occurred on or prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Calculation Agent has determined that a 
Credit Event may have occurred, a pro rata proportion of the final redemption 
amount of the Securities corresponding to such Reference Entity may be 
postponed beyond the Scheduled Maturity Date in order to establish whether a 
Credit Event has occurred in respect of the relevant Reference Entity(ies) and to 
establish any relevant price. In such circumstances, if no Event Determination 
Date has occurred, the relevant amount will be payable within a specified period 
following the Scheduled Maturity Date and, if an Event Determination Date has 
occurred, the amount (if any) will be payable on the day falling the number of 
Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms after the date on which the 
price is determined through the Auction and reflecting the difference between the 
redemption amount paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date and the amount that 
would have been payable if the occurrence of the Event Determination Date and 
related price had been known on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
 
a Credit Index Linked CLN linked to a Credit Index on a tranched basis will be 
an amount equal to the interest bearing amount, being, subject as provided below, 
the product of: 
(A) 
the denomination of the Security; and 
(B) 
100 per cent. minus the result of: 
(x) 
(1) 
the aggregate losses, being the aggregate of the product of, 
in respect of each Reference Entity in respect of which an 
Event Determination Date has occurred, (1) the price 
(expressed as a percentage) determined through the Auction 
for certain obligations of such Reference Entity; and (2) the 
weighting of such Reference Entity in the Credit Index, 
minus 
(2) 
the lower boundary, 
divided by 
(y) 
the tranche size (as described in paragraph (l) above). 
The Final Redemption Amount in such circumstances will be bear the same 
proportion to the denomination of the Securities as the aggregate losses bear to 
the tranche size. If the aggregate losses are less than or equal to the lower 
boundary, the Final Redemption Amount will be equal to the denomination of the 
Security. If the aggregate losses are greater than or equal to the upper boundary, 
the Final Redemption Amount will be equal to zero. 
The redemption amount will be payable to Holders on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, provided that the redemption amount may be reduced if there is any 
Reference Entity in respect of which (I) an Event Determination Date has 
occurred but no price has yet been determined in respect of Deliverable 
Obligations of the Reference Entity; or (II) an Event Determination Date has not 
yet occurred but a potential Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled

--- Page 178 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
172 
 
Maturity Date or the Calculation Agent has determined that a Credit Event may 
have occurred. In such circumstances, the redemption amount will be calculated 
as if each such Reference Entity had experienced an Event Determination Date 
and the price determined for certain obligations of such Reference Entity was 
zero. As such, a proportion (or the entirety) of the final redemption amount of the 
Securities corresponding to such Reference Entity may be postponed, depending 
on the aggregate losses relative to the tranche size, beyond the Scheduled 
Maturity Date in order to establish whether a Credit Event has occurred in respect 
of the relevant Reference Entity(ies) and to establish any relevant price(s).  
In such circumstances, the Calculation Agent will recalculate the redemption 
amount once it has been established if an Event Determination Date has occurred 
and the relevant price, and the relevant amount may be payable following the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
There may be multiple Auctions held concurrently, either as required for the purposes of 
settling credit default swap transactions of varying maturities following a M(M)R 
Restructuring Credit Event or where Auctions are conducted in relation to senior and 
subordinated obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. Where multiple Auctions are 
held concurrently following a M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, the Calculation Agent 
will determine the relevant Auction for the purposes of the Securities. 
See further Annex B (Auction Settlement Terms) of the Credit Linked Provisions for a 
more detailed description of the auction process. 
(o) 
How is the Final Redemption Amount determined if "Auction Settlement" does not 
apply? 
If there is not and will not be a relevant Auction for the purposes of the Securities in 
relation to a particular Event Determination Date, then the price determined for certain 
obligations of any relevant Reference Entity for the purposes of determining the Final 
Redemption Amount will be determined on a valuation date selected by the Calculation 
Agent on the basis of the bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party 
dealers for the Valuation Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity selected in 
accordance with the terms of the Securities (including, as applicable, a related asset 
package). The Calculation Agent will be entitled to select the cheapest Valuation 
Obligation(s) for valuation. This will reduce the Final Redemption Amount payable to 
Holders. Where ISDA publishes a value in respect of any component of an asset package, 
such value will apply for purposes of calculating the Final Redemption Amount without 
the requirement to seek quotations. 
In such case, the Final Redemption Amount payable in respect of a Security will be 
calculated as set out in Commonly Asked Question 38(o) (How is the Final Redemption 
Amount determined if "Auction Settlement" does not apply?) above, provided that the 
price determined for certain obligations of any relevant Reference Entity will be 
determined on the basis of bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third 
party dealers for the Valuation Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity selected by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the terms of the Securities.  
In such a case and in respect of a Single Name CLN, the Final Redemption Amount will 
be payable on the day falling the number of Business Days specified in the Issue Terms 
after the date on which such price is determined by the Calculation Agent.  
(p) 
How much will Holders receive if the Securities are partially redeemed following a 
M(M)R Restructuring?  
If an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect to the Securities, then, in 
certain cases, the Calculation Agent may elect to trigger a credit event in respect of a 
portion of the exposure of the Securities. In respect of a Single Name CLN, this would 
trigger a partial redemption of the Securities. In respect of a Credit Index Linked CLN, 
this would trigger a partial reduction in respect of the interest bearing amount and related

--- Page 179 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
173 
 
to the relevant Reference Entity. The Calculation Agent has sole discretion to decide 
whether it would exercise a partial redemption of the Securities in the case of Single 
Name CLNs or a reduction in the interest bearing amount in the case of Credit Index 
Linked CLNs.  
In respect of a Single Name CLN, if the Issuer exercises such right to partially redeem 
the Securities, each Security will be redeemed in part by an amount that is less than the 
entire credit protection purchased and sold under the Securities in relation to the 
Reference Entity (the "Credit Position") with respect to which the M(M)R Restructuring 
Credit Event occurred (such partial amount the "Exercise Amount"). The Final 
Redemption Amount payable is then determined only in respect of such Exercise 
Amount. The Credit Position is reduced by such Exercise Amount and subsequent 
determinations of interest and principal under the Securities are determined only in 
respect of the remaining Credit Position following such reduction. 
In respect of a Credit Index Linked CLN, if the Issuer exercises such right to trigger a 
credit event in respect of a portion of the Credit Position of the Reference Entity, the 
reduction in the interest bearing amount will be in respect of a corresponding portion. 
(q) 
What are zero recovery Credit Linked Securities? 
"Zero Recovery" may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. "Zero recovery" 
Securities are Credit Linked Securities in respect of which, if an Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the price determined for certain obligations 
of such Reference Entity for the purposes of determining the Final Redemption Amount 
is assumed to be zero. 
In respect of a Single Name CLN, the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in 
respect of zero recovery Securities will result in a loss of all of the principal of the 
Securities relating to the affected Reference Entity. 
In respect of a Credit Index Linked CLN, the occurrence of an Event Determination Date 
in respect of a Reference Entity and zero recovery Securities will result in a 
corresponding increase in the aggregate losses equal to the Reference Entity weighting 
of such Reference Entity in the Credit Index, regardless of any residual value of 
obligations of such Reference Entity. 
(r) 
In what circumstances might the maturity of the Securities be extended?  
If no Event Determination Date occurs then the Securities are scheduled to redeem on 
the Scheduled Maturity Date as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
However, redemption of the Securities may be extended beyond the Scheduled Maturity 
Date even where no Event Determination Date is ultimately deemed to have occurred if, 
for example, a resolution of a CDDC as to the occurrence of a Credit Event is pending 
as at the Scheduled Maturity Date or pending determination of whether a potential Credit 
Event which occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date will become an actual 
Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity within a specified period of time after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.  
For example, if a potential Failure to Pay Credit Event occurs prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date of the Securities and a grace period applies so that the relevant Reference 
Entity has a period of time in which to try and cure such potential "Failure to Pay" (the 
end of such period is referred to as the "Grace Period Extension Date"), the Maturity 
Date of the Securities may be extended beyond its Scheduled Maturity Date pending a 
potential cure of such failure to pay within the applicable grace period. 
Similarly, the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Securities may be extended pending an 
evaluation as to whether a potential Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event (the end of 
such evaluation period is referred to as the "Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date") which has occurred prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date will become an actual 
Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event.

--- Page 180 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
174 
 
In such cases the Calculation Agent may extend the maturity of the Securities beyond 
their Scheduled Maturity Date until the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or the 
Grace Period Extension Date (as applicable). In addition, the Calculation Agent may 
extend the period during which a Credit Event may occur to end on the later of the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, Grace Period Extension Date and the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date (the "Extension Date"). 
If on the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or the 
Grace Period Extension Date (as applicable), an Event Determination Date has not 
occurred but in the determination of the Calculation Agent a Credit Event or a potential 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" Credit Event may have occurred, the Calculation Agent may 
extend the Maturity Date to the "Postponed Maturity Date" of the Securities. If no Event 
Determination Date ultimately occurs, the "Postponed Maturity Date" will be a date 
falling no later than 90 days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or the Grace Period Extension Date (as 
applicable). If this occurs, the Notice Delivery Period will end on the Extension Date or 
the Postponed Maturity Date. 
Furthermore, other than if "Zero Recovery" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the maturity of the Credit Linked Securities may be postponed where an 
Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity, but no Auction 
Final Price or Final Price, as applicable, has been determined, in order that such Auction 
Final Price or Final Price, as applicable, can be established. No interest will accrue in 
respect of any such postponement. 
In respect of a Single Name CLN, payment of the Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable at maturity of the Securities.  
In respect of any Credit Index Linked CLN linked to a Credit Index on an untranched 
basis, the portion of the Final Redemption Amount (if any) in respect of Reference 
Entities in respect of which no such postponement has occurred, will be payable on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date and the portion in respect of any postponed Reference Entity, 
if payable following the determination of any Event Determination Date, will be payable 
at maturity of the Securities.  
In respect of any Credit Index Linked CLN linked to a Credit Index on a tranched basis, 
a portion of the Final Redemption Amount may be payable on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, depending on the aggregate losses relative to the upper and lower boundaries, and, 
if any amounts are payable following the determination of any Event Determination 
Date, such amounts will be payable at maturity of the Securities.  
If "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Maturity Date or the Settlement Date, as the case may be, of the Bond Linked Securities 
shall be extended to the second Business Day after the Observation Extension Date if, in 
respect of the Maturity Date or the Settlement Date, as the case may be: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Obligor Event may have 
occurred during the period from, and including, the Observation Start Date to, and 
including, the Observation End Date, but that it is not reasonably possible to 
determine with certainty at that time that such Reference Obligor Event has 
occurred; or  
(b) 
a Reference Obligor Potential Failure to Pay has occurred and is continuing with 
respect to a Reference Bond or, if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as not 
applicable in the Issue Terms, any Reference Obligor Obligation (as applicable) 
but has not yet resulted in a Reference Obligor Failure to Pay. 
(s) 
How much will Holders receive if no Event Determination Date occurs? 
If no Event Determination Date has occurred within the Notice Delivery Period, each 
Security will be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date (or, if the maturity has been

--- Page 181 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
175 
 
extended as described in Commonly Asked Question 38(r) (In what circumstances might 
the maturity of the Securities be extended?) above on the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date, the Grace Period Extension Date, the Postponed Maturity Date or the 
Maturity Date following any postponement in order to determine any applicable Auction 
Final Price or Final Price (as applicable)) at its Final Redemption Amount, which, in the 
absence of any Event Determination Dates, will be the amount specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
(t) 
What interest or coupon payments will Holders receive?  
If interest or coupon provisions are specified to apply in the relevant Issue Terms, 
Holders will receive interest amount(s) on each "Interest Payment Date" or "Coupon 
Payment Date" as provided in the General Conditions and relevant Issue Terms (subject 
to any early redemption of the Securities and subject to the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date, as set out in the terms and conditions of the Securities in respect of 
which see further Commonly Asked Question 38(l) (What are the consequences for the 
Securities if an Event Determination Date occurs?) above).  
(u) 
Does credit risk affect the value of the Securities in any other way? 
In addition to the effects of a Credit Event described above under Commonly Asked 
Question 38(l) (What are the consequences for the Securities if an Event Determination 
Date occurs?) credit risk affects the value of a Security in several ways. For example, 
among other things, the market value of a Security may be affected negatively when the 
probability of, or the market's perception of the probability of, a Credit Event occurring 
in respect of any specified Reference Entity increases, even if a Credit Event does not 
actually happen. 
(v) 
How do changes in share prices of a Reference Entity affect the value of the 
Securities? 
Taking credit risk on one or more Reference Entity(ies) by purchasing Securities is 
different from taking equity risk by investing in shares of any such Reference Entity. 
There are a number of reasons for this. For example: 
 
the Securities reference debt obligations of the specified Reference Entity(ies), 
and a Reference Entity must generally pay amounts due to the creditors on these 
debt obligations before paying dividends or capital to shareholders; 
 
the obligations of a Reference Entity referenced by the Securities consist of bonds 
and other debt; holders of this type of debt will generally rank ahead of holders 
of ordinary shares in the insolvency of a Reference Entity, and so may have (but 
are not guaranteed) a higher rate of recovery of moneys due to them; 
 
because the Securities reference these debt obligations, the market value of the 
Securities is related to (although not necessarily equal to) the value of these debt 
obligations; and 
 
there is no direct link between share prices and the value of the Securities. 
However, in some circumstances, a change in the share price of a Reference Entity may 
result in or from, at a general level, a change in the market value of its debt and vice 
versa. 
(w) 
What are the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and how do they affect 
the Securities?  
The CDDCs were established by ISDA in March 2009 to make determinations that are 
relevant to the majority of the credit derivatives market and to promote transparency and 
consistency.

--- Page 182 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
176 
 
Prospective Holders should note that a CDDC has the power to make binding decisions 
for the purposes of the Securities on critical issues, including: 
 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and Event Determination Date;  
 
whether one or more Auctions will be held in respect of any Reference Entity for 
which a Credit Event has occurred and the price determined in such Auction; 
 
if one or more Auctions is to be held, what Deliverable Obligations of the 
Reference Entity will be used for the purposes of determining the price for each 
such Auction; and 
 
the determination of the occurrence of an event, including the occurrence of a 
"Sovereign Succession Event" and the identity of any "Successors" (whether in 
connection with a Sovereign Succession Event or otherwise) (see Commonly 
Asked Question 38(x) (Is it possible to change a Reference Entity?) below). 
Consequently, Holders will be bound by any such relevant decisions and the payments 
on the Securities and the timing of any such payments may be affected by such decisions 
or determinations. Questions referred to the CDDC and the results of binding votes will 
be published on www.isda.org. 
The CDDCs are regional and there is a CDDC for each of the following five regions: the 
Americas, Asia (excluding Japan), Australia and New Zealand, Europe, the Middle East 
and Africa and Japan. The CDDC which is relevant for a particular series of Securities 
will be the one constituted for the region applicable to the relevant Reference Entity to 
which a given determination relates. 
The proceedings of each CDDC will be governed by rules published from time to time 
by ISDA. A copy of such rules is available as at the date of this Base Prospectus free of 
charge at www.isda.org. 
Each CDDC is composed of fifteen voting members and three non-voting consultative 
members. Ten of the voting members are dealer institutions, with eight serving across all 
regions and two potentially varying by region. The other five voting members are non-
dealer institutions that serve across all regions. The three non-voting consultative 
members consist of one dealer institution and one non-dealer institution that serve across 
all regions and one dealer institution that could potentially vary by region.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Calculation Agent and certain of its affiliates 
are members of one or more CDDCs. (See further Annex A (Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees) to the Credit Linked Provisions for a more detailed 
description of the CDDCs). 
(x) 
Is it possible to change a Reference Entity?  
After the Trade Date, a Reference Entity may not be changed unless a "Successor" 
determination has been made with respect to the Reference Entity (and, in the case of a 
Reference Entity that is a sovereign, following the occurrence of a "Sovereign 
Succession Event") on or after the "Successor Backstop Date" (or, in the case of a 
"Universal Successor", on or after 1 January 2014).  
A "Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a 
sovereign, an annexation, unification, cessation, partition, dissolution, consolidation, 
reconstitution or other similar event. 
A "Universal Successor" means, with respect to a Reference Entity which is not a 
sovereign, the single entity which assumes all of the obligations (including at least one 
relevant bond or loan) of the Reference Entity and at the time of the determination either 
(i) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (ii) the Reference Entity is in the process 
of being dissolved (however described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or

--- Page 183 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
177 
 
incurred any borrowed money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of 
the assumption. 
(y) 
What is a "Successor" to the Reference Entity and how can succession affect the 
Securities?  
If ISDA publicly announces that a CDDC has resolved that a different entity or entities 
has or have become successor(s) to the original Reference Entity or the Calculation 
Agent identifies a Successor to the original Reference Entity, or, in respect of Credit 
Index Linked CLNs, the index sponsor of the relevant Credit Index may make such 
determination, for example where such successor assumes obligations of the original 
Reference Entity under the latter's bonds or loan, or issues bonds or incurs loans in 
exchange for bonds or loans of the original Reference Entity, including in certain 
circumstances as part of a pre-determined series of steps, to which the Securities are 
linked, then such entity will be deemed to be a "Successor" to the original Reference 
Entity. 
The identity of the original Reference Entity will be treated as having been amended 
accordingly for the purposes of the Securities so that, following the determination or 
announcement of a "Successor", the Securities will be linked to the credit risk of the 
Successor. Where "Financial Reference Entity Terms" applies to the Securities and either 
"Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" has been specified as applicable, the successor 
in respect of the Securities in respect of which "Subordinated Level" is specified will 
follow the subordinated debt of the Reference Entity and the successor in respect of the 
Securities in respect of which "Senior Level" is specified will follow the senior debt (as 
applicable). The credit risk associated with a Successor or Successors may be different 
from and could be greater than the credit risk associated with the original Reference 
Entity. 
The events which may lead to the determination or announcement of a Successor may 
occur at any time from and including the "Successor Backstop Date" (or, in the case of a 
"Universal Successor" on or after 1 January 2014).  
The Successor Backstop Date is a rolling date which is:  
 
if a CDDC receives a request to resolve whether or not there is one or more 
Successors to the Reference Entity, 90 calendar days prior to the date of such 
request (regardless of whether the CDDC resolves to determine such matter or 
not); or  
 
otherwise, 90 calendar days prior to the date on which notice of the occurrence of 
a succession is delivered by the Calculation Agent.  
If the CDDC makes no resolution as to whether a succession has occurred or is not 
convened to consider the question, the Calculation Agent may determine the occurrence 
of a succession.  
(z) 
Can a succession occur prior to the Trade Date?  
Yes. The Successor Backstop Date may be prior to the Trade Date and therefore a 
succession may occur prior to the Trade Date. 
Holders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the 
Reference Entity by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been 
delivered to convene a CDDC prior to the Trade Date to determine whether a succession 
has occurred with respect to the Reference Entity, details of such request may be found 
on the ISDA website http://www.isda.org/credit.

--- Page 184 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
178 
 
(aa) 
What is the role of the Calculation Agent in deciding certain issues or exercising 
certain rights or options in relation to the Securities?  
The Calculation Agent may make certain determinations relating to the Securities, 
including (but not limited to) the following:  
 
in the absence of a determination by the CDDC, whether an Event Determination 
Date has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity; 
 
where "Auction Settlement" does not apply, the Final Redemption Amount on the 
basis of bid quotations from third party dealers in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity, including the selection of (A) the Valuation Obligations on 
which the final price will be based, (B) third party dealers from which to obtain 
bid quotations, (C) the date for the valuation of the Valuation Obligations;  
 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event (if applicable), 
to trigger an Event Determination Date in relation to a part or all of the Credit 
Position in respect of such Reference Entity (and, in respect of Single Name 
CLNs, triggering a redemption in part of the Securities);  
 
following a merger between the Reference Entity and the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(if applicable) or if the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) and the Reference 
Entity become affiliates, whether to redeem the Securities early;  
 
in the absence of a determination by the CDDC, the determination of any 
Successor(s) in respect of a Reference Entity; and 
 
where there are multiple Auctions held concurrently in respect of a Reference 
Entity, determining the Auction which will apply to the Securities. 
Holders should note that any determination and/or calculation by the Calculation Agent 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final and binding on the Issuer and the Holders. 
However, Holders should note that where a determination by the Calculation Agent is 
overruled by a decision of the CDDC within 90 calendar days of such Calculation Agent's 
determination, the Calculation Agent shall defer to such CDDC determination for the 
purposes of the Securities provided that such CDDC determination is made at least five 
business day before the relevant maturity date and the Calculation Agent shall, within a 
reasonable time period, make all necessary amendments to the terms of the Securities or 
undertake all necessary actions to give effect to the adoption of the CDDC determination. 
39 
What are Fund Linked Securities? 
Amounts payable in respect of some Securities, as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms, will be 
calculated by reference to a fund or a basket of funds over a fixed period of time or on fixed 
dates. Such Securities are known as Fund Linked Securities.  
The funds that are referenced by such Securities are managed by fund management companies 
who select underlying fund components and manage such underlying fund components. 
40 
What are the Fund Linked Provisions? 
The Fund Linked Provisions deal with how the payments related to Fund Linked Securities are 
calculated, together with various other provisions in relation to Fund Shares which are 
referenced by Securities, namely:  
 
potential adjustment events (e.g., where the terms of the Fund Share have been adjusted 
in a dilutive or concentrative way), and their consequences for the Securities (e.g., 
adjustments to the terms and conditions);  
 
fund events (e.g., fund insolvency, termination, merger or fund extraordinary events such 
as certain global events, net asset value and performance issues, trading matters,

--- Page 185 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
179 
 
exceptional failures and regulatory and legal constraints) and their consequences for the 
Securities (e.g., adjustments, substitution of the fund, or early redemption); and 
 
other events in relation to the fund (e.g., failure to pay full redemption proceeds or 
payment in kind to a holder of Fund Shares) and their consequences for the Securities 
(e.g., postponement and/or cancellation of the payment obligations). 
41 
What is an "Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event" and what are its consequences? 
An "Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event" is one or more of the following events (in each 
case, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms): 
• 
an "Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions Event" - in broad terms, due to a change in law 
relating to financial sanctions and embargo programmes (or change in interpretation of 
such law), it becomes illegal or is likely to become illegal for the Hedging Entity to 
perform its obligations under hedging transactions in relation to the relevant Securities. 
For this purpose, "Hedging Entity" means each of the Issuer and any affiliate(s) of the 
Issuer and any entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer engaged in any underlying 
or hedging transactions relating to the Securities and/or Reference Assets in respect of 
the Issuer's obligations under the Securities. However, an Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions 
Event also occurs where, due to a change in law relating to financial sanctions and 
embargo programmes (or change in interpretation of such law), it becomes illegal or is 
likely to become illegal for the Related Hedging Entity to perform its obligations under 
hedging transactions in relation to the relevant Securities, as if the Related Hedging 
Entity was a party to such hedging transactions. For this purpose, the "Related Hedging 
Entity" means JPMorgan Chase & Co. Therefore, it is possible that an Extraordinary 
Hedge Sanctions Event could occur in relation to your Securities even if the particular 
Hedging Entity is not directly affected by the change in law but JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
would be affected by such change, were it a party to the hedging transactions. For 
example, a change in U.S. law may affect JPMorgan Chase & Co. but may not affect the 
non-US entity in the JPMorgan Chase group acting as the Hedging Entity, but this may 
nevertheless trigger an Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions Event, which may lead to early 
redemption of the Securities. The rationale for the extension of Extraordinary Hedge 
Sanctions Event to JPMorgan Chase & Co. in addition to the Hedging Entity is that the 
corporate policy of JPMorgan Chase may require global uniformity with sanction 
regimes, even where a sanction only applies to JPMorgan Chase & Co.; 
• 
an "Extraordinary Hedge Bail-in Event" - in broad terms, the Hedging Entity or its 
counterparty becomes subject to a resolution regime and, as a result, the obligations of 
the Hedging Entity or its counterparties under hedging transactions in relation to the 
Securities are subject to the exercise of a "bail-in" or other resolution power by the 
relevant resolution authority (or it is likely that the resolution authority will exercise a 
"bail-in" or other resolution power within the next 90 days) or there is otherwise a 
material adverse effect on such hedging transactions; or  
• 
an "Extraordinary Hedge Currency Disruption Event" - in broad terms, a 
governmental authority introduces, or is likely to introduce within the next 90 days, a 
new currency and/or capital controls and, as a result, the payment obligations under the 
hedge transactions relating to the Securities are redenominated into another currency 
and/or are subject to capital controls and/or such hedge transactions are otherwise 
materially adversely affected. 
The Issue Terms of the relevant Securities will specify whether or not any of the three events 
described above is applicable or not in relation to those Securities. If an event may be both an 
Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event and a "Payment Disruption Event" (as described in 
Commonly Asked Question 20 (What is a "Payment Disruption Event" and what are its 
consequences?)) and the Issuer elects to early redeem or terminate (as applicable) the Securities, 
the consequences relating to Payment Disruption Events described in Commonly Asked 
Question 20 (What is a "Payment Disruption Event" and what are its consequences?) will not 
apply.

--- Page 186 ---
Commonly Asked Questions 
 
180 
 
If an 'Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event' occurs, the Issuer may redeem or terminate the 
Securities earlier than the specified maturity or settlement date and repay the Holder an Early 
Payment Amount. The Early Payment Amount may be less than the price at which you 
purchased the Securities. See Risk Factor 5.1 "The Securities may be redeemed or terminated 
(as applicable) prior to their scheduled maturity for various unforeseen reasons, and in such 
case you may receive back less than your original investment and you may not be able to reinvest 
the proceeds in an equivalent investment" and Risk Factor 5.4 "Where applicable, the Securities 
may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior to their scheduled maturity due to the 
occurrence of an Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event" above. 
42 
What is a "Disruption Event" and what are its consequences? 
A "Disruption Event" is one or more of the following events (if (i) "Reference Asset Linked 
Conditions" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the relevant Issue Terms and (ii) "Disruption 
Event" and the relevant event below are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms): 
• 
a "Change in Law (Hedge)" - in broad terms, due to a change in any applicable law or 
regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) (or change in interpretation of such 
law) (i) it becomes illegal or is likely to become illegal within the next 15 calendar days 
prior to the maturity of the Securities for the Underlying Hedge Entity to hold, acquire 
or dispose of any asset in relation to the Underlying Hedge Transactions, or (ii) the 
Underlying Hedge Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations in relation to the Securities; or 
• 
a "Hedging Disruption" - in broad terms, the Underlying Hedge Entity is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to hedge the risk (e.g. if the Underlying Hedge 
Entity is unable to enter into a hedge, substitute the hedge or to realise the proceeds of a 
hedge) of the Issuer issuing, entering into and performing its obligations under the 
Securities. 
The Issue Terms of the relevant Securities will specify whether or not any of the two events 
described above is applicable or not in relation to those Securities. 
If a Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer may adjust the terms and conditions of the securities, or 
may redeem or terminate the Securities (as applicable) earlier than the specified maturity or 
settlement date and repay the Holder an Early Payment Amount. The Early Payment Amount 
may be less than the price at which you purchased the Securities. See Risk Factor 5.1 "The 
Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior to their scheduled maturity for 
various unforeseen reasons, and in such case you may receive back less than your original 
investment and you may not be able to reinvest the proceeds in an equivalent investment" and 
Risk Factor 5.5 "Where applicable, the Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as 
applicable) prior to their scheduled maturity due to the occurrence of an Disruption Event" 
above.

--- Page 187 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
181 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE POTENTIAL FOR DISCRETIONARY DETERMINATIONS BY THE 
CALCULATION AGENT AND THE ISSUER 
Under the terms and conditions of your Securities, following the occurrence of certain events outside of 
its control, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer (as applicable) may exercise discretion to take one or more 
actions available to it in order to deal with the impact of such events on the Securities and (if specified 
to be applicable to the particular issue of Securities) the Issuer's hedging arrangements. Any such 
discretionary determination by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer could have a negative impact 
on the value of and return on the Securities and (amongst other things) could result in their early 
redemption. 
Below is an overview of the types of events that could give rise to a discretionary determination by the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer and the actions available to them to deal with the impact of such events. 
The specific events and available actions will vary depending on the particular issue of Securities: you 
should also read the Conditions of the Securities (set out in "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" of 
this Base Prospectus below) read together with the relevant Issue Terms which will specify the particular 
elections. 
In addition, where the Securities are Belgian Securities, the overview set out in paragraphs 1 to 10 below 
are subject to paragraph 11 below. 
1. 
What are the types of events that could give rise to a discretionary determination by the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer? 
There are three broad types of external events which could trigger a discretionary determination 
to be made by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer (as applicable):  
(i) 
external events affecting the floating rate Securities and the Reference Asset(s) – see 
paragraph 4 and, in respect of Credit Linked Securities, paragraph 6 below;  
(ii) 
external events affecting the Issuer's hedging arrangements - see paragraph 5 below; and 
(iii) 
if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
occurrence or potential occurrence of a Reference Obligor Event. 
Under the terms and conditions of the Securities, there are also other types of events which 
could trigger a discretionary determination by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer. For example, 
if the Issuer's obligations under the Securities become or will become illegal or certain taxation 
events occur, the Calculation Agent may adjust the terms of the Securities or may determine 
that the Securities shall redeem early. See, respectively, General Condition 16 (Early 
Redemption or Termination for Illegality) and General Condition 20 (Taxation and Early 
Redemption or Termination for Taxation) in "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" below, 
together with "Risk Factors" generally and Commonly Asked Question 23 (Under what 
circumstances may the Securities be redeemed or terminated before their stated maturity?). 
Further events which could trigger a discretionary determination by the Calculation Agent or 
the Issuer include disruption events in relation to the Reference Asset(s) and/or if "Bond Linked 
Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, Bond Linked Securities, 
currency disruption events and setting final values for an offering – see paragraph 7 below. 
Some of the events will only apply to certain types of Reference Asset(s) and may only apply 
in relation to any particular issuance of Securities if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
2. 
If such an event occurs, what are the discretionary determinations that the Calculation 
Agent or Issuer may take? 
Broadly, depending on the terms of the particular issue of Securities (and bearing in mind that 
different terms may apply to different types of Reference Asset(s) and where specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and subject as provided in paragraph 6 below), the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer (as applicable) may take one or more of the following actions 
in order to deal with the effect of the events outlined above:

--- Page 188 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
182 
 
2.1 
Adjustments: In respect of: 
(a) 
Share Linked Securities, Index Linked Securities, Commodity Linked Securities 
and FX Linked Securities, the Calculation Agent may adjust the terms and conditions 
of the Securities to account for the economic effect of the external event on the Reference 
Asset(s) and (where specified to be applicable) on its hedging arrangements, and to 
preserve the original economic objective and rationale of the Securities. This may 
include adjustments to the amount(s) payable and/or any variable relevant to payment or 
delivery under the Securities; and  
(b) 
Fund Linked Securities, if an Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and/or In-kind 
Redemption Proceeds Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent may defer the date of 
payment of the relevant amount under the Securities, and adjust the amount payable 
under the Securities to account for such event (including to reduce the amount payable 
on the scheduled payment date, and to determine whether any further amounts may be 
payable to reflect any amounts received or realised upon a redemption of the relevant 
fund shares). If an Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event continues to subsist and/or 
there are still outstanding in-kind redemption proceeds which have not been 
realised one year from the scheduled relevant payment date, then any outstanding 
payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of such outstanding amounts shall be 
deemed to be fully discharged without any further payment to an investor. 
2.2 
Substitution: In respect of: 
(a) 
Share Linked Securities, where "Share Substitution" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, following an Extraordinary Event (as described below), the 
Calculation Agent may substitute the Reference Asset(s) with a replacement asset 
satisfying the criteria set out in the Share Linked Provisions. The Calculation Agent may 
also make adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Securities to account for the 
Extraordinary Event and the replacement of the original Reference Asset, and to preserve 
the original economic objective and rationale of the Securities; and 
(b) 
Fund Linked Securities, following the occurrence of a Fund Event, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no adjustments to the terms of the Securities will achieve a 
commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent shall determine to (i) replace the 
affected Fund with a replacement fund as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) if 
no replacement fund is specified, or if any specified replacement fund has been 
discontinued or is subject to disruption, then the Calculation Agent would replace the 
affected Fund with a specified cash index, or (iii) if no cash index is specified, then the 
Calculation Agent may select a replacement fund or index (or replacement fund basket 
or index basket) satisfying the criteria set out in the Fund Linked Provisions. 
2.3 
Early Redemption 
The Issuer may early redeem the Securities by payment of the Early Payment Amount instead 
of the Final Redemption Amount, Redemption Amount or Settlement Amount, as applicable, 
and no other amounts shall be payable in respect of the Securities on account of interest or 
otherwise following such determination by the Issuer. See Risk Factor 5.1 "The Securities may 
be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior to their scheduled maturity for various 
unforeseen reasons, and in such case you may receive back less than your original investment 
and you may not be able to reinvest the proceeds in an equivalent investment" above and 
Commonly Asked Question 25 (How is the Early Payment Amount calculated?) above.  
2.4 
Bond Linked Securities – Reference Obligor Event 
If "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the occurrence of a Reference Obligor Event in accordance 
with the Bond Linked Provisions. In connection with the extension of the Maturity Date or the 
Settlement Date, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent will also determine if it is not 
reasonably possible to determine with certainty that a Reference Obligor Event has occurred, at

--- Page 189 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
183 
 
the time such Reference Obligor Event may have occurred in respect of any Reference Obligor 
Obligation during the period specified in the Bond Linked Provisions. 
3. 
Why is it necessary for the Calculation Agent and the Issuer to make such discretionary 
determinations following the occurrence of such events? 
The Issuer cannot continue to perform its obligations under the Securities or its related hedging 
arrangements if they become or will become illegal. In that case, the Issuer may need to (a) 
adjust the terms of the Securities so that it is no longer illegal for it to perform its obligations, 
or (b) early redeem or settle the Securities. It may also be illegal or impracticable for the Issuer 
to perform its obligations under the Securities following events which have withholding tax 
implications, changes to sanctions laws, currency disruption events (e.g., departure of a relevant 
country from Eurozone) and resolution proceedings which impact the Issuer's hedging 
arrangements. 
Where the Securities are linked to one or more Reference Assets, the investment objective of 
the Securities is to allow an investor to gain an economic exposure to the Reference Asset(s). If 
a Reference Asset is materially impacted by an unexpected event (e.g., a company merges and 
the original stock that formed a Reference Asset is restructured or changed, or the rules of an 
index that is a Reference Asset are materially modified) then it may not be possible to achieve 
the investment objective of the Securities based on the original terms and conditions of the 
Securities. The Issuer will need to make certain discretionary determinations in order to preserve 
the original economic objective and rationale of the Securities.  
In addition, if the usual source which is used to value the Reference Asset is disrupted such that 
it is not reporting a value when it is needed under the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Securities, then the Calculation Agent may need to make a discretionary determination of such 
value. Likewise, if a relevant currency is disrupted (e.g., capital controls are introduced or the 
currency is replaced with another), then the currency may need to be replaced at a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion or another discretionary action taken.  
Further, the Issuer and/or its affiliates may enter into hedging arrangements in order to manage 
its exposure in relation to its payment obligations under the Securities and to enable it to issue 
the Securities at the relevant price and on the relevant terms. If the amount(s) payable by the 
Issuer under the Securities depend on the performance of the Reference Asset(s) or an interest 
rate, the hedging arrangements may involve (a) holding the Reference Asset(s) directly, or (b) 
entering into derivative contracts with counterparties to receive a corresponding economic 
exposure to the Reference Asset(s) or the relevant interest rate, or to hedge the interest rate, 
currency rate or price risk in relation to the Reference Asset(s) or the Securities. The exercise 
of the Issuer's discretion is necessary if an external event occurs subsequent to the issuance of 
the Securities which negatively impacts the Issuer's hedging arrangements or the costs of 
maintaining such hedging arrangements. Such external events are unlikely to have been 
reflected in the original pricing of the Securities. 
If "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
investment objective of the Bond Linked Securities is to allow an investor to gain an economic 
exposure to the applicable Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligations. If 
the applicable Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligations is materially 
impacted by an unexpected event then it may not be possible to achieve the investment objective 
of the Securities based on the original terms and conditions of the Securities. The Calculation 
Agent will need to make certain discretionary determinations in order to determine whether such 
event has occurred. 
4. 
What are the types of external events affecting the floating rate Securities or the Reference 
Asset(s) or, if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the applicable Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligations 
which could trigger discretionary determinations, and what sorts of determinations will 
be made? 
The external event that is most likely to affect Floating Rate Notes or Floating Rate Coupon 
Certificates will be where (i) the interest or coupon rate is unavailable or permanently

--- Page 190 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
184 
 
discontinued, (ii) there has been a public statement or publication of information by the relevant 
regulatory supervisor or administrator announcing that the interest or coupon rate is no longer 
representative of the market or economic reality that it is intended to measure or (iii) there has 
been a material change in the methodology or formula of the interest or coupon rate.  
If such external events occur, the rate of interest or coupon on any Securities which reference 
such rate will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such 
Securities. The Calculation Agent may determine to obtain the interest or coupon rate in 
accordance with the following methodologies:  
(i) 
where the rate is a Compounded RFR, the rate shall be replaced by the applicable 
Recommended Fallback Rate. Where the Recommended Fallback Rate is used, the 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustments that it determines to be appropriate, if 
any, to any one or more of the Conditions or other terms of the Securities, including, 
without limitation, any Condition or term relevant to the settlement or payment under the 
Securities, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to preserve the economics of 
the Securities and to otherwise account for such replacement; 
(ii) 
where the rate is a Compounded Index, the rate shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to: 
(a) 
the last published level of the applicable Compounded Index; 
(b) 
the benchmark methodology for the applicable Compounded Index, as published 
by the administrator thereof; and 
(c) 
the Underlying RFR, as provided by the administrator of the Underlying RFR for 
each day in respect of which the Underlying RFR is required for such 
determination; 
(iii) 
where the rate is a Compounded Index and the Underlying RFR has been discontinued, 
the rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to: 
(a) 
the last published level of the applicable Compounded Index; 
(b) 
the benchmark methodology for the applicable Compounded Index, as published 
by the administrator thereof; and 
(c) 
the rate that would apply for derivative transactions referencing the 2021 
Definitions with respect to the applicable Underlying RFR; 
(iv) 
where the rate is a Swap Rate, the rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the alternative rate of interest or coupon formally recommended by (in the 
following order): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency in which the rate is denominated; or 
(b) 
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank, the central bank (if 
different) or other supervisor responsible for supervising (i) the rate, or (ii) the 
administrator of the rate; or 
(c) 
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank or supervisor, any 
working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by any such central 
bank or supervisor, or any group thereof, or 
(d) 
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (a), (b) or (c), the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof, or 
(e) 
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (a), (b), (c) or (d), where 
such alternative rate of interest or coupon is substantially the same as the rate, the 
administrator,

--- Page 191 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
185 
 
provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no such alternative rate of 
interest or coupon, the rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
such other reference rate(s) and/or price source(s) and/or combination thereof that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative to the rate. 
Notwithstanding the above, where (a) the rate is not a rate in respect of which a determination 
methodology is specified in any of paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, or (b) the rate is a 
rate in respect of which a determination methodology is specified in any of paragraphs (i), (ii), 
(iii) and (iv) above and "Generic Permanent Fallback" is specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate in respect of such Securities in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, 
as: 
(i) 
a substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source that it has 
determined is the industry-accepted standard in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source for the relevant rate; or 
(ii) 
if it determines there is no such industry-accepted standard in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, index, 
benchmark or other price source, then a substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark 
or other price source that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the 
rate, taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market), 
provided that: 
(i) any such substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source may (without 
limitation) comprise a replacement rate which is determined on a backwards-looking 
compounding basis by reference to a "risk-free rate"; (ii) there may be more than one such 
substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source (which may be applied as 
of one or more effective dates); (iii) the replacement rate may include an adjustment factor or 
adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative); and (iv) the terms and conditions of the 
Securities may be subject to adjustment as described in the paragraph immediately below. 
If the Calculation Agent determines the rate of interest or coupon in accordance with the above, 
it may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, 
calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the 
Securities to account for such change to the method of determination of the rate of interest or 
coupon, including in order to reduce or eliminate any change in the economic value of the 
Securities from such change to the method of determination of the rate of interest or coupon. 
Any such adjustment(s) may include an adjustment factor and/or adjustment spread together 
with any technical, administrative or operational changes. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the application of these provisions (i) would not achieve 
a commercially reasonable result (because it is not possible or commercially reasonable to 
identify a replacement or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source or relevant 
adjustments or for any other reason) and/or (ii) is or would be unlawful at any time under any 
applicable law or regulation or it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements to 
determine the interest or coupon amount upon in accordance with the terms of such provisions, 
the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the 
Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal 
to the Early Payment Amount (subject to as provided in the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Securities). In such case, you may lose some or all of your investment. See General Condition 
4.2(c) (Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark 
Event) or General Condition 8.2(c) (Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event), as applicable.  
The external events that may affect a Reference Asset will vary depending on the type of 
Reference Asset and are summarised in the table below. For the purpose of this section, a

--- Page 192 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
186 
 
Reference Asset can be a Share, an Index, a Commodity, a Commodity Index, an FX Rate or a 
Fund. 
Type(s) 
of 
Reference 
Asset 
Type of event 
Summary of the event(s) 
Type of Consequence 
Equity Share, 
ETF or Fund 
Potential 
Adjustment 
Events 
Corporate actions which have 
a dilutive or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value 
of the share or fund share (as 
applicable) (e.g., a stock split 
or a distribution payment to 
holders of the shares or fund 
shares) 
Adjustments 
(as 
described in paragraph 
2.1(a) above)  
Equity Share 
Extraordinary 
Events 
Events 
which 
materially 
impact the business of the 
share issuer, such as a merger 
event, a tender offer, the 
nationalisation of the relevant 
shares or assets of the share 
issuer, 
the 
share 
issuer 
becomes 
insolvent 
or 
a 
delisting of the relevant shares 
on an exchange 
EITHER 
Adjustments 
(as 
described in paragraph 
2.1(a) above) 
OR  
Substitution 
(as 
described in paragraph 
2.2(a) above) 
OR 
(if 
the 
above 
options will not lead to 
a 
commercially 
reasonable 
result), 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
ETF 
Extraordinary 
Events 
(i) Events which materially 
impact the business of the ETF 
share issuer, such as a merger 
event, a tender offer, the 
nationalisation of the relevant 
shares or assets of the share 
issuer, 
the 
share 
issuer 
becomes 
insolvent 
or 
a 
delisting of the relevant shares 
on an exchange,  
(ii) the failure to publish the 
net asset value of the share of 
the ETF or  
(iii) a material change in the 
formula for, or the method of, 
calculating 
the 
underlying 
index of the ETF 
First, Adjustments (as 
described in paragraph 
2.1(a) above) 
Second, 
Substitution 
with a replacement ETF 
(and Calculation Agent 
in its sole discretion 
will 
determine 
the 
appropriate 
date 
for 
such substitution) 
Third, Substitution with 
replacement index (and 
Calculation Agent in its 
sole 
and 
absolute 
discretion will make 
any 
adjustments 
as 
appropriate to account 
for such substitution)  
OR Fourth, (if the 
Calculation Agent is 
unable to or does not

--- Page 193 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
187 
 
pick 
a 
replacement 
index) 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above)  
Successor 
Index 
Event 
(ETF) 
The index underlying the ETF 
is 
either 
calculated 
and 
announced by a successor 
sponsor or replaced by a 
successor index (using the 
same (or substantially similar) 
formula) 
Replace with successor 
index 
(and 
any 
adjustments 
as 
appropriate to account 
for such successor) 
(if 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
does 
not 
determine a successor 
index) 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Commodity 
Successor to a 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price 
The 
commodity 
reference 
price (a) is calculated and 
announced by a successor 
entity to the original price 
source for such commodity 
reference price, or (b) is 
replaced 
by 
a 
successor 
reference price (calculated 
using 
the 
same 
(or 
substantially 
similar) 
formula), or (c) ceases to be 
calculated or announced by the 
price source, and/or formula or 
method of calculating the 
commodity reference price 
materially changes, but one or 
more prices in respect of the 
same Commodity exists and 
such prices are generally 
accepted or recognised as 
successor 
prices 
to 
the 
commodity reference price 
Replace with successor 
commodity 
reference 
price (and, in the case of 
(c), 
the 
Calculation 
Agent may determine 
which of the successor 
prices shall replace the 
commodity 
reference 
price) 
Administrator/ 
Benchmark 
Event 
Any 
authorisation, 
registration, 
recognition, 
endorsement, 
equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion 
in any official register in 
respect of the commodity 
reference 
price 
or 
the 
administrator or sponsor of the 
commodity reference price has 
not been, or will not be, 
obtained or has been, or will 
be, 
rejected, 
refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by 
the 
relevant 
competent 
authority or other relevant 
official 
body, 
or 
any 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above)

--- Page 194 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
188 
 
prohibition by a relevant 
competent authority or other 
relevant official body 
Non-compliant 
Fallbacks 
It would be unlawful or 
contradictory 
to 
any 
applicable 
licensing 
requirements 
for 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
to 
determine 
the 
commodity 
reference price or make any 
other determination in respect 
of the Securities which it 
would otherwise be obliged to 
do so 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Equity Index, 
Commodity 
Index 
Successor 
Index Sponsor 
or 
Successor 
Index 
The index is either calculated 
and announced by a successor 
sponsor or replaced by a 
successor index (using the 
same (or substantially similar) 
formula 
Replace with successor 
index 
(and 
any 
adjustments 
as 
appropriate to account 
for such successor) 
Index 
Adjustment 
Events or 
Commodity 
Index 
Adjustment 
Events 
Events 
which 
materially 
impact on the calculation of 
the index - for example, the 
relevant sponsor cancels the 
index, fails to calculate the 
level of the index or materially 
changes 
the 
formula 
for 
calculating the index 
Calculate the relevant 
level of the index 
If 
not 
reasonably 
practical (taking into 
account 
the 
costs 
involved) to calculate 
the index, rebase the 
Securities 
against 
another index (or basket 
of indices) comparable 
to the original index 
(and any adjustments as 
appropriate to account 
for such rebasing) 
(if 
the 
Calculation 
Agent determines that 
there is no comparable 
index or that it would 
not 
produce 
a 
commercially 
reasonable result) 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Non-compliant 
Fallbacks 
It would be unlawful or 
contradictory 
to 
any 
applicable 
licensing 
requirements 
for 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
to 
determine the level of index or 
make any other determination 
in respect of the Securities 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above)

--- Page 195 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
189 
 
which it would otherwise be 
obliged to do so 
FX Rate 
Successor 
Currency 
Where a country has lawfully 
eliminated, 
converted, 
redenominated or exchanged 
its currency (which is the 
reference currency for the 
Securities) for a successor 
currency 
The Calculation Agent 
will 
calculate 
the 
relevant amounts in the 
successor currency by 
applying the ratio for 
converting the original 
currency 
to 
the 
successor 
currency 
based 
on 
(a) 
the 
exchange rate set forth 
by the relevant country, 
or (b) determine the 
relevant exchange rate 
for such conversion, 
unless the successor 
currency in Euro, in 
which 
case 
the 
replacement shall be 
determined 
in 
accordance with the 
applicable laws 
Rebasing 
of 
Securities 
Where the Calculation Agent 
is not able to obtain a value for 
the relevant FX rate, due to the 
relevant currencies for such 
FX rate ceasing to exist other 
than 
for 
a 
temporary 
disruption 
Rebase the Securities 
against another FX rate 
comparable 
to 
the 
original FX rate  
(if 
the 
Calculation 
Agent determines that 
there is no comparable 
FX rate) 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Administrator/ 
Benchmark 
Event 
Any 
authorisation, 
registration, 
recognition, 
endorsement, 
equivalence 
decision 
, 
approval 
or 
inclusion 
in 
any 
official 
register in respect of the 
relevant FX rate or the 
administrator or sponsor of the 
relevant FX rate has not been, 
or will not be, obtained or has 
been, or will be, rejected, 
refused, 
suspended 
or 
withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other 
relevant official body, or any 
prohibition by a relevant 
competent authority or other 
relevant official body 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above)

--- Page 196 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
190 
 
Non-compliant 
Fallbacks 
It would be unlawful or 
contradictory 
to 
any 
applicable 
licensing 
requirements 
for 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
to 
determine the relevant FX rate 
or 
make 
any 
other 
determination in respect of the 
Securities which it would 
otherwise be obliged to do so 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Fund 
Fund Events 
Events 
which 
materially 
impact the business of a fund, 
its management company or 
its service providers, including 
insolvency, 
a 
merger, 
termination 
of 
the 
fund, 
nationalisation of a fund, and 
any fund extraordinary events 
(such as litigations involving a 
fund, events which affect the 
calculation of the net asset 
value and performance of a 
fund, or which affect the 
trading 
of 
a 
fund, 
any 
operational failures, or other 
legal 
and 
regulatory 
constraints) 
First, Adjustments (as 
described in paragraph 
2.1(b) above) 
Second, 
Substitution 
(as 
described in paragraph 
2.2(b) above) 
Third, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that 
no 
adjustments 
will 
achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, or it 
is 
not 
commercially 
practicable to select a 
substitution 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Unpaid 
Redemption 
Proceeds 
Event 
and/or 
In-kind 
Redemption 
Proceeds 
Event 
Where a hypothetical investor 
holding the relevant fund 
shares in a fund would, if they 
were to apply for a redemption 
of such fund shares, (a) not 
receive in full (or substantially 
the full) the amount payable 
within the time limit specified 
in the relevant fund offering 
document, and/or (b) receive 
any in-kind distribution per 
fund share in full or part 
satisfaction of the amount 
payable in respect of such 
redemption 
Adjustments 
(as 
described in paragraph 
2.1(b) above) 
 
The external events that may affect a Reference Bond and/or relevant Reference Obligor 
Obligations (as applicable) will vary depending on whether "Reference Bond Only" is specified 
as applicable or not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and are summarised in the table 
below. See the Bond Linked Provisions.  
Reference 
Obligor 
Event 
Summary of the event(s) 
Type 
of 
Consequence

--- Page 197 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
191 
 
Reference 
Obligor 
Acceleration 
A Reference Bond has or one or more 
Reference Obligor Obligations of the 
Reference Obligor (as applicable) have 
become due and payable before it or they 
(as applicable) would otherwise have been 
due and payable as a result of, or on the 
basis of, the occurrence of a default, event 
of default or other similar condition or 
event (however described in the terms and 
conditions governing such Reference 
Bond or Reference Obligor Obligations 
(as applicable) as of the Observation Start 
Date) other than a failure to make any 
required payment. 
Early redemption of 
the Securities at the 
Early 
Payment 
Amount 
Reference 
Obligor 
Default 
A Reference Bond has or one or more 
Reference Obligor Obligations of the 
Reference Obligor (as applicable) have 
become capable of being declared due and 
payable before it or they (as applicable) 
would otherwise have been due and 
payable as a result of, or on the basis of, 
the occurrence of a default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event 
(however described in the terms and 
conditions governing such Reference 
Bond or Reference Obligor Obligations 
(as applicable) as of the Observation Start 
Date), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, notwithstanding any 
grace period set forth in the terms and 
conditions governing such Reference 
Bond 
or 
such 
Reference 
Obligor 
Obligations (as applicable). 
Early redemption of 
the Securities at the 
Early 
Payment 
Amount 
Reference 
Obligor 
Failure to Pay 
 
In respect of a Reference Bond or one or 
more Reference Obligor Obligations of 
the Reference Obligor (as applicable), the 
failure by the Reference Obligor to make, 
when and where due, any payment under 
a Reference Bond or such Reference 
Obligor 
Obligations 
(as 
applicable) 
(disregarding for this purpose, in respect 
of the Reference Bond only, any terms 
allowing for non-payment, deferral (other 
than as by operation of standard business 
day conventions) or adjustments to any 
scheduled payments and any notice or 
grace period in respect thereof), provided 
that such failure is not remedied on or 
before the third Business Day (inclusive) 
immediately 
following 
the 
relevant 
scheduled payment date, notwithstanding 
any grace period set forth in the terms and 
conditions governing such Reference 
Bond 
or 
such 
Reference 
Obligor 
Obligations (as applicable) at the time of 
such failure. 
Early redemption of 
the Securities at the 
Early 
Payment 
Amount

--- Page 198 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
192 
 
If an occurrence that would constitute a 
Reference Obligor Failure to Pay (i) is a 
result of a redenomination that occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority which is of general application 
in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority and (b) a freely available 
market rate of conversion existed at the 
time of the redenomination, then such 
occurrence will be deemed not to 
constitute a Reference Obligor Failure to 
Pay unless the redenomination itself 
constituted a reduction in the rate or 
amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable (as determined by reference to 
such freely available market rate of 
conversion) 
at 
the 
time 
of 
such 
redenomination. 
Reference 
Obligor 
Potential Failure to Pay 
In respect of a Reference Bond or one or 
more Reference Obligor Obligations of 
the Reference Obligor (as applicable), the 
failure by the Reference Obligor to make, 
when and where due, any payment under 
a Reference Bond or such Reference 
Obligor 
Obligations 
(as 
applicable) 
(disregarding for this purpose, any terms 
allowing for non-payment, deferral (other 
than as by operation of standard business 
day conventions) or adjustments to any 
scheduled payments and any notice or 
grace period in respect thereof), without 
regard to any grace period or any 
conditions 
precedent 
to 
the 
commencement of any grace period 
applicable to such Reference Bond or 
Reference 
Obligor 
Obligations 
(as 
applicable). 
Extension 
of 
the 
Maturity Date or the 
Settlement Date (as 
applicable) to the 
second 
Business 
Day 
after 
the 
Observation 
Extension Date if, in 
respect 
of 
the 
Maturity Date or the 
Settlement Date (as 
applicable), 
a 
Reference 
Obligor 
Potential Failure to 
Pay has occurred 
and is continuing 
with respect to a 
Reference Bond or, 
if "Reference Bond 
Only" is specified as 
not applicable in the 
Issue Terms, any 
Reference 
Obligor 
Obligation 
(as 
applicable) but has 
not yet resulted in a 
Reference 
Obligor 
Failure to Pay. 
Reference 
Obligor 
Governmental 
Intervention 
In respect of a Reference Bond or one or 
more Reference Obligor Obligations of 
the Reference Obligor (as applicable), if 
any one or more of the following events 
occurs as a result of action taken or an 
announcement made, by a Governmental 
Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a 
restructuring and resolution law or 
regulation (or any other similar law or 
regulation), in each case, applicable to the 
Reference Obligor, in a form which is 
binding, irrespective of whether such 
Early redemption of 
the Securities at the 
Early 
Payment 
Amount

--- Page 199 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
193 
 
event is expressly provided for under the 
terms of the Reference Bond or the 
Reference 
Obligor 
Obligations 
(as 
applicable), in each case, 
(i) 
any event which would affect 
creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or 
amount 
of 
interest 
payable or the amount 
of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by 
way 
of 
redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount 
of principal or premium 
payable at redemption 
(including by way of 
redenomination); 
(C) 
a postponement or other 
deferral of a date or 
dates for either (1) the 
payment or accrual of 
interest 
or 
(2) 
the 
payment of principal or 
premium; or 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in 
priority of payment of 
any obligation under the 
Reference Bond or the 
relevant 
Reference 
Obligor Obligations (as 
applicable), causing the 
Subordination of such 
obligation to any other 
Reference 
Obligor 
Obligation 
of 
the 
Reference Obligor; 
(ii) 
an expropriation, transfer or 
other event which mandatorily 
changes the beneficial holder of 
the Reference Bond or the 
relevant 
Reference 
Obligor 
Obligations (as applicable); 
(iii) 
a 
mandatory 
cancellation, 
conversion or exchange; or 
(iv) 
any 
event 
which 
has 
an 
analogous effect to any of the 
events specified in paragraphs (i) 
to (iii) above. 
For purposes of this definition of 
"Reference 
Obligor 
Governmental 
Intervention", the term Reference Obligor

--- Page 200 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
194 
 
Obligation shall be deemed to include 
Underlying Obligations for which the 
Reference Obligor is acting as provider of 
a Reference Obligor Guarantee. 
Reference Obligor ISDA 
Event 
There is a public announcement by or on 
behalf of or in relation to ISDA or by any 
DC Secretary or other person who may 
perform an analogous role in relation to 
the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
of the occurrence of a Credit Event (as 
defined pursuant to applicable ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions) in relation 
to the Reference Obligor in respect of a 
Reference Bond or any Reference Obligor 
Obligation (as applicable). 
Early redemption of 
the Securities at the 
Early 
Payment 
Amount 
Reference 
Obligor 
Bankruptcy 
The Reference Obligor: 
(i) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant 
to a consolidation, amalgamation 
or merger); 
(ii) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to 
pay its debts or fails or admits in 
writing in a judicial, regulatory 
or administrative proceeding or 
filing its inability generally to 
pay its debts as they become due; 
(iii) 
makes a general assignment, 
arrangement, 
scheme 
or 
composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors generally, 
or such a general assignment, 
arrangement, 
scheme 
or 
composition becomes effective; 
(iv) 
institutes or has instituted against 
it 
a 
proceeding 
seeking 
a 
judgment 
of 
insolvency 
or 
bankruptcy or any other similar 
relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a 
petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation, and, 
in 
the 
case 
of 
any 
such 
proceeding or petition instituted 
or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition: 
(a) 
results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy 
or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an 
order for its winding-up 
or liquidation; or  
(b) 
is 
not 
dismissed, 
discharged, 
stayed 
or 
Early redemption of 
the Securities at the 
Early 
Payment 
Amount

--- Page 201 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
195 
 
restrained in each case 
within 
thirty 
calendar 
days of the institution or 
presentation thereof; 
(v) 
has a resolution passed for its 
winding-up or liquidation (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); 
(vi) 
seeks or becomes subject to the 
appointment of an administrator, 
provisional 
liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, 
custodian or other similar official 
for it or for all or substantially all 
its assets; 
(vii) 
has 
a 
secured 
party 
take 
possession of all or substantially 
all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, 
attachment, 
sequestration or other legal 
process levied, enforced or sued 
on or against all or substantially 
all its assets and such secured 
party maintains possession, or 
any 
such 
process 
is 
not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within 
thirty calendar days thereafter; or  
(viii) 
causes or is subject to any event 
with respect to it which, under 
the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous 
effect to any of the events 
specified in sub-paragraphs (i) to 
(vii) above. 
Reference 
Obligor 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
An authorised officer of the Reference 
Obligor or a Governmental Authority (i) 
disaffirms, 
disclaims, 
repudiates 
or 
rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges 
the validity of, a Reference Bond or one or 
more Reference Obligor Obligations (as 
applicable); or (ii) declares or imposes a 
moratorium, 
standstill, 
roll-over 
or 
deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with 
respect to a Reference Bond or one or 
more Reference Obligor Obligations (as 
applicable). 
Early redemption of 
the Securities at the 
Early 
Payment 
Amount 
Reference 
Obligor 
Restructuring 
(a) 
Any one or more of the following 
events occurs with respect to the 
Reference Bond or one or more 
Reference Obligor Obligations 
of the Reference Obligor (as 
applicable) in a form that (i) 
binds 
all 
holders 
of 
such 
Reference Bond or Reference 
Early redemption of 
the Securities at the 
Early 
Payment 
Amount

--- Page 202 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
196 
 
Obligor 
Obligations 
(as 
applicable); 
(ii) 
is 
agreed 
between the Reference Obligor 
or a Governmental Authority and 
a sufficient number of holders of 
such Reference Bond or such 
Reference Obligor Obligations 
(as applicable) to bind all holders 
of the Reference Bond or such 
Reference Obligor Obligations 
(as 
applicable); 
or 
(iii) 
is 
announced 
(or 
otherwise 
decreed) 
by 
the 
Reference 
Obligor or a Governmental 
Authority in a form that binds all 
holders of such Reference Bond 
or 
Reference 
Obligor 
Obligations 
(as 
applicable) 
(including, in each case, in 
respect of a Reference Bond or 
Reference Obligor Obligations 
(as applicable) in the form of, or 
represented by, a bond, note 
(other 
than 
notes 
delivered 
pursuant 
to 
term 
loan 
agreements, 
revolving 
loan 
agreements or other similar 
credit agreements), certificated 
debt security or other debt 
security, by way of an exchange), 
and such event is not expressly 
provided for under the terms of 
such Reference Bond or such 
Reference Obligor Obligations 
(as applicable) in effect as of the 
Observation Start Date or the 
later of the Observation Start 
Date and the date as of which 
such 
Reference 
Obligor 
Obligation is issued or incurred 
(as applicable), 
in each case: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or 
amount 
of 
interest 
payable or the amount of 
scheduled 
interest 
accruals (including by 
way of redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount 
of principal or premium 
payable at redemption 
(including by way of 
redenomination); 
(C) 
a postponement or other 
deferral of a date or dates 
for either:

--- Page 203 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
197 
 
(i) 
the payment or 
accrual of interest; 
or 
(ii) 
the payment of 
principal 
or 
premium; 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in 
priority of payment of 
such Reference Bond or 
such Reference Obligor 
Obligations 
(as 
applicable), causing the 
Subordination of such 
Reference Bond or such 
Reference 
Obligor 
Obligations 
(as 
applicable) 
to 
the 
Reference Bond or any 
other Reference Obligor 
Obligation 
(as 
applicable); 
(E) 
any 
change 
in 
the 
currency of any payment 
of interest, principal or 
premium. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the above, none 
of the following shall constitute a 
Reference 
Obligor 
Restructuring: 
(A) 
the payment in euros of 
interest, 
principal 
or 
premium in relation to the 
Reference Bond or any 
Reference 
Obligor 
Obligation (as applicable) 
denominated 
in 
a 
currency of a Member 
State of the European 
Union that adopts or has 
adopted 
the 
single 
currency in accordance 
with the EC Treaty;  
(B) 
the redenomination from 
euros 
into 
another 
currency, 
if 
(I) 
the 
redenomination occurs as 
a result of action taken by 
a 
Governmental 
Authority of a Member 
State of the European 
Union which is of general 
application 
in 
the 
jurisdiction 
of 
such 
Governmental Authority 
and (II) a freely available

--- Page 204 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
198 
 
market rate of conversion 
between euros and such 
other currency existed at 
the 
time 
of 
such 
redenomination and there 
is no reduction in the rate 
or amount of interest, 
principal 
or 
premium 
payable, as determined by 
reference to such freely 
available market rate of 
conversion; 
(C) 
the 
occurrence 
of, 
agreement 
to 
or 
announcement of any of 
the events described in 
sub-paragraphs (a)(A) to 
(E) above due to an 
administrative 
adjustment, 
accounting 
adjustment 
or 
tax 
adjustment 
or 
other 
technical 
adjustment 
occurring in the ordinary 
course of business; and 
(D) 
the 
occurrence 
of, 
agreement 
to 
or 
announcement of any of 
the events described in 
sub-paragraphs (a)(A) to 
(E) 
above 
in 
circumstances where such 
event does not directly or 
indirectly result from a 
deterioration 
in 
the 
creditworthiness 
or 
financial condition of the 
Reference 
Obligor, 
provided that in respect of 
sub-paragraph 
(a)(E) 
only, 
no 
such 
deterioration 
in 
the 
creditworthiness 
or 
financial condition of the 
Reference 
Obligor 
is 
required 
where 
the 
redenomination is from 
euros 
into 
another 
currency and occurs as a 
result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority 
of a Member State of the 
European Union which is 
of general application in 
the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority.

--- Page 205 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
199 
 
(c) 
If an exchange has occurred, the 
determination as to whether one 
of the events described under 
sub-paragraphs (a)(A) to (E) 
above has occurred will be based 
on a comparison of the terms of 
the Reference Bond or Reference 
Obligor 
Obligation 
(as 
applicable) immediately prior to 
such exchange and the terms of 
the 
resulting 
obligations 
immediately 
following 
such 
exchange.  
(d) 
For purposes of this definition of 
"Reference 
Obligor 
Restructuring" and the definition 
of "Multiple Holder Obligation", 
the term Reference Obligor 
Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations 
for which the Reference Obligor 
is acting as provider of a 
Reference Obligor Guarantee. In 
the case of a Reference Obligor 
Guarantee and an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the 
Reference 
Obligor 
in 
sub-
paragraph (a) of this definition (if 
"Reference 
Bond 
Only" 
is 
specified as not applicable in the 
Issue Terms) shall be deemed to 
refer to the Underlying Obligor 
and 
the 
reference 
to 
the 
Reference 
Obligor 
in 
sub-
paragraph (b) shall continue to 
refer to the Reference Obligor. 
(e) 
Unless 
"Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation" is specified as not 
applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, then, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the 
definition of Reference Obligor 
Restructuring, the occurrence of, 
agreement to or announcement of 
any of the events described in 
sub-paragraphs (a)(A) to (E) 
above shall not be a Reference 
Obligor Restructuring unless the 
Reference Bond or the Reference 
Obligor 
Obligation, 
as 
applicable, in respect of any such 
events is a Multiple Holder 
Obligation. 
Reference Bond Early 
Redemption 
In respect of a Reference Bond:  
(i) 
an early repayment at par of the 
Reference Bond other than in 
Early redemption of 
the Securities at the 
Early 
Payment 
Amount

--- Page 206 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
200 
 
accordance with its terms and 
conditions; 
(ii) 
an early redemption of the 
Reference Bond for tax reasons 
in accordance with its terms and 
conditions; 
(iii) 
an early redemption of the 
Reference Bond at, below or 
above par in accordance with its 
terms and conditions; or  
(iv)  
any 
other 
early 
redemption 
and/or early repayment of the 
Reference Bond in accordance 
with its terms and conditions, 
including, without limitation, any 
partial or total call of the 
Reference 
Bond 
by 
the 
Reference Obligor, 
and which shall, in each case, include 
where such redemption or repayment (as 
applicable) is not of the entire series of 
Reference Bonds but is of one or more 
Reference Bonds, save for where such 
early redemption or repayment (as 
applicable) relates solely to the nature or 
status of the particular holder or such 
holder's 
compliance 
with 
any 
requirements to be a holder or to receive 
payments on such Reference Bond. 
 
5. 
What are the types of external events affecting the Issuer's hedging arrangements which 
could trigger discretionary determinations, and what sorts of determinations will be 
made? 
There are a number of "Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event", as summarised in the following 
table (see General Condition 17 (Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event) in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities" below):  
Type of Event 
Summary of the event(s) 
Type of Consequence 
Extraordinary 
Hedge 
Sanctions 
Event 
A change in law relating to financial sanctions 
and embargo programmes makes the Issuer's 
and/or its affiliates' hedging transactions under 
the Securities illegal (or those of JPMorgan 
Chase & Co. as if it was party to such 
transactions). The rationale for the extension of 
Extraordinary 
Hedge 
Sanctions 
Event 
to 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. in addition to the 
Hedging Entity is that the corporate policy of 
JPMorgan Chase may require global uniformity 
with sanction regimes, even where a sanction 
only applies to JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above)

--- Page 207 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
201 
 
Extraordinary 
Hedge Bail-in 
Event 
The Issuer and/or its affiliates or its counterparty 
under the relevant hedging transactions becomes 
subject to a European 'resolution regime' and 
thereby subject to the exercise of a 'bail-in' or 
other resolution power 
Extraordinary 
Hedge 
Currency 
Disruption 
Event 
A governmental authority introduces, or is likely 
to introduce, a new currency or capital controls 
and, as a result, the payment obligations under 
the hedge transactions relating to the Securities 
are redenominated into another currency or are 
subject to capital controls or are otherwise 
materially adversely affected 
 
There are a number of "Disruption Events", as summarised in the following table (see General 
Condition 21 (Disruption Event) in "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" below): 
Type of Event 
Summary of the event(s) 
Type of Consequence 
Change in Law 
(Hedge) 
As a result of a change in any applicable law, 
or as a result of a change in the interpretation 
of any applicable law, (i) it has (or, it will, 
within the next 15 days prior to the maturity 
of the Securities) become unlawful or illegal 
for the Underlying Hedge Entity to conduct 
its hedging arrangements in relation to the 
Securities or (ii) the Underlying Hedge Entity 
will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing 
its 
obligations 
under 
the 
Securities 
Adjustments 
(as 
described in paragraph 
2.1(a) above) 
OR 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Hedging 
Disruption 
An event which impacts the ability of the 
Underlying Hedge Entity and/or its affiliates 
to hedge the risk of the Issuer issuing, 
entering into and performing its obligations 
under the Securities (e.g. if the Underlying 
Hedge Entity is unable to enter into a hedge 
or to realise the proceeds of a hedge) 
Adjustments 
(as 
described in paragraph 
2.1(a) above) 
OR 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
In addition to the above, the external events that may affect the Issuer's hedging arrangements 
will vary depending on the type of Reference Asset and are summarised in table below:  
Type(s) 
of 
Reference 
Asset 
Type of event 
Summary of the event(s) 
Type of Consequence 
All 
Change in law 
As a result of a change in any 
applicable law, or as a result of 
a change in the interpretation 
of any applicable law, it has 
(or, it will, within the next 15 
days prior to the maturity of 
the 
Securities), 
become 
unlawful or illegal to conduct 
its hedging arrangements in 
relation to the Securities (or, in 
the case of a fund only, the 
Adjustments 
(as 
described in paragraph 
2.1(a) above) 
OR (in the case of Share 
Linked 
Securities, 
Index Linked Securities 
and 
Fund 
Linked 
Securities)

--- Page 208 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
202 
 
value of the fund shares are or 
will be materially adversely 
affected or the rights and 
remedies of a hypothetical 
investor holding the relevant 
fund shares are or will be 
materially adversely affected) 
AND/OR (in the case of 
Commodity 
Linked 
Securities 
and 
FX 
Linked Securities) 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Change in law-
Increased Cost 
As a result of a change in any 
applicable law, it will incur a 
materially increased cost in 
performing 
its 
obligations 
under the Securities 
 
Hedging 
Disruption 
An event which impacts the 
ability of the Issuer and/or its 
affiliates to hedge the risk of 
the Issuer issuing, entering 
into 
and 
performing 
its 
obligations 
under 
the 
Securities (e.g., if the Issuer is 
unable to enter into a hedge or 
to realise the proceeds of a 
hedge) 
 
 
Taxation 
Events 
The Issuer becomes subject to 
withholding tax on payments 
made to it as a result of 
Holders failing to provide 
information 
required 
by 
FATCA, there is a substantial 
likelihood that it will violate 
any requirement of, or an 
agreement entered into with a 
taxing authority with respect 
to, FATCA or there is a 
substantial likelihood that a 
series of Securities will be 
treated, 
for 
U.S. 
federal 
income tax purposes, as being 
in bearer form. OR 
The occurrence of certain 
taxation events with respect to 
the Securities or (if specified 
to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms) with respect to 
the Issuer's (or its affiliates') 
underlying 
hedging 
transactions. 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
Equity Share 
and ETF 
Insolvency 
Filing 
An event which impacts on the 
transferability of the shares as 
a result of insolvency or 
similar proceedings affecting 
the share issuer

--- Page 209 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
203 
 
Commodity 
and 
Commodity 
Index 
Commodity 
Hedging 
Disruption 
Event 
As a result of a change in any 
applicable law, it is contrary to 
such law for the Issuer and/or 
its affiliates to engage in any 
underlying 
or 
hedging 
transactions relating to the 
Securities and/or Reference 
Asset in respect of the Issuer's 
obligations 
under 
such 
Securities 
Early Redemption (as 
described in paragraph 
2.3 above) 
6. 
What are the types of external events affecting the Reference Asset(s) in respect of Credit 
Linked Notes which could trigger discretionary determinations, and what sorts of 
determinations will be made? 
In respect of Credit Linked Securities, the Calculation Agent may make certain determinations 
relating to the Securities, including (but not limited to) the following: 
(a) 
in the absence of a determination by the CDDC, whether an Event Determination Date 
has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity; 
(b) 
where "Auction Settlement" does not apply, the Final Redemption Amount on the basis 
of bid quotations from third party dealers in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, 
including the selection of (A) the Valuation Obligations on which the final price will be 
based, (B) third party dealers from which to obtain bid quotations and (C) the date for 
the valuation of the Valuation Obligations; 
(c) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event (if applicable), to 
trigger an Event Determination Date in relation to a part or all of the Credit Position in 
respect of such Reference Entity (and, in respect of Single Name CLNs, triggering a 
redemption in part of the Securities);  
(d) 
following a merger between the Reference Entity and the Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable) or if the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) and the Reference Entity 
become affiliates, whether to redeem the Securities early; and 
(e) 
in the absence of a determination by the CDDC, the determination of any Successor(s) 
in respect of a Reference Entity; and 
(f) 
where there are multiple Auctions held concurrently in respect of a Reference Entity, 
determining the Auction which will apply to the Securities. 
Holders should note that any determination and/or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall, 
in the absence of manifest error, be final and binding on the Issuer and the Holders. 
However, Holders should note that where a determination by the Calculation Agent is overruled 
by a decision of the CDDC within 90 calendar days of such Calculation Agent's determination, 
the Calculation Agent shall defer to such CDDC determination for the purposes of the Securities 
provided that such CDDC determination is made at least five business day before the relevant 
maturity date and the Calculation Agent shall, within a reasonable time period, make all 
necessary amendments to the terms of the Securities or undertake all necessary actions to give 
effect to the adoption of the CDDC determination. 
7. 
Are there any other situations where the Calculation Agent or the Issuer may make 
discretionary determinations? 
(a) 
Disruption events affecting the valuation of a Reference Asset 
If the Issuer determines that a disruption event in relation to a Reference Asset has 
occurred which affects the valuation of such Reference Asset on any relevant day, the

--- Page 210 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
204 
 
Issuer may postpone, or apply alternative provisions for, the valuation of such Reference 
Asset (such as by making its own determination of the value of such Reference Asset). 
Such determination(s) may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities. 
(b) 
Currency disruption events affecting the Issuer's ability to make payment 
If a payment disruption occurs, the Issuer may delay payment of any amounts due (or 
shortly to be due) under the Securities following the occurrence of certain currency 
disruption events which affect its ability to make such payment. If such event continues 
on the specified cut-off date, the Issuer will make payment of an equivalent amount of 
the relevant amount in U.S. Dollars on the extended date. If the U.S. Dollar is subject to 
inconvertibility, non-transferability, capital controls or other conditions affecting its 
availability, the Issuer's payment obligations under the Securities shall be written down 
to zero. Such events are unlikely to have been reflected in the original pricing of the 
Securities. 
(c) 
Setting of certain indicative inputs by the Issuer 
Certain inputs (such as the rate of interest or participation level) which are used to 
calculate the amount(s) payable under the Securities may not be set by the Issuer at the 
start of the offer period, and may instead be determined by the Issuer at or after the close 
of the offer period. This is because the Issuer will need to take into account the market 
conditions at the time of the close of the offer period (such as the value of the Reference 
Asset, the prevailing interest rates, etc.) in order to be able to issue the Securities at the 
relevant price and on the relevant terms. The final amount(s) set by the Issuer may be 
different to the indicative amount(s) specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
8. 
How will the Calculation Agent and the Issuer make discretionary determinations? 
Unless the relevant discretionary term provides otherwise, all discretionary determinations by 
the Calculation Agent and the Issuer under the terms and conditions of the Securities shall be 
made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and (where there is already a 
corresponding applicable regulatory obligation on such party to exercise fair treatment) shall 
take into account whether fair treatment is achieved by any such discretionary determination in 
accordance with its applicable regulatory obligations. 
9. 
When making discretionary determinations, are the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
obliged to consider the interests of Holders? 
No, the Calculation Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and the Guarantor and does not 
assume any obligations or duty to, or relationship of agency or trust for or with, any Holder. In 
making any determination or exercising any discretion, the Calculation Agent is not obliged to 
(and shall not) consider the individual interests or circumstances of any particular investor. The 
same is true for the Issuer. In making any determination, the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
shall take into account whether fair treatment is achieved by such determination in accordance 
with applicable regulatory obligations. 
10. 
What is the effect of such event and/or action taken by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer 
on the Securities? 
Any of the above actions, if taken by the Issuer, may result in a reduced return on the Securities 
and/or have a material adverse impact on the value of the Securities. For example, the Early 
Payment Amount could be less than such investor's initial investment and may be reduced to 
zero.  
Further, if the Securities are redeemed or settled early prior to the scheduled maturity, an 
investor may be unable to reinvest the redemption proceeds in another investment at the time 
that provides an equivalent return. 
See Risk Factor 5.1 "The Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) prior to 
their scheduled maturity for various unforeseen reasons, and in such case you may receive back 
less than your original investment and you may not be able to reinvest the proceeds in an

--- Page 211 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
 
205 
 
equivalent investment" in "Risk Factors" above and Commonly Asked Question 25 (How is the 
Early Payment Amount calculated?) above.  
11. 
Will the Issuer notify me if such an event occurs and/or if it takes any of the above actions? 
Yes, the Issuer will generally give notice to Holders as soon as practicable upon making any 
adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Securities, or if it substitutes a Reference Asset 
with a replacement asset, or if the Issuer determines to early redeem the Securities or to pay the 
Early Payment Amount at maturity, or if the Issuer makes any other discretionary determination. 
In the case of Bond Linked Securities if a Reference Obligor Event occurs, upon receipt of a 
notice from the Calculation Agent of its determination of the occurrence of a Reference Obligor 
Event, the Issuer shall deliver or procure the delivery of a Reference Obligor Event Notice and, 
if specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information 
to the Holders. The Holders will also be notified by the Calculation Agent if the Maturity Date 
or the Settlement Date, as the case may be, is extended in accordance with the Bond Linked 
Provisions. 
12. 
How does the overview set out in paragraphs 1 to 11 above differ for Securities which are 
Belgian Securities? 
Notwithstanding anything else in paragraphs 1 to 11 above to the contrary, in respect of 
Securities which are Belgian Securities only: 
(i) 
all calculations and determinations and other exercises of discretion made by the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be made in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner; 
(ii) 
whenever any matter falls to be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise 
decided upon by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other person, that matter shall 
be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other person in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner; 
(iii) 
any hedging arrangements shall not be taken into consideration by the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer or any other person in respect of any matter which falls to be determined, 
considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or any other person; 
(iv) 
where the Calculation Agent or the Issuer makes adjustments to the terms of the 
Securities (without the prior consent of the Holders), the Calculation Agent or Issuer (as 
applicable) shall take all reasonable measures to continue the Securities under similar 
terms and conditions so that any adjustment or alteration made to the essential 
characteristics of the Securities is not substantial and is made in order to preserve the 
original economic rationale and objectives of the Securities; 
(v) 
where the Calculation Agent or the Issuer substitutes or replaces a Reference Asset 
(without the prior consent of the Holders), the Calculation Agent or the Issuer (as 
applicable) may only replace the applicable original Reference Asset with a replacement 
asset which is as similar as possible to the original Reference Asset being replaced or 
substituted; and 
(vi) 
the Holders may not be charged any costs (such as settlement cost) in relation to 
adjustments or replacements as described in paragraphs (iv) and (v) above.

--- Page 212 ---
General Conditions 
 
206 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
A 
INTRODUCTION ................................................................................................................... 208 
B 
FORM, DENOMINATION, TITLE, TRANSFER AND GUARANTEE OF THE 
SECURITIES .......................................................................................................................... 209 
 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title .................................................................................... 209 
 
2. 
Transfers ..................................................................................................................... 218 
 
3. 
Guarantee and Status of the Securities ........................................................................ 223 
C 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO NOTES ONLY.............................................................. 224 
 
4. 
Interest and other Calculations under the Notes ......................................................... 224 
 
5. 
Redemption of Notes .................................................................................................. 244 
 
6. 
Payments ..................................................................................................................... 245 
 
7. 
Replacement of Notes ................................................................................................. 246 
D 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO CERTIFICATES ONLY ............................................. 246 
 
8. 
Certificate Coupon ...................................................................................................... 246 
 
9. 
Redemption Rights in respect of Certificates .............................................................. 267 
 
10. 
Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates ................................................................... 268 
E 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO WARRANTS ONLY .................................................... 269 
 
11. 
Exercise of Warrants ................................................................................................... 269 
F 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO NOTES, WARRANTS AND CERTIFICATES 
 .................................................................................................................................................. 274 
 
12. 
Business Day .............................................................................................................. 274 
 
13. 
Payment Disruption .................................................................................................... 275 
 
14. 
Physical Settlement ..................................................................................................... 276 
 
15. 
Events of Default ........................................................................................................ 280 
 
16. 
Early Redemption or Termination for Illegality ......................................................... 282 
 
17. 
Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event ....................................................................... 282 
 
18. 
Static Collateral Event ................................................................................................ 285 
 
19. 
Collateral Agreements Termination Event.................................................................. 285 
 
20. 
Taxation and Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation .................................... 285 
 
21. 
Disruption Event ......................................................................................................... 289 
 
22. 
Collateral Provider failure to maintain Posted Collateral ........................................... 290 
 
23. 
Right to Dispute Payment Amount ............................................................................. 290 
 
24. 
Agents ......................................................................................................................... 291 
 
25. 
Calculation Agent, Determination, Disclaimer of Liability and other terms .............. 292 
 
26. 
European Monetary Union .......................................................................................... 293 
 
27. 
Rounding..................................................................................................................... 295 
 
28. 
Meeting of Holders and Modifications ....................................................................... 296

--- Page 213 ---
General Conditions 
 
207 
 
 
29 
Purchase and Cancellation .......................................................................................... 305 
 
30. 
Further Issues .............................................................................................................. 305 
 
31. 
Notices ........................................................................................................................ 305 
 
32. 
Substitution 
 .................................................................................................................................... 308 
 
33. 
Prescription ................................................................................................................. 310 
 
34 
Exercise of bail-in in relation to JPMSP as the Issuer ................................................ 311 
 
35. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction ................................................................................. 311 
 
36. 
Third parties ................................................................................................................ 313 
 
37. 
Definitions and Interpretation ..................................................................................... 313 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Securities (these "General Conditions") that, 
subject to completion (and, in the case of a Pricing Supplement (as defined below) subject to completion 
and amendment) in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Issue Terms (as defined below), shall 
be incorporated by reference into the Global Security representing each Tranche of Securities. In the 
case of Registered Securities in definitive form, either (i) the full text of these General Conditions together 
with the relevant provisions of the Issue Terms (as defined below), or (ii) these General Conditions as 
so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be 
endorsed on the registered certificates relating to any such Registered Securities (if applicable). 
The terms and conditions of the Securities comprise (i) these General Conditions, (ii) the applicable 
Payout Conditions, (iii) the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions and (iv) if "Bond Linked 
Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms (as defined below), the Bond Linked 
Provisions, as completed by the issue specific details relating to the Securities as set out in the relevant 
Issue Terms (as defined below) (together, the "Terms and Conditions of the Securities"). The Issue 
Terms mean either (a) where the Securities are a tranche that are not Exempt Securities (as defined 
below), the issue specific details will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") or (b) 
where the Securities are a tranche of Securities which are (i) neither admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation and (ii) neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the United Kingdom nor offered in the United Kingdom in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
("Exempt Securities"), the issue specific details relating to such Exempt Securities will be set out in a 
pricing supplement document (the "Pricing Supplement") which may specify other terms and conditions 
which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these General Conditions and/or 
the applicable Payout Conditions and/or the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions and/or, if 
"Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Bond Linked 
Provisions, replace or modify these General Conditions and/or the applicable Payout Conditions and/or 
the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions and/or, if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Bond Linked Provisions for the purposes of such Exempt 
Securities, and references to Issue Terms should be construed accordingly. 
In respect of Exempt Securities which (i) are to be listed on the Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange; and (ii) specify in the relevant Issue Terms other terms and conditions inconsistent with these 
General Conditions and/or the applicable Payout Conditions and/or the applicable Reference Asset 
Linked Conditions and/or, if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Bond Linked Provisions only, the Pricing Supplement shall be reviewed and be subject to 
approval by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange before listing and admission to trading. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these General Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them in the Payout Conditions, the Reference Asset Linked Conditions and, if "Bond Linked Provisions" 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Bond Linked Provisions, as completed (and, in 
the case of a Pricing Supplement, replaced and modified (if applicable)) by the relevant Issue Terms. 
References in these General Conditions to "Notes" or "Warrants" or "Certificates" are to the Notes, 
Warrants or Certificates of one Series only, not to all Securities that may be issued under the Programme.

--- Page 214 ---
General Conditions 
 
208 
 
In the event of any inconsistency between any of the General Conditions, the applicable Payout 
Conditions, the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions, if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the applicable Bond Linked Provisions and the relevant Issue 
Terms, the prevailing term will be determined in accordance with the following order of priority (where 
(i) prevails over the other terms): 
 
the relevant Issue Terms; 
 
the applicable Payout Conditions; 
 
the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions; 
 
if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the applicable 
Bond Linked Provisions; and 
 
the General Conditions, 
provided that any term preceded with the phrase "notwithstanding anything else in these Terms and 
Conditions" (or a phrase of similar import) shall prevail over any inconsistent term in any other part of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. 
In the case of any issue of Securities under the Programme which is to be consolidated and form a single 
Series with an existing Series of Securities the first tranche of which was issued on or after 29 March 
2019 and prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, the terms and conditions of the securities from the 
relevant Base Prospectus (which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus), and not the 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities, shall apply to all such Securities. 
A. 
INTRODUCTION 
J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. ("JPMSP") and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (each an "Issuer" 
and together, the "Issuers") have established a secured structured products programme (the 
"Programme") for the issuance of notes ("Notes"), warrants ("Warrants") and certificates 
("Certificates", and together with Notes and Warrants, "Securities"). The Securities are issued pursuant 
to an agency agreement, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated and/or replaced as at the Issue 
Date (the "Agency Agreement") dated 18 July 2024 between the Issuers, the Relevant Programme 
Agents and the other agents named therein.  
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. has guaranteed the due and punctual settlement of all obligations of JPMSP 
in respect of the Securities issued by JPMSP in a guarantee dated 18 July 2024, as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated and/or replaced as at the Issue Date, (the "Guarantee"). To the extent 
applicable, claims under the Guarantee will only be permitted following enforcement of the Security 
Interests in respect of the Securities and application in full of the enforcement proceeds thereof.  
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in its capacity as guarantor of Securities issued by JPMSP is the 
"Guarantor".  
For the avoidance of doubt, Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. shall not be guaranteed. 
The Securities, to the extent they are governed by English law, have the benefit of a deed of covenant 
dated 18 July 2024, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated and/or replaced as at the Issue Date 
(the "Deed of Covenant") given by the Issuers in relation to Securities cleared through Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Clearstream Banking AG, Eschborn or SIX SIS AG, 
CREST via the CREST Depository Interest, as the case may be.  
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantee, the forms of Global Securities 
and the Securities in definitive form (if applicable) are available for inspection at the specified office of 
the Relevant Programme Agent or may be provided by email to such holder requesting copies of such 
documents, subject to the Relevant Programme Agent being supplied by the Issuer with copies of such 
documents. 
The conditions governing the return on the Securities (other than Credit Linked Securities) and how it is 
calculated (the "Payout Conditions"), the provisions in respect of Share Linked Securities (the "Share

--- Page 215 ---
General Conditions 
 
209 
 
Linked Provisions"), in respect of Index Linked Securities (the "Index Linked Provisions"), in respect 
of Commodity Linked Securities (the "Commodity Linked Provisions"), in respect of FX Linked 
Securities (the "FX Linked Provisions"), in respect of Credit Linked Securities (the "Credit Linked 
Provisions") and in respect of Fund Linked Securities (the "Fund Linked Provisions", and, together 
with the Payout Conditions, the Share Linked Provisions, the Index Linked Provisions, the Commodity 
Linked Provisions, the FX Linked Provisions and the Credit Linked Provisions, the "Reference Asset 
Linked Conditions") and if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Bond Linked Provisions relating to Bond Linked Securities (the "Bond Linked Provisions"), 
will, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, complete (and, in the case of a Pricing 
Supplement, replace and modify (if applicable)) the General Conditions. 
These General Conditions, as completed and/or amended by any applicable Payout Conditions, any 
applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions and if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, any Bond Linked Provisions (if applicable), in each case subject to 
completion (and, in the case of a Pricing Supplement, replacement and modification (if applicable)) in 
the relevant Issue Terms, shall be the conditions of the Securities (the "Conditions"). 
Securities issued under the Programme are issued in series (each, a "Series"), and each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches ("Tranches" and each, a "Tranche") of Securities. One or more Tranches 
of Securities will be the subject of an issue terms (each, an "Issue Terms"), a copy of which may be 
obtained by Holders free of charge from the specified office of the Relevant Programme Agent.  
Capitalised terms used in these General Conditions have the meanings given in General Condition 37 
(Definitions and Interpretation). 
B. 
FORM, DENOMINATION, TITLE, TRANSFER AND GUARANTEE OF THE 
SECURITIES 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
1.1 
Form and Denomination 
(a) 
Bearer Securities 
 
Bearer Securities other than French Bearer Securities: Bearer Securities (other 
than French Bearer Securities) are, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(A) 
"Temporary Bearer Global Security exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer 
Global Security", initially represented by a temporary global security (the 
"Temporary Bearer Global Security"); or 
(B) 
"Permanent Bearer Global Security", initially represented by a permanent 
global security (the "Permanent Bearer Global Security").  
If so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, Bearer Notes shall be issued in New 
Global Note ("NGN") form. Bearer Notes represented by Temporary Bearer 
Global Securities or Permanent Bearer Global Securities will be delivered to a 
common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, if in NGN form. 
Bearer Securities will only be issued in global form and will not be issued in or 
exchangeable into Bearer Securities in definitive form, whether pursuant to the 
request of any Holder(s) or otherwise. Bearer Securities will not have any 
coupons, talons or receipts. 
 
French Bearer Securities: Securities which are issued by JPMSP in bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur) and inscribed in the books of Euroclear France 
(acting as central securities depository) which shall credit the accounts of 
Euroclear France Account Holders are "French Bearer Securities". Unless this 
possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Issue Terms and to the extent 
permitted by applicable French law, the Issuer may, at any time, request from the 
central securities depositary, identification information of Holders of French

--- Page 216 ---
General Conditions 
 
210 
 
Securities, the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of 
incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, email address of such 
Holders. 
(b) 
Registered Securities 
 
Registered Securities other than French Registered Securities, Swiss Securities, 
Rule 144A Securities, Regulation S/144A Securities and CREST CDI Securities: 
Registered Securities (other than French Registered Securities, Swiss Securities, 
Rule 144A Securities, Regulation S/144A Securities and CREST CDI Securities) 
are (in the case of Registered Notes) in the Specified Denomination(s) and (if the 
Registered Securities are in definitive form) represented by registered certificates 
and, in respect of Notes, each registered certificate shall represent the entire 
holding of Registered Securities by the same Holder.  
Registered Securities (other than French Registered Securities, Swiss Securities, 
Rule 144A Securities, Regulation S/144A Securities and CREST CDI Securities) 
are if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(A) 
"Temporary Registered Global Security which is exchangeable for a 
Permanent Registered Global Security", initially represented by a 
temporary global security (the "Temporary Registered Global 
Security"); or 
(B) 
"Permanent Registered Global Security", initially represented by a 
permanent global security (the "Permanent Registered Global 
Security"). 
If so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, Registered Notes in global form shall 
be held under the new safekeeping structure ("NSS") in which case the Temporary 
Registered Global Security or Permanent Registered Global Security will be 
deposited with a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and registered in the name of a nominee of such Common 
Safekeeper. 
 
French Registered Securities: Securities which are issued by JPMSP in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, at the option of the relevant Holder in 
either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the 
books of a Euroclear France Account Holder (and mirroring the inscriptions in 
the books maintained by the Issuer or the French Registration Agent acting on 
behalf of the Issuer, if applicable) or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer 
or the registration agent (designated in the relevant Issue Terms) acting on behalf 
of the Issuer (the "French Registration Agent") are "French Registered 
Securities", and together with French Bearer Securities, are "French Securities". 
French Securities shall not be issued in or exchangeable into Securities in 
definitive form. Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Issue 
Terms and to the extent permitted by applicable French law, the Issuer may, at 
any time, request from the central securities depositary, identification information 
of Holders of French Securities, the name or the company name, nationality, date 
of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, email 
address of such Holders. 
 
Swiss Securities: Securities which are cleared through SIX SIS and are either (a) 
issued in the form of uncertificated Securities (einfache Wertrechte) pursuant to 
article 973c of the Swiss Code of Obligations (Obligationenrecht) and entered 
into the main register (Hauptregister) of SIX SIS or (b) initially represented by a 
Global Security in registered form (a "Swiss Global Security") that is deposited 
with SIX SIS acting as central depository are "Swiss Securities". As a matter of 
Swiss law, once (a) Swiss Securities which are issued in the form of uncertificated 
securities (einfache Wertrechte) are entered into the main register (Hauptregister)

--- Page 217 ---
General Conditions 
 
211 
 
of SIX SIS or (b) a Swiss Global Security is deposited with SIX SIS and, in either 
case, entered into the securities accounts of one or more participants of SIX SIS, 
such Swiss Securities will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) 
within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act 
(Bucheffektengesetz) ("Intermediated Securities"). 
 
Rule 144A Securities: Securities which may be sold to certain QIBs in the United 
States in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act are "Rule 144A 
Securities". The Registered Global Security in respect of each Series of Rule 
144A Securities will be deposited on or about the Issue Date with the DTC 
Custodian on behalf of DTC. Rule 144A Securities will only be issued in 
registered form, without interest coupons attached, and will not be issued in bearer 
form. In addition, Rule 144A Securities may be cleared through another Relevant 
Clearing System in addition to, or in place of, DTC. In such event the Global 
Security may be deposited with such Relevant Clearing System or a depository 
thereof. Upon registration of Rule 144A Securities in the name of any nominee 
for DTC and delivery of the relevant Global Security to the DTC Custodian, DTC 
will credit each clearing system participant with, (a) in respect of Rule 144A 
Securities (other than Rule 144A Notes), a number of Rule 144A Securities equal 
to the number thereof for which it has subscribed and paid and (b) in respect of 
Rule 144A Notes, the aggregate principal amount of Rule 144A Notes for which 
it has subscribed and paid. Rule 144A Securities that are initially deposited with 
DTC or any other Relevant Clearing System may similarly be credited to the 
accounts of subscribers with other Relevant Clearing Systems. 
 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities: Notes, Certificates and Warrants which may 
be sold concurrently outside the United States to certain non-U.S. Persons in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act and to certain QIBs in the 
United States in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act, are, respectively 
"Regulation S/Rule 144A Notes", "Regulation S/Rule 144A Certificates" and 
"Regulation S/Rule 144A Warrants", (the Regulation S/Rule 144A Notes, the 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Certificates and the Regulation S/Rule 144A Warrants, 
together, the "Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities"). Regulation S/Rule 144A 
Securities will be issued by JPMSP, represented by, in the case of (a) Regulation 
S/Rule 144A Notes, a Regulation S/Rule 144A Global Note (the "Regulation 
S/Rule 144A Global Note"), (b) Regulation S/Rule 144A Certificates, a 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Global Certificate (the "Regulation S/Rule 144A 
Global Certificate") and (c) Regulation S/Rule 144A Warrants, a Regulation 
S/Rule 144A Global Warrant (the "Regulation S/Rule 144A Global Warrant"), 
and (in each case) deposited on or about the Issue Date with a depository common 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities 
will only be issued in registered form, without interest coupons attached. 
 
CREST CDI Securities: Regulation S Securities issued by JPMSP and guaranteed 
by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., that are to be accepted for settlement in 
Euroclear UK & International Limited ("CREST") via the CREST Depository 
Interest ("CDI") mechanism are "CREST CDI Securities". CREST CDI 
Securities of each Series will be represented on issue by a Permanent Registered 
Global Security which will be deposited on or about the Issue Date with a 
depository for the Relevant Clearing System. CREST CDI Securities will only be 
issued in registered form, without interest coupons attached, and will not be issued 
in bearer form. 
 
Eurosystem Eligibility: Registered Notes held under the NSS and Bearer Notes 
issued in NGN form may, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, be issued 
with the intention that such Notes be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, 
either upon issue or at any time or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria as specified by the 
European Central Bank. However, there is no guarantee that such Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral.

--- Page 218 ---
General Conditions 
 
212 
 
(c) 
Exchange of Securities 
 
Exchange of Rule 144A Securities: Rule 144A Securities represented by a Global 
Security will not be exchanged for Securities in definitive form except: 
(A) 
in the case of a Global Security held on behalf of DTC, if DTC notifies the 
Issuer that it is no longer willing or able to discharge properly its 
responsibilities as depository with respect to such Global Security, or 
ceases to be a "clearing agency" registered under the Exchange Act, or if 
at any time it is no longer eligible to act as such, and the Issuer is unable 
to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of receiving notice or 
becoming aware of such ineligibility on the part of DTC; 
(B) 
in the case of a Global Security held by a Relevant Clearing System other 
than DTC, if the Relevant Clearing System is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory 
or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or 
does in fact do so; 
(C) 
following the occurrence of an Event of Default as provided in these 
General Conditions; or 
(D) 
if the Issuer so decides, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to (A), 
(B) and (C) above, the registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 
days' notice at its specified office of the registered Holder's intention to effect 
such transfer and, in the case of a transfer pursuant to (C) above, each person 
having an interest in the Rule 144A Securities represented by such Global 
Security has provided the Registrar with a fully completed, signed certification 
substantially to the effect that such person is not transferring its interest at the 
time of such exchange. Upon the occurrence of any of the events specified in (A) 
to (D) (inclusive) above and satisfaction of any applicable condition in the proviso 
to the preceding sentence, the Holder of a Global Security may, on or after any 
due date for exchange, surrender such Global Security or, in the case of a partial 
exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the Relevant Programme 
Agent. In exchange for any Global Security, or the part thereof to be exchanged, 
the relevant Issuer will in the case of a Global Security exchangeable for 
Securities in definitive form, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal 
aggregate number of duly executed and authenticated Securities in definitive 
form. Where the holding of Rule 144A Securities represented by a Global 
Security is only transferable in its entirety, only a Global Security shall be issued 
to the transferee upon transfer of such holding. Where transfers are permitted in 
part, a Global Security shall only be issued to transferees if the transferee so 
requests and certifies to the Registrar that it is, or is acting as a nominee for DTC 
and/or a Relevant Clearing System. 
Each new Rule 144A Security in definitive form to be issued pursuant to this 
General Condition 1.1(c)(i) shall be available for delivery within three business 
days of receipt of the request for exchange or form of transfer (in respect of a 
partial exercise of the Securities represented by the original Rule 144A Security 
in definitive form) and surrender of the relevant Rule 144A Security in definitive 
form for exchange. Delivery of the new Securities in definitive form shall be made 
at the specified office of the Relevant Programme Agent to whom delivery or 
surrender of such request for exchange or form of transfer for the Rule 144A 
Security in definitive form shall have been made. At the option of the Holder 
making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and if it is so specified in the 
relevant request for exchange, form of transfer or otherwise in writing, the new 
Rule 144A Security in definitive form shall be mailed by uninsured post at the 
risk of the Holder entitled to the new Rule 144A Security in definitive form to 
such address as may be so specified, unless such Holder requests otherwise and

--- Page 219 ---
General Conditions 
 
213 
 
pays in advance to the Relevant Programme Agent the costs of such other method 
of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this General Condition 
1.1(c)(i)(D), "business day" means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on 
which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the 
Relevant Programme Agent. 
 
Exchange of Bearer Securities other than French Bearer Securities and German 
Securities: 
(A) 
Temporary Bearer Global Securities 
Each Temporary Bearer Global Security will be exchangeable free of 
charge to the Holder on or after its Exchange Date and upon certification 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement: 
(1) 
in whole or in part for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global 
Security ("Permanent Bearer Global Security"); or  
(2) 
in whole but not in part for Registered Securities in definitive form, 
if, prior to its exchange for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global 
Security in accordance with (1) above, (x) the Temporary Bearer 
Global Security is held on behalf of a Relevant Clearing System 
and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or 
otherwise), or has announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or in fact closes, or (y) if any Instalment Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Early Payment Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Redemption Amount or Settlement Amount, as 
applicable, in respect of any Security represented by such 
Temporary Global Security is not paid when due by the Holder 
giving notice to the Principal Programme Agent and the Registrar 
of its election for such exchange, provided that, in the case of (x) 
above, the Issuer may instead procure that the Temporary Bearer 
Global Security is deposited with a successor or alternative clearing 
system where it is of the reasonable opinion that such transfer will 
not be prejudicial to the Holders. 
(B) 
Permanent Bearer Global Securities 
Each Permanent Bearer Global Security will be exchangeable, free of 
charge to the Holder, on or after its Exchange Date in whole but not in part 
for Registered Securities in definitive form: 
(1) 
by the relevant Issuer giving notice to the Holders, the Principal 
Programme Agent and the Registrar of its intention to effect such 
exchange; or 
(2) 
otherwise (x) if the Permanent Bearer Global Security is held on 
behalf of a Relevant Clearing System and any such clearing system 
is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than 
by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise), or has announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or in fact closes or (y) if 
any Instalment Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early 
Payment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Redemption 
Amount, Residual Cash Amount or Settlement Amount, as 
applicable, or any other amount due and payable that represents 
redemption in full in respect of any Security represented by such 
Permanent Bearer Global Security is not paid when due by the 
Holder giving notice to the Principal Programme Agent and the 
Registrar of its election for such exchange.

--- Page 220 ---
General Conditions 
 
214 
 
 
Exchange of German Securities: 
Each Temporary Bearer Global Security will be exchangeable, on or after its 
Exchange Date, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Security ("Permanent 
Bearer Global Security"). 
Each Temporary Bearer Global Security and Permanent Bearer Global Security 
will be kept in custody by the Relevant Clearing System until all obligations of 
the Issuer under the German Securities have been satisfied.  
In relation to any German Securities in respect of which the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Clearstream Frankfurt" to be the Relevant Clearing System, the principal 
amount (in the case of Notes) or number (in the case of Warrants and Certificates) 
of German Securities represented by the Temporary Bearer Global Security or 
Permanent Bearer Global Security (as the context may require) is evidenced by a 
register maintained for that purpose by Clearstream Frankfurt as agent for the 
Issuer, showing the aggregate principal amount (in the case of Notes) or aggregate 
number (in the case of Warrants and Certificates) of German Securities 
represented by the Temporary Bearer Global Security or the Permanent Bearer 
Global Security (as the context may require). 
 
Exchange of Registered Securities (other than French Registered Securities, 
Swiss Securities and Rule 144A Securities):  
(A) 
Temporary Registered Global Securities  
Each Temporary Registered Global Security will be exchangeable, free of 
charge to the Holder, on or after its Exchange Date, in whole or in part 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out 
in the Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Registered Global 
Security or for Registered Securities in definitive form, as the case may 
be. 
(B) 
Permanent Registered Global Securities 
Each Permanent Registered Global Security will be exchangeable, free of 
charge to the Holder, on or after its Exchange Date in whole but not in part 
for Registered Securities in definitive form: 
(1) 
by the relevant Issuer giving notice to the Holders and the Registrar 
of its intention to effect such exchange; or 
(2) 
otherwise (x) if the Permanent Registered Global Security is held 
on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
Relevant Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise), or has announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or in fact closes or (y) if 
any Instalment Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early 
Payment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Redemption 
Amount, Residual Cash Amount or Settlement Amount, as 
applicable, or any other amount due and payable that represents 
redemption in full in respect of any Security represented by such 
Registered Global Security is not paid when due by the holder 
giving notice to the Registrar of its election for such exchange. 
 
Exchange of Swiss Securities: Swiss Securities issued in uncertificated form or 
represented by a Swiss Global Security will in either case be exchangeable for 
Registered Securities in definitive form only in the limited circumstances 
described in the paragraph immediately below. No Holder of Swiss Securities will 
at any time have the right to effect or demand the conversion of such Swiss

--- Page 221 ---
General Conditions 
 
215 
 
Securities into, or the delivery of, uncertificated securities (in the case of Swiss 
Securities represented by a Swiss Global Security) or Securities in definitive form 
(in the case of either Swiss Securities represented by a Swiss Global Security or 
Swiss Securities issued in uncertificated form). 
Swiss Securities will only be exchangeable for Registered Securities in definitive 
form (i) if the Swiss Programme Agent determines that SIX SIS has become 
permanently unable to perform its functions in relation to the relevant Swiss 
Securities as a result of its insolvency, force majeure or for regulatory reasons, 
and no substitute clearing system has assumed the functions of SIX SIS (including 
the function as depository of the Swiss Global Security) within 90 calendar days 
thereafter, or (ii) at the option of the Swiss Programme Agent if the Swiss 
Programme Agent determines that printing Registered Securities in definitive 
form is necessary or useful or required by Swiss or applicable foreign laws or 
regulations in connection with the enforcement of rights.  
Provided such printing is permitted by these General Conditions, the Issuer has 
irrevocably authorised the Swiss Programme Agent to arrange for the printing of 
Registered Securities in definitive form, in whole or in part, in the form agreed in 
the Agency Agreement.  
If Registered Securities in definitive form are printed, the Swiss Programme 
Agent will (i) in the case of Swiss Securities represented by a Swiss Global 
Security, cancel the Swiss Global Security deposited with SIX SIS and, in the 
case of printing only a portion of a Tranche of Swiss Securities, exchange such 
Swiss Global Security for a Swiss Global Security representing the Swiss 
Securities of such Tranche that are not printed or (ii) in the case of Swiss 
Securities issued as uncertificated securities (einfache Wertrechte), deregister 
such Swiss Securities from the uncertificated securities book (Wertrechtebuch) 
and, in each case, deliver the Registered Securities in definitive form to the 
relevant Holders. If Registered Securities in definitive form are issued, the Swiss 
Programme Agent will maintain a register of the Holders for which Registered 
Securities in definitive form have been issued (the "Swiss Register") in 
accordance with U.S. Treasury Regulation section 5f.103-1(c)(1) and proposed 
U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-5(b)(1). In the case of Swiss Securities 
represented by a Swiss Global Security, prior to and as a condition to depositing 
such Swiss Global Security with a Relevant Clearing System (or issuing it to any 
person) other than SIX SIS, the Issuer shall obtain an opinion of United States tax 
counsel competent in such matters to the effect that, having regard to the 
applicable governing local law (for which purpose tax counsel may rely on an 
opinion of competent local counsel), amounts representing interest on the related 
Swiss Securities will be described in Section 871(h)(2)(B) or 881(c)(2)(B) of the 
Code.  
 
Registered Securities in definitive form: Subject as otherwise provided in this 
General Condition 1.1(c), Registered Securities in definitive form may be 
exchanged or transferred in whole or in part for one or more Registered Securities 
in definitive form in respect of the same number of Securities. Registered 
Securities in definitive form will be substantially in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement. 
 
Exchange of French Securities: French Securities in one form may not be 
exchanged for French Securities in any other form except as provided below. 
French Securities issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the 
option of the Holder, be converted into French Securities in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any 
such option by such Holder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211–4 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at 
the cost of such Holder.

--- Page 222 ---
General Conditions 
 
216 
 
1.2 
Title 
(a) 
Title to Registered Securities (other than French Registered Securities and Swiss 
Securities) 
Subject as provided below, title to the Registered Securities shall pass by registration in 
the register (the "Register"). The Registrar will maintain the Register in accordance with 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement. In the case of Registered Securities in definitive 
form, "Holder" means, unless otherwise specified, the person in whose name a 
Registered Security is registered (as the case may be) or relating to it. 
(b) 
Title to Securities (other than German Securities and Intermediated Securities) 
represented by a Global Security 
For so long as any of the Notes (other than Notes which are German Securities) are 
represented by a Global Note, or Warrants or Certificates (other than Warrants or 
Certificates which are German Securities) are represented by a Global Warrant or Global 
Certificate, as applicable (for the purposes of this paragraph each a "Global Security" 
and together the "Global Securities") held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
DTC) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC as the Holder of a principal amount or number of such Securities 
(in which regard any certificate or document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC as to the principal amount or number of such Securities standing 
to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the 
case of manifest error or proven error) shall be treated by the relevant Issuer and the 
Agents as the Holder of such principal amount or number of such Securities for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest (if any) on such 
principal amount of Securities or the coupon amount, redemption amount or settlement 
amount of Securities, for which purpose the common depository or, as the case may be, 
its nominee in respect of the relevant Registered Security shall be treated by the relevant 
Issuer and any Agent as the Holder of such principal amount or number of such Securities 
in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Global Security.  
(c) 
Title to French Securities 
Title to French Securities will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L. 211-3 and R. 
211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en 
compte). No physical document of title (including depository certificates (certificats 
représentatifs) pursuant to Article R. 211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) 
will be issued in respect of French Securities. 
Title to French Bearer Securities and French Registered Securities in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such French 
Securities may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of 
the Euroclear France Account Holders. Title to French Registered Securities in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such French 
Registered Securities may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the 
accounts of the Issuer or the French Registration Agent. 
In respect of French Securities, "Holder" means the person whose name appears in the 
account of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder or the Issuer or the French 
Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such French Securities. 
(d) 
Title to German Securities; Book-Entry Registrar 
In respect of German Securities, "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-
ownership interest or similar right in the Global Security. 
German Securities shall be transferable in accordance with applicable law and the terms 
and regulations of the Relevant Clearing System.

--- Page 223 ---
General Conditions 
 
217 
 
In relation to any German Securities in respect of which the relevant Issue Terms specify 
"Clearstream Frankfurt" to be the Relevant Clearing System, the Issuer has entered into 
a book-entry registration agreement with Clearstream Frankfurt and appointed 
Clearstream Frankfurt as its book-entry registrar (the "Book-Entry Registrar"). The 
Book-Entry Registrar has agreed to maintain (i) a register (the "Book-Entry Register") 
showing the interests of Clearstream Frankfurt accountholders in the Temporary Bearer 
Global Security or the Permanent Bearer Global Security, as the case may be and (ii) as 
agent of the Issuer, the additional register in accordance with General Condition 
1.1(c)(iii) (Exchange of German Securities) and the sub-paragraph below. 
With respect to any redemption of, or payment of an instalment on, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the German Securities represented by a Temporary Bearer Global 
Security or a Permanent Bearer Global Security the Issuer shall procure that details of 
any redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of 
such Temporary Bearer Global Security or such Permanent Bearer Global Security shall 
be entered accordingly in the Book-Entry Register by the Book-Entry Registrar and, 
upon any such entry being made, the principal amount (in the case of Notes) or number 
(in the case of Warrants and Certificates) of German Securities represented by such 
Temporary Bearer Global Security or such Permanent Bearer Global Security shall be 
reduced by the aggregate principal amount (in the case of Notes) or aggregate number 
(in the case of Warrants and Certificates) of German Securities so redeemed or purchased 
and cancelled or by the aggregate amount of such instalment so paid, and appropriate 
entries shall be made in the Book-Entry Register. 
(e) 
Title to Swiss Securities  
In the case of Intermediated Securities, (i) the legal holders of such Swiss Securities are 
each person holding any such Securities in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in 
such person's name or, in the case of intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), each 
intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) holding any such Securities for its own account in a 
securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in such intermediary's name (and the expression 
"Holder" as used herein shall be construed accordingly), and (ii) such Securities may 
only be transferred by the entry of the transferred Securities in a securities account of the 
transferee. 
Notwithstanding the above, the relevant Issuer shall make all payments due to the 
Holders under the Swiss Securities to the Swiss Programme Agent and, upon receipt by 
such Swiss Programme Agent of the due and punctual payment of such funds in 
Switzerland, shall be discharged from its obligations to the Holders under the Swiss 
Securities to the extent of the funds received by such Swiss Programme Agent as of such 
date. 
In respect of any Swiss Securities in definitive form, title to the Swiss Securities shall 
pass by registration in the Swiss Register.  
(f) 
Title to Rule 144A Securities 
Beneficial interests in the Global Securities for any Series of Rule 144A Securities will 
be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records maintained by 
DTC and its respective participants (including, in the case of Rule 144A Securities 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or admitted to the Official List and traded on the Global Exchange Market, 
which is the exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin) or such other Relevant 
Clearing System or its nominee as may be the registered holder thereof. Rule 144A 
Securities which are represented by a Global Security will only be transferable in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of DTC or other Relevant Clearing System, as 
the case may be. Unless and until it is exchanged for Securities in definitive form in the 
circumstances described above, a Global Security may not be transferred except as a 
whole by and among DTC or other Relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, its 
nominees and any successor of DTC or other Relevant Clearing System, as the case may 
be, or those nominees.

--- Page 224 ---
General Conditions 
 
218 
 
Each of the persons shown in the records of DTC or any other Relevant Clearing System 
as the Holder of a Security represented by a Global Security must look solely to DTC or 
such Relevant Clearing System (as the case may be) for his/her share of each payment 
made by the relevant Issuer to the holder of the underlying securities and in relation to 
all other rights arising under the Global Securities, subject to and in accordance with the 
respective rules and procedures of DTC or such Relevant Clearing System (as the case 
may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of 
payments due on the Securities for so long as the Securities are represented by such 
Global Security and such obligations of the relevant Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to the holder of the underlying securities in respect of each amount so paid. The 
relevant Issuer shall not be liable to any such persons or any other beneficial holder of 
an interest represented by a Global Security to the extent the relevant Issuer shall have 
made payment in respect of the Securities represented thereby to DTC or the Relevant 
Clearing System, as the case may be. 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Rule 
144A Security in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part by the Holder 
surrendering such Rule 144A Security in definitive form for registration of the transfer 
of the Rule 144A Security in definitive form (or the relevant part of the Rule 144A 
Security) at the specified office of the Relevant Programme Agent, with the form of 
transfer thereon duly executed by the Holder thereof or its attorney duly authorised in 
writing and upon the Relevant Programme Agent, after due and careful enquiry, being 
satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request 
and subject to such reasonable regulations as the relevant Issuer and the Relevant 
Programme Agent may prescribe. 
(g) 
Title to Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities 
For so long as the Securities are represented by a Regulation S/Rule 144A Global Note, 
a Regulation S/Rule 144A Global Certificate or a Regulation S/Rule 144A Global 
Warrant, as the case may be, held through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
each person who is for the time being shown in the records of a Relevant Clearing System 
as the holder of a particular number of Securities (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by such Relevant Clearing System as to the number of Securities 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Relevant Programme Agent as the holder of such number of Securities for all purposes 
(and the expressions "Holder", "holder of Notes" or "holder of Warrants" and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
(h) 
Ownership 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction, or as required by law, the Holder 
of any Securities shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or 
an interest in it (or on the registered certificate) or its theft or loss (or that of the related 
registered certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the Holder. 
2 
Transfers 
2.1 
Registered Securities held in a Relevant Clearing System 
(a) 
Transfers of Registered Securities (other than Intermediated Securities) 
Transfers of Registered Securities (other than Intermediated Securities) which are held 
in a Relevant Clearing System may be effected only through the Relevant Clearing 
System(s) in which the Securities to be transferred are held.  
(b) 
Transfers of Intermediated Securities 
Transfers of Intermediated Securities may only be effected by the entry of the transferred 
Intermediated Securities in the securities account of the transferee.

--- Page 225 ---
General Conditions 
 
219 
 
2.2 
Registered Securities in definitive form 
(a) 
Transfer of Registered Securities in definitive form 
Transfers of Registered Securities in definitive form are effected upon (i) the surrender 
(at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) or the transfer of the 
registered certificate representing such Registered Securities in definitive form, together 
with the form of transfer (which shall be available at the specified office of the Registrar 
or Transfer Agent) endorsed on such registered certificate (or another form of transfer 
substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications 
(if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any 
other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require, (ii) the 
recording of such transfer in the Register and (iii) issuance of a new registered certificate 
to the transferee. 
(b) 
Part Transfer of Registered Securities in definitive form 
In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Securities in definitive 
form represented by one registered certificate, a new registered certificate shall be issued 
to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new registered certificate 
in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. 
(c) 
Delivery of New Registered Securities in definitive form 
Each new registered certificate to be issued pursuant to this General Condition 2 
(Transfers) shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the 
form of transfer and surrender of the registered certificate for exchange. Delivery of the 
new registered certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent 
or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request 
for exchange, form of transfer or registered certificate shall have been made or, at the 
option of the Holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in 
the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer or otherwise in writing, be mailed by 
uninsured post at the risk of the Holder entitled to the new registered certificate (as 
applicable) to such address as may be so specified, unless such Holder requests otherwise 
and pays in advance to the Relevant Programme Agent the costs of such other method of 
delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. 
(d) 
Closed Periods in respect of Registered Notes in definitive form 
No Holder may require the transfer of a Registered Note in definitive form to be 
registered: 
 
during the period of 15 days before any date on which Notes may be called for 
redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to General Condition 5.1 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer); 
 
after any such Note has been called for redemption; or 
 
during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
(e) 
Exchange Free of Charge 
Exchange and transfer of Securities on registration, transfer, partial redemption, 
settlement or exercise of an option (as applicable) shall be effected without charge by or 
on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, but upon payment of any tax 
or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require).

--- Page 226 ---
General Conditions 
 
220 
 
2.3 
Compulsory Transfer or Redemption 
(a) 
U.S. Persons 
 
Securities other than Rule 144A Securities and Regulation S/Rule 144A 
Securities: Securities (other than Rule 144A Securities and Regulation S/Rule 
144A Securities being offered or sold in accordance with Rule 144A) may not be 
legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. Person at any time nor offered, sold, 
transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised or redeemed at any time 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person; 
provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to any U.S. Person that is 
an Affiliate of the Issuer.  
If the Issuer determines at any time that any Security (other than a Rule 144A 
Security, a Regulation S/Rule 144A Security being offered or sold in accordance 
with Rule 144A or a CREST CDI Security) is legally or beneficially owned by 
any U.S. Person that is not an Affiliate of the Issuer, the Issuer may direct the 
Holder to sell or transfer such Security to a person who either is not a U.S. Person 
or is an Affiliate of the Issuer within 14 days following receipt of notice of the 
direction. If the Holder fails to sell or transfer such Security within such period, 
the Issuer may at its discretion (x) cause such Security to be sold either to an 
acquirer selected by the Issuer that certifies to the Issuer that such acquirer is not 
a U.S. Person or to an Affiliate of the Issuer, on terms as the Issuer may choose, 
subject to the purchaser representations and requirements and transfer restrictions 
set out herein (and in the Agency Agreement), and, pending such transfer, no 
further payments will be made in respect of such Security or (y) give notice to the 
Holder that such Security will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Early Payment 
Amount on the date specified in such notice. 
In the event of a sale in accordance with sub-clause (x) of the preceding 
paragraph, the Issuer may select an acquirer by any means determined by it in its 
sole discretion. The proceeds of the sale, net of any commissions, expenses and 
taxes due in connection with the sale shall be remitted to the selling Holder. The 
terms and conditions of any sale hereunder (including the sale price) shall be 
determined in the sole discretion of the Issuer, subject to the purchaser 
representations and requirements and transfer restrictions set out herein (and in 
the Agency Agreement), and the Issuer shall not be liable to any person having 
an interest in the Security sold as a result of any sale or the exercise of such 
discretion. 
If the Issuer determines at any time that (a) any CREST CDI Security is legally 
or beneficially owned by a U.S. Person that is not an Affiliate of the Issuer, or (b) 
any transfer of a CREST CDI Security has been effected other than to a person 
that is not an Affiliate of the Issuer who (i) is not (A) a U.S. person (as such term 
is defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S) and (B) resident or otherwise located 
in the United States, and (ii) has entered into and remains in compliance with the 
provisions of the relevant Investor Letter of Representations (such person, for the 
purposes of this General Condition 2.3(a)(i) (Securities other than Rule 144A 
Securities and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities) only, a "Permitted 
Transferee"), the Issuer may direct the Holder to sell or transfer such CREST 
CDI Security to a person who is a Permitted Transferee within 14 days following 
receipt of notice of the direction. If the Holder fails to sell or transfer such CREST 
CDI Security within such period, the Issuer may at its discretion (x) cause such 
Security to be sold to an acquirer selected by the Issuer that certifies to the Issuer 
that such acquirer is a Permitted Transferee, on terms as the Issuer may choose, 
subject to the purchaser representations and requirements and transfer restrictions 
set out herein (and in the Agency Agreement), and, pending such transfer, no 
further payments will be made in respect of such CREST CDI Security or (y) give 
notice to the Holder that such CREST CDI Security will be redeemed by the 
Issuer at the Early Payment Amount on the date specified in such notice.

--- Page 227 ---
General Conditions 
 
221 
 
In the event of a sale in accordance with sub-clause (x) of the preceding 
paragraph, the Issuer may select an acquirer by any means determined by it in its 
sole discretion. The proceeds of the sale, net of any commissions, expenses and 
taxes due in connection with the sale shall be remitted to the selling Holder. The 
terms and conditions of any sale hereunder (including the sale price) shall be 
determined in the sole discretion of the Issuer, subject to the purchaser 
representations and requirements and transfer restrictions set out herein (and in 
the Agency Agreement), and the Issuer shall not be liable to any person having 
an interest in the CREST CDI Security or Security sold as a result of any sale or 
the exercise of such discretion.  
 
Securities other than Rule 144A Securities, Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities 
and CREST CDI Securities (where "ECI Holder Restrictions" apply): Securities 
(other than Rule 144A Securities, Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities being 
offered or sold in accordance with Rule 144A and a CREST CDI Security) may 
not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. Person at any time or by any 
non-U.S. Person whose income, gain or loss, if any, or the Notes or Certificates 
(if applicable) would be effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business ("ECI 
Holder"), nor offered, sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised 
or redeemed at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, any ECI Holder or any U.S. Person provided, however, that this 
restriction shall not apply to any U.S. Person that is an Affiliate of the Issuer. 
If the Issuer determines at any time that any Security (other than a Rule 144A 
Security, a Regulation S/Rule 144A Security being offered or sold in accordance 
with Rule 144A or a CREST CDI Security) is legally or beneficially owned by 
any U.S. Person that is not an Affiliate of the Issuer or by an ECI Holder, the 
Issuer may direct the Holder to sell or transfer such Security to a person who 
either is not a U.S. Person and not an ECI Holder or is an Affiliate of the Issuer 
within 14 days following receipt of notice of the direction. If the Holder fails to 
sell or transfer such Security within such period, the Issuer may at its discretion 
(x) cause such Security to be sold to an acquirer selected by the Issuer that certifies 
to the Issuer that such acquirer is not a U.S. Person and not an ECI Holder or to 
an Affiliate of the Issuer, on terms as the Issuer may choose, subject to the 
purchaser representations and requirements and transfer restrictions set out herein 
(and in the Agency Agreement), and, pending such transfer, no further payments 
will be made in respect of such Security or (y) give notice to the Holder that such 
Security will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Early Payment Amount on the date 
specified in such notice. 
In the event of a sale in accordance with sub-clause (x) of the preceding 
paragraph, the Issuer may select an acquirer by any means determined by it in its 
sole discretion. The proceeds of the sale, net of any commissions, expenses and 
taxes due in connection with the sale shall be remitted to the selling Holder. The 
terms and conditions of any sale hereunder (including the sale price) shall be 
determined in the sole discretion of the Issuer, subject to the purchaser 
representations and requirements and transfer restrictions set out herein (and in 
the Agency Agreement), and the Issuer shall not be liable to any person having 
an interest in the Security sold as a result of any sale or the exercise of such 
discretion. 
 
Rule 144A Securities: If the Issuer determines at any time that a transfer of any 
Rule 144A Security or any interest in a Rule 144A Security, has been effected 
other than to a person who (A) is (i) a QIB, (ii) in relation to Securities issued by 
JPMSP, a QP, (iii) an ECP and (iv) in relation to Securities issued by JPMSP, 
either a Qualified Offshore Client or MUSIV and (B) (i) in the case of Securities 
which are Notes held in definitive form or Certificates or Warrants (in definitive 
or global form), has entered into and remains in compliance with the relevant 
Investor Letter of Representations and (ii) in the case of Notes represented by a 
Global Security, has remained in compliance with the representations such 
beneficial holders are deemed to have made (for the purpose of this General

--- Page 228 ---
General Conditions 
 
222 
 
Condition 2.3(a)(iii) (Rule 144A Securities) only, a "Permitted Transferee"), the 
Issuer may direct the Holder to sell or transfer such Security to a person who is a 
Permitted Transferee within 14 days following receipt of notice of the direction. 
If the Holder fails to sell or transfer such Security within such period, the Issuer 
may at its discretion (x) cause such Security to be sold to an acquirer selected by 
the Issuer that certifies to the Issuer that such acquirer is a Permitted Transferee, 
on terms as the Issuer may choose, subject to the purchaser representations and 
requirements and transfer restrictions set out herein (and in the Agency 
Agreement), and, pending such transfer, no further payments will be made in 
respect of such Security or (y) give notice to the Holder that such Security will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at the Early Payment Amount on the date specified in such 
notice. 
In the event of a sale in accordance with sub-clause (x) of the preceding 
paragraph, the Issuer may select an acquirer by any means determined by it in its 
sole discretion. The proceeds of the sale, net of any commissions, expenses and 
taxes due in connection with the sale shall be remitted to the selling Holder. The 
terms and conditions of any sale hereunder (including the sale price) shall be 
determined in the sole discretion of the Issuer, subject to the purchaser 
representations and requirements and transfer restrictions set out herein (and in 
the Agency Agreement), and the Issuer shall not be liable to any person having 
an interest in the Rule 144A Security sold as a result of any sale or the exercise 
of such discretion. 
 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities: If the Issuer determines at any time that any 
transfer of a Regulation S/Rule 144A Security has been effected other than (A) to 
a person who is not an Affiliate of the Issuer and (i) is not a U.S. Person in 
accordance with Regulation S in "offshore transactions" (as such term is defined 
in Rule 902(h) of Regulation S); (ii) has entered into and remains in compliance 
with the provisions of the relevant Investor Letter of Representations; and (iii) is 
a "qualified investor", as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation or UK 
Prospectus Regulation (as applicable), or any other purchaser that is approved by 
the Dealer from time to time: or (B) to a person who is (i) a QIB, (ii) a QP, (iii) 
an ECP and (iv) either (a) a MUSIV or (b) a Qualified Offshore Client and (v) 
who has entered into and has remained in compliance with the relevant Investor 
Letter of Representations at the time of such transfer, (each person satisfying 
either sub-clause (A) or sub-clause (B), for the purpose of this General Condition 
2.3(a)(iv) (Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities) only, a "Permitted Transferee"), 
the Issuer may direct the Holder to sell or transfer its Regulation S/Rule 144A 
Security to a person who is a Permitted Transferee or to an Affiliate of the Issuer 
within 14 days following receipt of notice of the direction. If the Holder fails to 
sell or transfer such Regulation S/Rule 144A Security within such period, the 
Issuer may at its discretion (x) cause such Security to be sold to an acquirer 
selected by the Issuer that certifies to the Issuer that such acquirer is a Permitted 
Transferee or to an Affiliate of the Issuer, on terms as the Issuer may choose, 
subject to the purchaser representations and requirements and transfer restrictions 
set out herein (and in the Agency Agreement), and, pending such transfer, no 
further payments will be made in respect of such Regulation S/Rule 144A 
Security or (y) give notice to the Holder that such Regulation S/Rule 144A 
Security will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Early Payment Amount on the date 
specified in such notice. 
In the event of a sale in accordance with sub-clause (x) of the preceding 
paragraph, the Issuer may select an acquirer by any means determined by it in its 
sole discretion. The proceeds of the sale, net of any commissions, expenses and 
taxes due in connection with the sale shall be remitted to the selling Holder. The 
terms and conditions of any sale hereunder (including the sale price) shall be 
determined in the sole discretion of the Issuer, subject to the purchaser 
representations and requirements and transfer restrictions set out herein (and in 
the Agency Agreement), and the Issuer shall not be liable to any person having

--- Page 229 ---
General Conditions 
 
223 
 
an interest in the Regulation S/Rule 144A Security sold as a result of any sale or 
the exercise of such discretion. 
(b) 
ERISA Violations 
If the Issuer determines at any time that any Holder of a Security has made or been 
deemed to have made a representation related to the United States Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") (as set forth in the section entitled 
"Certain ERISA Considerations" in the Base Prospectus), that is false or misleading (a 
"Non-Permitted Holder"), the Issuer may direct the Holder to sell or transfer its 
Security to a person who is not a Non-Permitted Holder within 14 days following receipt 
of notice of the direction. If the Holder fails to sell or transfer its Security within such 
period, the Issuer may at its discretion (i) cause the Security to be sold to an acquirer 
selected by the Issuer that certifies to the Issuer that such acquirer is not a Non-Permitted 
Holder, on terms as the Issuer may choose, subject to the purchaser representations and 
requirements and transfer restrictions set out herein (and in the Agency Agreement), and, 
pending such transfer, no further payments will be made in respect of the Security or (ii) 
give notice to the Holder that the Security will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Early 
Payment Amount on the date specified in such notice.  
In the event of a sale in accordance with paragraph (i) above, the Issuer may select an 
acquirer by any means determined by it in its sole discretion. The proceeds of the sale, 
net of any commissions, expenses and taxes due in connection with the sale shall be 
remitted to the selling Holder. The terms and conditions of any sale hereunder (including 
the sale price) shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Issuer, subject to the 
purchaser representations and requirements and transfer restrictions set out herein (and 
in the Agency Agreement), and the Issuer shall not be liable to any person having an 
interest in the Security sold as a result of any sale or the exercise of such discretion.  
Furthermore, the Issuer shall not honour a transfer of beneficial interests in any Security 
to any person who is a Non-Permitted Holder. 
3 
Guarantee and Status of the Securities 
3.1 
Guarantee 
(a) 
Guarantee of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
In accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the Guarantee, JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed that, if for any reason JPMSP does 
not pay any sum payable by it or perform any other obligation in respect of any Security 
on the date such payment or performance is due in accordance with these Conditions 
(after any applicable delay or extinguishment due to any event or condition set out in 
these Conditions providing or allowing for delay or extinguishment in respect of the 
payment or performance of such obligation and provided that, to the extent applicable, 
any claims under the Guarantee are only made following enforcement of the Security 
Interests in respect of the Securities and application in full of the enforcement proceeds 
thereof), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will, in accordance with the Guarantee, pay that 
sum in the currency in which such payment is due in immediately available funds or, as 
the case may be, perform or procure the performance of the relevant obligations on the 
due date for such performance.  
(b) 
Status of Guarantee 
The Guarantee is not a deposit insured by the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation ("FDIC") or any other government authority.  
The Guarantee is an unsecured and unsubordinated obligation of JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A., and not of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or of any of its affiliates (each a "J.P. Morgan 
affiliate"), and will rank pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., subject to a preference in favour of certain

--- Page 230 ---
General Conditions 
 
224 
 
U.S. domestic deposit liabilities or any other obligations that are subject to any priorities 
or preferences. 
3.2 
Status of the Securities 
The Securities constitute general contractual obligations of the Issuers and are not secured by 
any property of the Issuers, nor are they deposits insured by the FDIC or any other government 
authority. The Securities are secured (such security being granted by the Collateral Provider) 
and unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer, and not of any other Issuer or its affiliates, 
and subject to the Security Interests in respect of the Series of Securities (where the Type of 
Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being Single Series Collateral Pool) 
or the Linked Series of Securities (where the Type of Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms as being Multiple Series Collateral Pool) granted by the Collateral Provider to the 
Security Trustee for the benefit of itself, any appointee thereof and the Holders of such Series 
of Securities or the Linked Holders of the Linked Series of Securities, respectively, will rank 
pari passu with all unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the relevant Issuer, subject to 
such exceptions as may be provided by any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, 
judgement, order or directive of any governmental, administrative or judicial authority or power 
(including, in the case of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a preference in favour of certain U.S. 
domestic deposit liabilities). 
C. 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO NOTES ONLY 
4 
Interest and other Calculations under the Notes 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from, and including, the 
Interest Commencement Date (or, if the Notes are not Fixed Rate Notes on the Issue Date, then 
the first day of the first Interest Period in respect of which the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes) at 
the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Accrual  
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Fixed Rate Accrual Provisions" to be applicable, the 
Interest Amount payable on an Interest Payment Date applicable in respect of Fixed Rate 
Notes in respect of each nominal amount of each Note equal to the Calculation Amount 
for any Interest Period ending on, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date or for a 
period other than an Interest Period (in respect of which the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes) 
shall be calculated by multiplying the Rate of Interest by the Calculation Amount, and 
further multiplying the product by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant 
figure in accordance with General Condition 27 (Rounding). 
(b) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Fixed Coupon Amount Provisions" to be applicable, 
the Interest Amount payable on an Interest Payment Date applicable in respect of Fixed 
Rate Notes in respect of each nominal amount of each Note equal to the Calculation 
Amount shall be the Fixed Coupon Amount specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date (or, if only one Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, such 
amount), provided that if a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Issue Terms in 
respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount payable on such Interest 
Payment Date in respect of each nominal amount of each Note equal to the Calculation 
Amount shall be such Broken Amount. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date (or, if the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 231 ---
General Conditions 
 
225 
 
on the Issue Date, then the first day of the first Interest Period in respect of which the 
Notes are Floating Rate Notes) at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date (such interest, the "Interest Amount").  
(b) 
Determination of Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Period (or any 
relevant day, as applicable) shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms and the provisions below relating to ISDA Determination, Screen Rate 
Determination, SONIA Floating Rate Determination, SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination, TONA Floating Rate Determination or €STR Floating Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest shall be determined in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period (or relevant day, as applicable). 
 
ISDA Determination for Rate of Interest: Subject to General Condition 4.2(c) 
(Consequences 
of 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark 
Event 
or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) below, where ISDA Determination is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent (each as defined in the ISDA Definitions) under an interest rate 
swap transaction ("Swap Transaction") under the terms of an ISDA 2002 Master 
Agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions, and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms ; and 
(D) 
the relevant Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method (if any) is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
provided that if, prior to: 
(I) 
the occurrence of an Index Cessation Effective Date (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) in respect of the ISDA Rate; and 
(II) 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date (as defined in 
the 2021 Definitions); and 
(III) 
the application of any provision relating to discontinued rates maturities 
(as described in the ISDA Definitions), 
the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the ISDA Definitions read with paragraphs (A) to (D) above, 
then the ISDA Rate for an Interest Period (or relevant day, as applicable) shall be 
such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 4.2(b)(i), terms used for the purpose 
of determining the relevant ISDA Rate under the relevant ISDA Definitions shall 
have the meanings given to those terms in the relevant ISDA Definitions as read

--- Page 232 ---
General Conditions 
 
226 
 
together with General Condition 37.3 (ISDA Determination Additional 
Provisions). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
and its related Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date have occurred 
or are existing on any day in respect of the relevant ISDA Rate, the terms of 
General Condition 4.2(c) shall apply. 
 
Screen Rate Determination for Rate of Interest: Subject to General Condition 
4.2(c) 
(Consequences 
of 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark 
Event 
or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) (and to General Condition 4.5 (Interest 
Calculations (Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes) and any other applicable 
Conditions), where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period in accordance with the 
following: 
(A) 
the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(1) 
the offered quotation;  
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations; or 
(3) 
the rate provided by the relevant administrator, 
in each case expressed as a percentage rate per annum, of the Reference 
Rate appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date; 
(B) 
(subject as provided in paragraph (C) below in respect of a Reference Rate 
that is a Swap Rate) if sub-paragraph (A)(1) above applies and no such 
offered quotation appears on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (A)(2) above applies and fewer 
than three such offered quotations appear on the Page at the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (A)(3) above 
applies and the Reference Rate does not appear on the relevant Page and 
the Reference Rate is not published by the administrator of the Reference 
Rate or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise provided by the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, in each case as of the Relevant Time, 
then a "Floating Rate Disruption" ("Floating Rate Disruption") shall 
have occurred and the Rate of Interest shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). For the avoidance of doubt and 
without limitation, the Calculation Agent may determine the relevant Rate 
of Interest by reference to one or more of the following methods: 
(1) 
the Rate of Interest may be the Adjusted Arithmetic Mean of the 
offered quotations that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to 
leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date, provided that the 
Calculation Agent determines that at least two such Reference 
Banks are so quoting Reference Rates; 
(2) 
the Rate of Interest may be the rate formally recommended for use 
by the administrator of the Reference Rate or the supervisor or 
competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened by any

--- Page 233 ---
General Conditions 
 
227 
 
such entity) responsible for supervising the Reference Rate or the 
administrator thereof; and 
(3) 
the Rate of Interest may be the Reference Rate last provided or 
published by the relevant administrator; or 
(C) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (B) above, where a Floating Rate 
Disruption has occurred in respect of a Reference Rate that is a Swap Rate, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Determination Date (or other day (as 
applicable)) shall be such commercially reasonable alternative rate as is 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it 
considers appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination  
(A) 
Compounded Daily SONIA - Non-Index Determination: Subject to 
General 
Condition 
4.2(c) 
(Consequences 
of 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event), where 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination) is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
shall be Compounded Daily SONIA as determined in respect of the 
relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(A), "Compounded 
Daily SONIA" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Interest Determination 
Date (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards): 
(1) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
(2) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA rate in respect of 
any London Banking Day. The SONIA rate applied to a day that is not a 
London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA rate for the 
previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the 
following meanings: 
"d" means:

--- Page 234 ---
General Conditions 
 
228 
 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Interest Period. 
"d0" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and 
including, the last London Banking Day in such Observation 
Period; and  
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period to, and 
including, the last London Banking Day in such Interest Period. 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, 
the following London Banking Day. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Securities become due and payable). 
"p" means five London Banking Days or such number of London Banking 
Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"SONIAi" or "SONIA rate" in respect of any London Banking Day "i", 
in the relevant Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day). 
"SONIAi-pLBD" in respect of any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant 
Interest Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for the London Banking Day 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day "i" 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and 
as then published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the London

--- Page 235 ---
General Conditions 
 
229 
 
Banking Day immediately following the London Banking Day falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day "i").  
∏𝑛
𝑖=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. 
For example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
365) −1
30
𝑖=1
] 
means [(1 + X1 / 365 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2 / 365 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 365 
) – 1]. 
If, in respect of any relevant London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the relevant Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the 
Calculation Agent will determine such SONIA rate as being the SONIA 
rate published on the relevant Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on 
which the SONIA rate was published on such Page (or otherwise published 
by the relevant authorised distributors). If the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is unable to determine the SONIA rate in accordance 
with the preceding sentence, the SONIA rate in respect of the relevant 
London Banking Day shall be such other rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers 
appropriate and any alternative benchmarks then available and taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). 
(B) 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination: Subject to General 
Condition 4.2(c) (Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
or Administrator/Benchmark Event), where SONIA Floating Rate 
Determination (Index Determination) is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall, subject as provided below, 
be calculated by reference to the screen rate or index administered by the 
administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average reference rate that 
is published or displayed by such administrator or other information 
service from time to time at the relevant time on the relevant determination 
dates specified below (the "SONIA Compounded Index") and the 
following formula. Such Rate of Interest will be plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if any): 
Compounded Daily SONIA = 
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑦
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑥
−1) × 365
𝑑 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the 
following meanings: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation 
to which "x" is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which 
"y" is determined; 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"x" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period; and

--- Page 236 ---
General Conditions 
 
230 
 
"y" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Period End Date of the relevant Interest 
Period. 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SONIA Compounded 
Index value has not been provided or published by or on behalf of the 
relevant administrator (or any successor administrator) or authorised 
distributors or the relevant website is not available, the relevant SONIA 
Compounded Index value will be the last such value provided for the 
SONIA Compounded Index. If the Calculation Agent determines that it is 
unable to determine the SONIA Compounded Index in accordance with 
the preceding sentence, the SONIA Compounded Index in respect of the 
relevant determination date shall be such other rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers 
appropriate and any alternative benchmarks then available and taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). 
 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
(A) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index Determination: Subject to General 
Condition 4.2(c) (Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
or Administrator/Benchmark Event), where SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period shall, subject as provided below and save where Index 
Determination applies, be Compounded Daily SOFR plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if any). 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant 
Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the 
following meanings: 
"d" means: 
(i) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Lag" as the applicable 
Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Shift" as the applicable 
Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period; 
"d0" means: 
(i) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Lag" as the applicable 
Observation Method, in respect of any Interest Period, the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Period; or

--- Page 237 ---
General Conditions 
 
231 
 
(ii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Shift" as the applicable 
Observation Method, in respect of any SOFR Observation Period, 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"i" means: 
(i) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Lag" as the applicable 
Observation Method, a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", 
each representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period; or  
(ii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Shift" as the applicable 
Observation Method, a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", 
each representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant the SOFR 
Observation Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the number 
of calendar days from and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day up to but excluding the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day;  
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-Back Period specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"SOFR Observation Period" means in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from and including the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to but 
excluding the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the Interest Period End Date in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
"SOFR Reference Rate", in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day ("USBDx"), is a reference rate equal to the daily secured 
overnight financing ("SOFR") rate for such USBDx as provided by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or 
any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website or the website of any successor administrator for the 
publication of such rate (the "New York Federal Reserve's Website") (in 
each case, on or about 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such 
USBDx) or if the New York Federal Reserve's Website is unavailable as 
otherwise published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator; 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means: 
(i) 
where in the relevant Issue Terms "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method, (save as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i" falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR Reference Rate

--- Page 238 ---
General Conditions 
 
232 
 
for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to such day; or 
(ii) 
where in the relevant Issue Terms "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method, (save as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for such day; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry 
and Financial Markets Association (or any successor) recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; and 
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For 
example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
360) −1
30
𝑖=1
] 
means [(1 + X1 / 360 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2 / 360 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 360 
) – 1]. 
(B) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination: Subject to General 
Condition 4.2(c) (Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
or Administrator/Benchmark Event), where SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and Index Determination is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period shall, subject as provided below, be 
calculated by reference to the following formula and based on the SOFR 
Index (as defined below) (the "SOFR Compounded Index") and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards. Such Rate of Interest shall be plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if any): 
Compounded Daily SOFR = 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × 360
𝑑𝑐
 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the 
following meanings: 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation 
to which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in 
relation to which SOFR IndexEnd is determined; 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, as the administrator of such index (or any successor 
administrator of such index) as such index appears on the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website or the website of any successor administrator for the 
publication of such index at 3:00 pm New York City time;

--- Page 239 ---
General Conditions 
 
233 
 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the 
Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the Interest Period End Date for the relevant Interest Period; 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the 
Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first date of the relevant Interest Period; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry 
and Financial Markets Association (or any successor) recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SOFR or SOFR Index value, as 
applicable, has not been provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant 
administrator (or any successor administrator) or authorised distributors or the 
relevant website is not available, the relevant SOFR or SOFR Index value, as 
applicable, will be the last provided or published value for the SOFR or SOFR 
Index as applicable prior to the day on which the SOFR or SOFR Index value is 
required. If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to determine the 
SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, in accordance with the preceding 
sentence, the SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, in respect of the relevant 
determination date shall be such other rate as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate and any 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market). 
 
TONA Floating Rate Determination 
Compounded Daily TONA: Subject to General Condition 4.2(c) (Consequences 
of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event), 
where TONA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period shall be Compounded Daily TONA as 
determined in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 4.2(b)(v), "Compounded Daily 
TONA" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Yen overnight reference rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards) as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑏
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑡𝑛𝑑𝑏
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
TONA only compounds the TONA rate in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day. 
The TONA rate applied to a day that is not a Tokyo Banking Day will be taken 
by applying the TONA rate for the previous Tokyo Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings:

--- Page 240 ---
General Conditions 
 
234 
 
"db" means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Observation 
Period. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to db, each representing the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo 
Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last Tokyo 
Banking Day in such Observation Period. 
"ni" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such Tokyo Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
Tokyo Banking Day. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" Business Days 
prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period.  
"p" means ten or such other number as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"𝐭𝐧𝐝𝐛" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
"Tokyo Banking Day" means any calendar day (other than a Saturday and 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo.  
"TONAi" or "TONA rate" in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day "i", in the 
relevant Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily TONA as 
provided by the administrator of TONA to, and published by, authorised 
distributors of TONA as of approximately 10:00 a.m., Tokyo time (or any 
amended publication time as specified by the administrator of TONA in the 
TONA benchmark methodology), on the TONA Fixing Day.  
If in respect of any relevant determination date the TONA rate is not published 
by the administrator of TONA or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise 
provided by the administrator of TONA by either (A) the TONA Fixing Day or 
(B) such other date on which TONA is required, then the rate for that Tokyo 
Banking Day "i" will be the last provided or published TONA. If the Calculation 
Agent determines that it is unable to determine the TONA rate in accordance with 
the preceding sentence, the TONA rate in respect of the relevant determination 
date shall be such other rate as determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into 
account any sources as it considers appropriate and any alternative benchmarks 
then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
"TONA" means the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate (TONA) administered by the 
Bank of Japan (or any successor administrator). 
"TONA Fixing Day" means, in respect of TONA and a Tokyo Banking Day "i", 
the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following that day "i" (or any amended 
publication day for TONA as specified by the administrator of TONA in the 
TONA benchmark methodology). 
 
€STR Floating Rate Determination 
Compounded Daily €STR: Subject to General Condition 4.2(c) (Consequences of 
an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event), where 
€STR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period shall be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if any).

--- Page 241 ---
General Conditions 
 
235 
 
For the purposes of this General Condition 4.2(b)(vi), "Compounded Daily 
€STR" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect 
of the relevant Interest Determination Date (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards): 
(1) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 +  €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
𝑑 
(2) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 +  €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝑆𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
𝑑 
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily €STR only compounds the €STR rate in respect of any 
TARGET2 Settlement Day. The €STR reference rate applied to a day that 
is not a TARGET2 Settlement Day will be taken by applying the €STR 
reference rate for the previous TARGET2 Settlement Day but without 
compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the 
following meanings: 
"d" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Period. 
"d0" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of TARGET2 Settlement 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of TARGET2 Settlement 
Days in the relevant Interest Period. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant TARGET2 Settlement Day in chronological order: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first 
TARGET2 Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period to, 
and including, the last TARGET2 Settlement Day in such 
Observation Period; and

--- Page 242 ---
General Conditions 
 
236 
 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first 
TARGET2 Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Period to, and 
including, the last TARGET2 Settlement Day in such Interest 
Period. 
"ni" for any TARGET2 Settlement Day "i", means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such TARGET2 Settlement Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following TARGET2 Settlement Day. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior 
to the first day of such Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the 
date falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the Interest Period 
End Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET2 
Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Securities 
become due and payable).  
"p" means five TARGET2 Settlement Days or such number of TARGET2 
Settlement Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"€STRi" or "€STR rate" in respect of any TARGET2 Settlement Day "i", 
in the relevant Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the 
daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET2 Settlement Day 
as provided by the administrator of €STR to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the TARGET2 
Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET2 Settlement Day). 
"€STRi-pTSD" in respect of any TARGET2 Settlement Day "i", in the 
relevant Interest Period, means a reference rate equal to €STR for the 
TARGET2 Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior 
to such TARGET2 Settlement Day "i" as provided by the administrator of 
€STR to authorised distributors and as then published on the relevant Page 
or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors (on the TARGET2 Settlement Day immediately following the 
TARGET2 Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior 
to such TARGET2 Settlement Day "i"). 
∏𝑛
𝑖=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. 
For example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
360) −1
30
𝑖=1
] 
means [(1 + X1 / 360 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2 / 360 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 360 ) 
– 1]. 
If, in respect of any relevant TARGET2 Settlement Day, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the €STR rate is not available on the relevant Page 
or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
the Calculation Agent will determine such €STR rate as being the €STR 
rate published on the relevant Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding TARGET2 Settlement Day 
on which the €STR rate was published on such Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors). If the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is unable to determine the €STR rate in accordance with 
the preceding sentence, the €STR rate in respect of the relevant TARGET2 
Settlement Day shall be such other rate as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate and any

--- Page 243 ---
General Conditions 
 
237 
 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). 
(c) 
Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark 
Event 
 
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event  
(A) 
Notwithstanding 
anything 
else 
in 
General 
Condition 
4.2(b) 
(Determination of Rate of Interest) and subject to paragraph (B) below, if 
the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Cessation/Benchmark 
Event and its related Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date 
have occurred or are existing on any day (i) in respect of a Reference Rate, 
or (ii) where the relevant Reference Rate is a Compounded RFR, in respect 
of the RFR referenced in such Compounded RFR, in each case in respect 
of the Securities (such affected Reference Rate (or where the Reference 
Rate is a Compounded RFR, the RFR referenced in such Compounded 
RFR), a "Discontinued Reference Rate"), then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period (or 
relevant day, as applicable) in respect of such Securities in accordance 
with the following methodologies, as applicable: 
(1) 
Compounded RFRs: where the Discontinued Reference Rate is an 
RFR referenced in a Compounded RFR, the Discontinued 
Reference Rate shall be replaced by the applicable Recommended 
Fallback Rate with effect from and including the Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date and the Recommended 
Fallback Rate will be used for the calculation of the Reference Rate 
with effect from such date. Where the Recommended Fallback Rate 
is used, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it 
determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation 
methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other 
terms of the Securities to account for such change to the method of 
determination of the Rate of Interest, including (but not limited to) 
any such adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent determines are 
required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, any change in the economic value of the Securities 
from such change to the method of determination of the Rate of 
Interest. Any such adjustment(s) which the Calculation Agent 
determines to be appropriate (1) shall be made to the extent 
reasonably practicable, but also taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market), (2) may include an adjustment 
factor and/or adjustment spread (which may be positive or 
negative) together with any technical, administrative or operational 
changes and (3) may be applied on more than one occasion and may 
be made as of one or more effective dates; 
(2) 
Compounded Indices – Index Cessation: where the Discontinued 
Reference Rate is a Compounded Index, with effect from and 
including the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date, 
the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Determination Date, 
and any subsequent Interest Determination Date, shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to: 
(i) 
the last published level of the applicable Compounded 
Index;

--- Page 244 ---
General Conditions 
 
238 
 
(ii) 
the 
benchmark 
methodology 
for 
the 
applicable 
Compounded Index, as published by the administrator 
thereof; and 
(iii) 
the Underlying RFR, as provided by the administrator of the 
Underlying RFR for each day in respect of which the 
Underlying RFR is required for such determination; 
(3) 
Compounded Indices – Underlying Rate Cessation: where the 
specified Reference Rate is a Compounded Index and an Index 
Cessation/Benchmark 
Event 
and 
its 
related 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date have occurred in 
respect of the Underlying RFR, with effect from and including the 
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Interest Determination Date, and any 
subsequent Interest Determination Date, shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to: 
(i) 
the last published level of the applicable Compounded 
Index; 
(ii) 
the 
benchmark 
methodology 
for 
the 
applicable 
Compounded Index, as published by the administrator 
thereof; and 
(iii) 
the rate that would apply for derivative transactions 
referencing the 2021 Definitions, on or after the occurrence 
of an Index Cessation Effective Date (as defined in the 2021 
Definitions) (which definition is substantively the same as 
"Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date") with 
respect to the applicable Underlying RFR; 
(4) 
Swap Rates: where the specified Reference Rate is a Swap Rate, 
with effect from and including the Index Cessation/Benchmark 
Event Effective Date, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest 
Determination Date, and any subsequent Interest Determination 
Date, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the alternative rate of interest (the "Alternative Recommended 
Rate") formally recommended by (in the following order): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Discontinued 
Reference Rate is denominated; or 
(ii) 
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank, 
the central bank (if different) or other supervisor responsible 
for supervising (i) the Discontinued Reference Rate, or (ii) 
the administrator of the Discontinued Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank or 
supervisor, any working group or committee officially 
endorsed or convened by any such central bank or 
supervisor, or any group thereof, or 
(iv) 
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (a), 
(b) or (c), the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof, 
or 
(v) 
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (a), 
(b), (c) or (d), where such Alternative Recommended Rate 
is substantially the same as the Discontinued Reference 
Rate, the administrator,

--- Page 245 ---
General Conditions 
 
239 
 
provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no 
Alternative Recommended Rate, the Rate of Interest in respect of 
such Interest Determination Date, and any subsequent Interest 
Determination Date, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to such other reference rate(s) and/or price source(s) 
and/or combination thereof that the Calculation Agent determines 
to be a commercially reasonable alternative to the Discontinued 
Reference Rate. If the Calculation Agent determines the Rate of 
Interest in accordance with this General Condition 4.2(c)(i)(A)(4), 
it may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, 
if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the Securities to 
account for such change to the method of determination of the Rate 
of Interest, including (but not limited to) any such adjustment(s) 
that the Calculation Agent determines are required in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any 
change in the economic value of the Securities from such change 
to the method of determination of the Rate of Interest. Any such 
adjustment(s) which the Calculation Agent determines to be 
appropriate (1) shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, 
but also taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market), (2) may include an adjustment factor and/or adjustment 
spread (which may be positive or negative) together with any 
technical, administrative or operational changes and (3) may be 
applied on more than one occasion and may be made as of one or 
more effective dates. 
(5) 
Generic Permanent Fallback: notwithstanding any other provision 
or term of the General Conditions, where (a) the Reference Rate is 
not a rate in respect of which a determination methodology is 
specified in any of sub-paragraphs (A)(1), (A)(2), (A)(3) and (A)(4) 
above, or (b) the Reference Rate is a rate in respect of which a 
determination methodology is specified in any of sub-paragraphs 
(A)(1), (A)(2), (A)(3) and (A)(4) above and "Generic Permanent 
Fallback" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period (or relevant day, as applicable) in respect 
of such Securities in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as: 
(i) 
a substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source that it has determined is the industry-accepted 
standard in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market) substitute or successor 
rate, index, benchmark or other price source for the relevant 
Reference Rate; or  
(ii) 
if it determines there is no such industry-accepted standard 
in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, index, 
benchmark or other price source, then a substitute or 
successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source that 
it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the 
Reference Rate, taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market), 
in each case provided that (i) any such substitute or successor rate, 
index, benchmark or other price source, may (without limitation) 
comprise a replacement rate, index, benchmark or other price

--- Page 246 ---
General Conditions 
 
240 
 
source, which is determined on a backwards-looking compounding 
basis by reference to a "risk-free rate", (ii) there may be more than 
one such substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source (which may be applied as of one or more effective 
dates), (iii) the Rate of Interest may include an adjustment factor or 
adjustment spread pursuant to the paragraph immediately below 
and (iv) the Conditions may be subject to adjustment pursuant to 
the paragraph immediately below. 
If the Calculation Agent determines the Rate of Interest in 
accordance with this General Condition 4.2(c)(i)(A)(4), it may 
make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, 
to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, 
payment terms or any other terms of the Securities to account for 
such change to the method of determination of the Rate of Interest, 
including (but not limited to) any such adjustment(s) that the 
Calculation Agent determines are required in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any change in the 
economic value of the Securities from such change to the method 
of determination of the Rate of Interest. Any such adjustment(s) 
which the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate (1) shall 
be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market), (2) may 
include an adjustment factor and/or adjustment spread (which may 
be positive or negative) together with any technical, administrative 
or operational changes and (3) may be applied on more than one 
occasion and may be made as of one or more effective dates. 
(B) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the application of General 
Condition 4.2(c)(i)(A) (i) would not achieve a commercially reasonable 
result (because it is not possible or commercially reasonable to identify a 
replacement or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source, or 
relevant adjustments or for any other reason) and/or (ii) is or would be 
unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation or it would 
contravene any applicable licensing requirements to determine the Rate of 
Interest in accordance with the terms of such provisions, the Calculation 
Agent may determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event 
the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security 
held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in 
General Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment 
Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early 
Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which 
resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted) on a date specified by 
it in a notice to the Holders. 
 
Administrator/Benchmark Event: if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event and its related Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date have occurred or are existing on any day in respect of any 
Securities and a Relevant Benchmark, the Calculation Agent may:  
(A) 
make such adjustment to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation 
Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the 
Securities of such Administrator/Benchmark Event (including without 
limitation, to select a successor Relevant Benchmark) and any 
adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, 
calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any 
other terms of the Securities to account for such replacement and/or 
change to the method of determination of the Rate of Interest, including 
(but not limited to) any such adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent 
determines are required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent

--- Page 247 ---
General Conditions 
 
241 
 
reasonably practicable, any change in the economic value of the Securities 
from such replacement and/or change to the method of determination of 
the Rate of Interest; 
(B) 
determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the Issuer 
will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it 
an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General 
Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, 
Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment 
Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in 
such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
Notwithstanding anything else in this General Condition 4.2(c)(ii), in the event 
that the Administrator/Benchmark Event comprises a Material Methodology 
Change Event, the Calculation Agent may determine not to undertake any or all 
of the actions described in this General Condition 4.2(c)(ii). 
 
Interim measures: If, at any time, following (i) an Index Cessation/Benchmark 
Event but prior to any replacement or amendment having become effective 
pursuant 
to 
General 
Condition 
4.2(c)(i)(A) 
above 
and/or 
(ii) 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event but prior to any adjustment and/or redemption 
and/or cancellation and/or any other action the Issuer may take under General 
Condition 4.2(c)(ii) taking effect, the relevant Reference Rate is required for any 
determination in respect of the Securities, then: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under 
applicable law or regulation for the Securities to reference the Reference 
Rate and for the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to use the Reference 
Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities, the 
level of the Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that 
would apply to the determination of the Reference Rate as if no Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event (as 
applicable) had occurred; or 
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted 
under applicable law or regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or to the 
Calculation Agent (as applicable) for the Securities to reference the 
Reference Rate or for any such entity to use the Reference Rate to perform 
its or their respective obligations under the Securities, the level of the 
Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such 
sources as it considers appropriate and any alternative benchmark then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market), as 
(a) a substitute or successor rate that it has determined is the industry-
accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate for the 
relevant Reference Rate or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-
accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, a 
substitute or successor rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable 
alternative to the Reference Rate, taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). If such Reference Rate is determined as any such 
substituted or successor rate, the Calculation Agent may determine such 
other amendments to the Securities which it considers are necessary and/or 
appropriate in order to reflect the replacement of the Reference Rate with 
such substituted or successor rate. If the Calculation Agent determines the 
Reference Rate in accordance with this paragraph, the Calculation Agent 
shall notify the Issuer of such determination made by it and the action that 
it proposes to take in respect of any such determination and the Issuer, in 
turn, shall notify the Holders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter.

--- Page 248 ---
General Conditions 
 
242 
 
 
Hierarchy 
if 
both 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark 
Event 
and 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs: If the Calculation Agent determines that 
an event in respect of a Reference Rate constitutes both an Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event and an Administrator/Benchmark Event, then it will 
be 
deemed 
to 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark 
and 
not 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, provided that if an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event Effective Date has not occurred before the Relevant Benchmark ceases to 
be available, then General Condition 4.2(c)(iii) (Interim measures) shall apply as 
if an Administrator/Benchmark Event had occurred. 
 
Corrections to Published and Displayed Rates: In the event that the (i) Reference 
Rate determined in accordance with General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes) above or (ii) where the relevant Reference Rate is a Compounded 
RFR, the RFR referenced in such Compounded RFR, is subsequently corrected, 
and the correction (the "Corrected Rate") is published after the original 
publication but no later than the longer of (a) one hour after such original 
publication and (b) any other period for corrections specified by a relevant 
administrator in its methodology for the relevant Reference Rate (or where the 
Reference Rate is a Compounded RFR, the RFR referenced in such Compounded 
RFR), then provided that such Corrected Rate is published on or prior to the date 
falling two Business Days prior to the date on which a related payment is 
scheduled to be made under the Securities (the "Relevant Scheduled Payment 
Date"), then such Corrected Rate shall be deemed to be the relevant Reference 
Rate (or where the Reference Rate is a Compounded RFR, the RFR referenced in 
such Compounded RFR) and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Rate 
in determining the relevant Rate of Interest and related Interest Amount. Any 
corrections published after the second Business Day prior to the Relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest. 
4.3 
Reference Asset Linked Coupon Notes 
Each nominal amount of each Reference Asset Linked Coupon Note equal to the Calculation 
Amount bears interest from the Interest Commencement Date, such interest to be payable on 
each Coupon Payment Date (such interest, the "Coupon Amount"). The Coupon Amount shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Payout Conditions. 
4.4 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in 
this General Condition 4 (Interest and other Calculations under the Notes) to the Relevant 
Payment Date. 
4.5 
Interest Calculations (Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes) 
The amount of interest that shall accrue in respect of each nominal amount of each Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note) equal to the Calculation Amount for any period shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product 
by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the result in accordance with General Condition 27 
(Rounding), unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in respect 
of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such nominal amount 
of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance 
with such formula). 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Issue Terms (either (i) generally or (ii) in relation to 
one or more Interest Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (i), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in the case of (ii) by adding (if 
a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin,

--- Page 249 ---
General Conditions 
 
243 
 
subject always to General Condition 4.6 (Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
(or both)). 
If the amount of interest payable for any period as calculated in accordance with the above 
would otherwise be an amount less than zero, such amount shall be deemed to be zero. 
4.6 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (or both) 
If (i) a Minimum Rate of Interest is specified for an Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be no less than the Minimum Rate of 
Interest, (ii) a Maximum Rate of Interest for an Interest Period is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be no greater than the Maximum 
Rate of Interest, or (iii) a Maximum Rate of Interest and a Minimum Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Period are specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall be no 
less than the Minimum Rate of Interest and no greater than the Maximum Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period. 
4.7 
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest 
As soon as practicable after any relevant time (which, in respect of an Interest Determination 
Date shall be the applicable Relevant Time) on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation or adjustment to the terms of the Notes with respect to the calculation of the Interest 
Amount or the Rate of Interest, as applicable, it shall determine such rate or amount and 
calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each nominal amount of each Note equal to the 
Calculation Amount for the relevant Interest Period, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and/or the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified 
to the Relevant Programme Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, any other Calculation 
Agent or Delivery Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation 
or delivery upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and 
the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant 
authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, 
as soon as reasonably practicable after such determination.  
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period is subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the applicable Business Day Convention, the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date 
so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. If the Notes become due and payable under General Condition 15 (Events of Default), 
the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless 
continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this General Condition but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. 
4.8 
Payment of Interest Amount 
If any Interest Amount will be payable on the Interest Payment Date falling on an Early 
Redemption Date, a Daily Observation Early Redemption Date or the Maturity Date, such 
Interest Amount will be payable together with any Early Redemption Amount payable on such 
Early Redemption Date or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date or any Final Redemption 
Amount payable on the Maturity Date. 
4.9 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Notes and Floating-to-Fixed Rate Notes 
(a) 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Notes 
If "Fixed-to-Floating Rate Notes" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, interest shall accrue and be payable on the Notes:

--- Page 250 ---
General Conditions 
 
244 
 
 
with respect to the first Interest Period, and such subsequent Interest Periods as 
are specified for this purpose in the relevant Issue Terms, at a Rate of Interest 
determined in accordance with General Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate 
Notes) and the relevant Issue Terms; and 
 
with respect to each Interest Period thereafter, at a Rate of Interest determined in 
accordance with General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Floating-to-Fixed Rate Notes 
If "Floating-to-Fixed Rate Notes" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, interest shall accrue and be payable on the Notes: 
 
with respect to the first Interest Period, and such subsequent Interest Periods as 
are specified for this purpose in the relevant Issue Terms, at a Rate of Interest 
determined in accordance with General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes) and the relevant Issue Terms; and 
 
with respect to each Interest Period thereafter, at a Rate of Interest determined in 
accordance with General Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) and the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
5 
Redemption of Notes 
5.1 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If "Call Option" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer may redeem 
all of the Notes on an Optional Redemption Date by giving notice to the Holders on or prior to 
the Call Option Exercise Date corresponding to such Optional Redemption Date in accordance 
with General Condition 31 (Notices) and each nominal amount of each Note equal to the 
Calculation Amount shall be redeemed by payment of the Optional Redemption Amount on the 
Optional Redemption Date.  
5.2 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with General Condition 
29 (Purchase and Cancellation), each Note (other than a Note to which General Condition 
14.1(Physical Settlement in respect of Securities) applies) shall be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at its Final Redemption Amount or, in the case of a Note (a) where the "Credit Linked 
Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and (b) to which General 
Condition 5.3 (Redemption by Instalments) applies, its final Instalment Amount. 
5.3 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with General Condition 
29 (Purchase and Cancellation), each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment 
Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount. 
The outstanding nominal amount and the Calculation Amount of each such Note shall be 
reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to 
a proportion of the nominal amounts of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect 
from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant 
Payment Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
If any Minimum Instalment Amount or Maximum Instalment Amount is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, then any Instalment Amount shall be subject to such minimum or 
maximum, as applicable. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the right to require redemption of such Notes must be exercised 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of the Relevant Clearing System and if there is any

--- Page 251 ---
General Conditions 
 
245 
 
inconsistency between the above and the rules and procedures of the Relevant Clearing System, 
then the rules and procedures of the Relevant Clearing System shall prevail. 
6 
Payments 
6.1 
Payments in respect of Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes represented by a Global Bearer Note shall 
be made in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note and in the case of German Securities 
to the Relevant Clearing System for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the 
Relevant Clearing System against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global 
Note at the specified office of the Relevant Programme Agent, subject to the provisions in 
General Condition 13 (Payment Disruption). The Relevant Programme Agent shall make a 
record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Bearer Note, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest on the Global 
Bearer Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented, and such record shall be prima facie 
evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
Payments in respect of French Notes in bearer dematerialised form shall be made in accordance 
with General Condition 6.2(c) (Payments in respect of French Notes). 
6.2 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Global Notes 
In respect of any Registered Notes represented by a Global Note, payments of principal 
and interest shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of business on 
the clearing system business day (or on such other number of days as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) before the due date for payment thereof (in respect of a Global 
Registered Note, the "Record Date"), and if no further payment falls to be made, on 
surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of the Registrar, subject to the provisions 
of General Condition 13 (Payment Disruption). The Relevant Programme Agent shall 
make a record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Registered 
Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of 
interest on the Registered Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented, 
and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been 
made. In this General Condition 6.2(a), "clearing system business day" means, in relation 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, each day which is not a Saturday or a 
Sunday, 25 December or 1 January, and, in relation to any other Relevant Clearing 
System, each day on which such Relevant Clearing System is open for business. 
(b) 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Notes in definitive form 
In respect of any Registered Notes in definitive form, payments of principal and interest, 
shall be made by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of 
the Holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with a Bank, subject 
to the provisions of General Condition 13 (Payment Disruption). Interest payments shall 
be made in accordance with General Condition 6.2(e) (Record Date). 
(c) 
Payments in respect of French Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of 
interest, where applicable) in respect of French Notes shall (in the case of Notes in bearer 
dematerialised form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account 
denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders 
for the benefit of the Holders and (in the case of Notes in fully registered form) to an 
account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by the Holders and 
notified to the Issuer. All payments validly made to such Euroclear France Account 
Holders or Bank will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments.

--- Page 252 ---
General Conditions 
 
246 
 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Swiss Notes 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of Swiss Notes (other than Swiss Notes 
in definitive form) shall be made via the Swiss Programme Agent through SIX SIS for 
the account of the relevant Holders on the due date for such payment and, in respect of 
Swiss Notes in definitive form, by transfer to an account denominated in the relevant 
currency drawn on with a Bank against presentation and surrender of the relevant Swiss 
Note in definitive form at the specified office of the Swiss Programme Agent. 
(e) 
Record Date 
Each payment in respect of a Registered Note in definitive form will be paid to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day (or on 
such other number of days as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) before the due date 
for the payment thereof (in respect of such Registered Note in definitive form, the 
"Record Date"). Where payment in respect of a Registered Note in definitive form is to 
be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address of the Holder appearing in 
the Register (or to the first-named of joint holders). 
6.3 
Payments subject to laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable laws, regulations and directives in the 
place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of General Condition 20 (Taxation 
and Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation). No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Holders in respect of such payments. 
7 
Replacement of Notes 
If a registered certificate representing a Note is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority regulations, at the specified office of the Relevant Programme Agent or such other 
agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose 
and notice of whose designation is given to Holders, in each case on payment by the claimant 
of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security 
and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
registered certificate representing such Note is subsequently presented for payment, there shall 
be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Note) and 
otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced registered certificates representing a 
Note must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. Upon the issuance of any 
replacement registered certificates representing such Notes, the Issuer may require the payment 
of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental or issuance charge that may be 
imposed in connection with such replacement and any other expense (including the fees and 
expenses of the Relevant Programme Agent) connected therewith. 
D. 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO CERTIFICATES ONLY 
8 
Certificate Coupon 
8.1 
Fixed Rate Coupon Certificates 
Each Fixed Rate Coupon Certificate will pay an amount (the "Coupon Amount") in respect of 
each Coupon Payment Date determined in accordance with (a) or (b) below. 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Coupon Accrual  
Each Certificate will pay a Coupon Amount in respect of the Notional Amount per 
Certificate at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Fixed Rate 
Coupon, such Coupon Amount being payable in arrear on each Coupon Payment Date. 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Fixed Rate Coupon Accrual Provisions" to be 
applicable, the Coupon Amount in respect of a Coupon Period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the Notional Amount by the Fixed Rate Coupon for such Coupon Period,

--- Page 253 ---
General Conditions 
 
247 
 
further multiplying the product by the Day Count Fraction, and rounding the result in 
accordance with General Condition 27 (Rounding).  
(b) 
Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount Provisions" to be 
applicable, each Certificate (or, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Trading in Notional 
(Certificates)" to be applicable, each Certificate of the Notional Amount) will pay a 
Coupon Amount equal to the Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount on each Coupon 
Payment Date.  
8.2 
Floating Rate Coupon 
(a) 
Floating Rate Coupon Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Coupon Certificate bears interest on its Notional Amount from the 
Floating Rate Coupon Commencement Date (or, if the Certificates are not Floating Rate 
Coupon Certificates on the Issue Date, then the first day of the first Floating Rate Coupon 
Period) at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Floating Rate 
Coupon, such interest being payable in arrear on each Floating Rate Coupon Payment 
Date.  
(b) 
Determination of Floating Rate Coupon 
The coupon rate in respect of each Certificate in respect of which the "Certificate 
Floating Rate Coupon Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms for each Floating Rate Coupon Period (or any relevant day, as applicable) shall 
be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Issue Terms and the provisions 
below relating to ISDA Determination, Screen Rate Determination, SONIA Floating 
Rate Determination, SOFR Floating Rate Determination, TONA Floating Rate 
Determination or €STR Floating Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the 
Floating Rate Coupon shall be determined in respect of the relevant Floating Rate 
Coupon Period (or relevant day, as applicable). 
 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Coupon: Subject to General Condition 
8.2(c) 
(Consequences 
of 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark 
Event 
or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) below, where ISDA Determination is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating Rate Coupon is 
to be determined, the Floating Rate Coupon in respect of each Floating Rate 
Coupon Certificate for each Floating Rate Coupon Period shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for a Floating Rate Coupon Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
(each as defined in the ISDA Definitions) under an interest rate swap transaction 
("Swap Transaction") under the terms of an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions, and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Floating Rate Coupon Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
(D) 
the relevant Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method (if any) is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
provided that if, prior to:

--- Page 254 ---
General Conditions 
 
248 
 
(I) 
the occurrence of an Index Cessation Effective Date (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions) in respect of the ISDA Rate; and 
(II) 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date (as 
defined in the 2021 Definitions); and 
(III) 
the application of any provision relating to discontinued rates 
maturities (as described in the ISDA Definitions), 
the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the ISDA Definitions read with paragraphs (A) to (D) above, 
then the ISDA Rate for a Floating Rate Coupon Period (or relevant day, as 
applicable) shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative 
benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards 
in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 8.2(b)(i), terms used for the purpose 
of determining the relevant ISDA Rate under the relevant ISDA Definitions shall 
have the meanings given to those terms in the relevant ISDA Definitions as read 
together with General Condition 37.3 (ISDA Determination Additional 
Provisions). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
and its related Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date have occurred 
or are existing on any day in respect of the relevant ISDA Rate, the terms of 
General Condition 8.2(c) shall apply. 
 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Coupon: Subject to General 
Condition 8.2(c) (Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) and to General Condition 8.2(e) (Floating Rate 
Coupon Calculations) and any other applicable Conditions, where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the 
Floating Rate Coupon is to be determined, the Floating Rate Coupon for each 
Floating Rate Coupon Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at or 
about the Relevant Time on the Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date in 
respect of such Floating Rate Coupon Period in accordance with the following: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Coupon shall be: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations; or 
(3) 
the rate provided by the relevant administrator, 
in each case expressed as a percentage rate per annum, of the Reference 
Rate appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Floating Rate 
Coupon Determination Date; 
(B) 
(subject as provided in paragraph (C) below in respect of a Reference Rate 
that is a Swap Rate) if sub-paragraph (A)(1) above applies and no such 
offered quotation appears on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Floating 
Rate Coupon Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (A)(2) above applies 
and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date or if sub-
paragraph (A)(3) above applies and the Reference Rate does not appear on 
the relevant Page and the Reference Rate is not published by the 
administrator of the Reference Rate or an authorised distributor and is not 
otherwise provided by the administrator of the Reference Rate, in each 
case as of the Relevant Time, then a "Floating Rate Disruption" ("Floating 
Rate Disruption") shall have occurred and the Floating Rate Coupon shall

--- Page 255 ---
General Conditions 
 
249 
 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, having regard to alternative benchmarks 
then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). For 
the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, the Calculation Agent may 
determine the relevant Floating Rate Coupon by reference to one or more 
of the following methods: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Coupon may be the Adjusted Arithmetic Mean of 
the offered quotations that each of the Reference Banks is quoting 
to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant 
Time on the Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date, provided 
that the Calculation Agent determines that at least two such 
Reference Banks are so quoting Reference Rates; 
(2) 
the Floating Rate Coupon may be the rate formally recommended 
for use by the administrator of the Reference Rate or the supervisor 
or competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened by 
any such entity) responsible for supervising the Reference Rate or 
the administrator thereof; and 
(3) 
the Floating Rate Coupon may be the Reference Rate last provided 
or published by the relevant administrator; or 
(C) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (B) above, where a Floating Rate 
Disruption has occurred in respect of a Reference Rate that is a Swap Rate, 
the Floating Rate Coupon for such Floating Rate Coupon Determination 
Date (or other day (as applicable)) shall be such commercially reasonable 
alternative rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such 
sources as it considers appropriate and any alternative benchmark then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination  
(A) 
Compounded Daily SONIA - Non-Index Determination: Subject to 
General 
Condition 
8.2(c) 
(Consequences 
of 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event), where 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination) is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating 
Rate Coupon is to be determined, the Floating Rate Coupon for each 
Floating Rate Coupon Period shall be Compounded Daily SONIA as 
determined in respect of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Determination 
Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin 
(if any). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 8.2(b)(iii)(A), "Compounded 
Daily SONIA" means, in respect of a Floating Rate Coupon Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant 
Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date (and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards): 
(1) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, as follows:

--- Page 256 ---
General Conditions 
 
250 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
(2) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA rate in respect of 
any London Banking Day. The SONIA rate applied to a day that is not a 
London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA rate for the 
previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the 
following meanings: 
"d" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
"d0" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and 
including, the last London Banking Day in such Observation 
Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such Floating 
Rate Coupon Period. 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, 
the following London Banking Day. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of a Floating Rate Coupon 
Period, the period from, and including, the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of such Floating Rate Coupon Period

--- Page 257 ---
General Conditions 
 
251 
 
and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" London Banking Days 
prior to the Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date for such Floating Rate 
Coupon Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Securities become due and payable).  
"p" means five London Banking Days or such number of London Banking 
Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"SONIAi" or "SONIA rate" in respect of any London Banking Day "i", 
in the relevant Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day). 
"SONIAi-pLBD" in respect of any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant 
Floating Rate Coupon Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for the London Banking 
Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day 
"i" as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors 
and as then published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the London 
Banking Day immediately following the London Banking Day falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day "i").  
∏𝑛
𝑖=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. 
For example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
365) −1
30
𝑖=1
] 
means [(1 + X1 / 365 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2 / 365 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 365 
) – 1]. 
If, in respect of any relevant London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the relevant Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the 
Calculation Agent will determine such SONIA rate as being the SONIA 
rate published on the relevant Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on 
which the SONIA rate was published on such Page (or otherwise published 
by the relevant authorised distributors). If the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is unable to determine the SONIA rate in accordance 
with the preceding sentence, the SONIA rate in respect of the relevant 
London Banking Day shall be such other rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers 
appropriate and any alternative benchmarks then available and taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). 
(B) 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination: Subject to General 
Condition 8.2(c) (Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
or Administrator/Benchmark Event), where SONIA Floating Rate 
Determination (Index Determination) is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Floating Rate Coupon is to be 
determined, the Floating Rate Coupon for each Floating Rate Coupon 
Period shall, subject as provided below, be calculated by reference to the 
screen rate or index administered by the administrator of the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average reference rate that is published or displayed by

--- Page 258 ---
General Conditions 
 
252 
 
such administrator or other information service from time to time at the 
relevant time on the relevant determination dates specified below (the 
"SONIA Compounded Index") and the following formula. Such Floating 
Rate Coupon will be plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue 
Terms) the Margin (if any): 
Compounded Daily SONIA = 
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑦
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑥
−1) × 365
𝑑 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the 
following meanings: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation 
to which "x" is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which 
"y" is determined; 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"x" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon 
Period; and 
"y" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date of the 
relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SONIA Compounded 
Index value has not been provided or published by or on behalf of the 
relevant administrator (or any successor administrator) or authorised 
distributors or the relevant website is not available, the relevant SONIA 
Compounded Index value will be the last such value provided for the 
SONIA Compounded Index. If the Calculation Agent determines that it is 
unable to determine the SONIA Compounded Index in accordance with 
the preceding sentence, the SONIA Compounded Index in respect of the 
relevant determination date shall be such other rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers 
appropriate and any alternative benchmarks then available and taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). 
 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
(A) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index Determination: Subject to General 
Condition 8.2(c) (Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
or Administrator/Benchmark Event), where SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Floating Rate Coupon is to be determined, the Floating Rate 
Coupon for each Floating Rate Coupon Period shall, subject as provided 
below and save where Index Determination applies, be Compounded 
Daily SOFR plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the 
Margin (if any). 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, in respect of a Floating Rate Coupon 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date as follows, and the

--- Page 259 ---
General Conditions 
 
253 
 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the 
following meanings: 
"d" means: 
(i) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Lag" as the applicable 
Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Floating Rate Coupon Period; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Shift" as the applicable 
Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period; 
"d0" means: 
(i) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Lag" as the applicable 
Observation Method, in respect of any Floating Rate Coupon 
Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Shift" as the applicable 
Observation Method, in respect of any SOFR Observation Period, 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"i" means: 
(i) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Lag" as the applicable 
Observation Method, a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", 
each representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Floating 
Rate Coupon Period; or  
(ii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Shift" as the applicable 
Observation Method, a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", 
each representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant the SOFR 
Observation Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the number 
of calendar days from and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day up to but excluding the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day;  
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-Back Period specified in the relevant Issue Terms;

--- Page 260 ---
General Conditions 
 
254 
 
"SOFR Observation Period" means in respect of each Floating Rate 
Coupon Period, the period from and including the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date in such 
Floating Rate Coupon Period to but excluding the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Date in respect of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon 
Period; 
"SOFR Reference Rate", in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day ("USBDx"), is a reference rate equal to the daily secured 
overnight financing ("SOFR") rate for such USBDx as provided by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or 
any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website or the website of any successor administrator for the 
publication of such rate (the "New York Federal Reserve's Website") (in 
each case, on or about 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such 
USBDx) or if the New York Federal Reserve's Website is unavailable as 
otherwise published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator; 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means: 
(i) 
where in the relevant Issue Terms "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method, (save as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i" falling in the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period, the SOFR 
Reference Rate for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such 
day; or 
(ii) 
where in the relevant Issue Terms "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method, (save as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for such day; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry 
and Financial Markets Association (or any successor) recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; and 
∏𝒏
𝒊=𝟏
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. 
For example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
360) −1
30
𝑖=1
] 
means [(1 + X1 / 360 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2 / 360 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 360 
) – 1]. 
(B) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination: Subject to General 
Condition 8.2(c) (Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
or Administrator/Benchmark Event), where SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Floating Rate Coupon is to be determined and Index 
Determination is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Floating Rate Coupon for each Floating Rate Coupon Period shall, 
subject as provided below, be calculated by reference to the following

--- Page 261 ---
General Conditions 
 
255 
 
formula and based on the SOFR Index (as defined below) (the "SOFR 
Compounded Index") and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards. Such Floating Rate 
Coupon shall be plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) 
the Margin (if any): 
Compounded Daily SOFR = 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × 360
𝑑𝑐
 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the 
following meanings: 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation 
to which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in 
relation to which SOFR IndexEnd is determined; 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, as the administrator of such index (or any successor 
administrator of such index) as such index appears on the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website or the website of any successor administrator for the 
publication of such index at 3:00 pm New York City time; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the 
Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date for the relevant Floating Rate 
Coupon Period; 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the 
Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first date of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry 
and Financial Markets Association (or any successor) recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SOFR or SOFR Index 
value, as applicable, has not been provided or published by or on behalf of 
the relevant administrator (or any successor administrator) or authorised 
distributors or the relevant website is not available, the relevant SOFR or 
SOFR Index value, as applicable, will be the last provided or published 
value for the SOFR or SOFR Index as applicable prior to the day on which 
the SOFR or SOFR Index value is required. If the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is unable to determine the SOFR or SOFR Index value, 
as applicable, in accordance with the preceding sentence, the SOFR or 
SOFR Index value, as applicable, in respect of the relevant determination 
date shall be such other rate as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate and any 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). 
 
TONA Floating Rate Determination

--- Page 262 ---
General Conditions 
 
256 
 
Compounded Daily TONA: Subject to General Condition 8.2(c) (Consequences 
of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event), 
where TONA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Floating Rate Coupon is to be determined, the 
Floating Rate Coupon for each Floating Rate Coupon Period shall be 
Compounded Daily TONA as determined in respect of the relevant Floating Rate 
Coupon Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue 
Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 4.2(b)(v), "Compounded Daily 
TONA" means, in respect of a Floating Rate Coupon Period, the rate of return of 
a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Yen overnight reference rate 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in respect of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards) 
as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑏
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑡𝑛𝑑𝑏
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
TONA only compounds the TONA rate in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day. 
The TONA rate applied to a day that is not a Tokyo Banking Day will be taken 
by applying the TONA rate for the previous Tokyo Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
"db" means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Observation 
Period. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to db, each representing the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo 
Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last Tokyo 
Banking Day in such Observation Period. 
"ni" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such Tokyo Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
Tokyo Banking Day. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of a Floating Rate Coupon Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Floating Rate Coupon Period and ending on, but excluding, the date 
falling "p" Business Days prior to the Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date for 
such Floating Rate Coupon Period.  
"p" means ten or such other number as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"𝐭𝐧𝐝𝐛" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
"Tokyo Banking Day" means any calendar day (other than a Saturday and 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo.  
"TONAi" or "TONA rate" in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day "i", in the 
relevant Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily TONA as 
provided by the administrator of TONA to, and published by, authorised 
distributors of TONA as of approximately 10:00 a.m., Tokyo time (or any

--- Page 263 ---
General Conditions 
 
257 
 
amended publication time as specified by the administrator of TONA in the 
TONA benchmark methodology), on the TONA Fixing Day.  
If in respect of any relevant determination date the TONA rate is not published 
by the administrator of TONA or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise 
provided by the administrator of TONA by either (A) the TONA Fixing Day or 
(B) such other date on which TONA is required, then the rate for that Tokyo 
Banking Day "i" will be the last provided or published TONA. If the Calculation 
Agent determines that it is unable to determine the TONA rate in accordance with 
the preceding sentence, the TONA rate in respect of the relevant determination 
date shall be such other rate as determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into 
account any sources as it considers appropriate and any alternative benchmarks 
then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
"TONA" means the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate (TONA) administered by the 
Bank of Japan (or any successor administrator). 
"TONA Fixing Day" means, in respect of TONA and a Tokyo Banking Day "i", 
the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following that day "i" (or any amended 
publication day for TONA as specified by the administrator of TONA in the 
TONA benchmark methodology). 
 
€STR Floating Rate Determination 
Compounded Daily €STR: Subject to General Condition 4.2(c) (Consequences of 
an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event), where 
€STR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Floating Rate Coupon is to be determined, the Floating Rate 
Coupon for each Floating Rate Coupon Period shall be Compounded Daily €STR 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 8.2(b)(vi), "Compounded Daily 
€STR" means, in respect of a Floating Rate Coupon Period, the rate of return of 
a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in respect of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards): 
(1) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 +  €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
𝑑 
(2) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 +  €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝑆𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
𝑑 
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily €STR only compounds the €STR rate in respect of any 
TARGET2 Settlement Day. The €STR reference rate applied to a day that is not 
a TARGET2 Settlement Day will be taken by applying the €STR reference rate 
for the previous TARGET2 Settlement Day but without compounding.

--- Page 264 ---
General Conditions 
 
258 
 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
"d" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant Floating 
Rate Coupon Period. 
"d0" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of TARGET2 Settlement Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of TARGET2 Settlement Days in the 
relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET2 Settlement Day in chronological order: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first TARGET2 Settlement 
Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last 
TARGET2 Settlement Day in such Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first TARGET2 Settlement 
Day in the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period to, and including, the last 
TARGET2 Settlement Day in such Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
"ni" for any TARGET2 Settlement Day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such TARGET2 Settlement Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following TARGET2 Settlement Day. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of a Floating Rate Coupon Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior 
to the first day of such Floating Rate Coupon Period and ending on, but excluding, 
the date falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the Floating Rate Coupon 
Period End Date for such Floating Rate Coupon Period (or the date falling "p" 
TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Securities become due and payable).  
"p" means five TARGET2 Settlement Days or such number of TARGET2 
Settlement Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"€STRi" or "€STR rate" in respect of any TARGET2 Settlement Day "i", in the 
relevant Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-
term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET2 Settlement Day as provided by the 
administrator of €STR to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors (on the TARGET2 Settlement Day immediately following 
such TARGET2 Settlement Day). 
"€STRi-pTSD" in respect of any TARGET2 Settlement Day "i", in the relevant 
Floating Rate Coupon Period, means a reference rate equal to €STR for the 
TARGET2 Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such

--- Page 265 ---
General Conditions 
 
259 
 
TARGET2 Settlement Day "i" as provided by the administrator of €STR to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the relevant Page or, if such Page 
is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the 
TARGET2 Settlement Day immediately following the TARGET2 Settlement 
Day falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such TARGET2 Settlement 
Day "i"). 
∏𝑛
𝑖=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For 
example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
360) −1
30
𝑖=1
] 
means [(1 + X1 / 360 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2 / 360 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 360 ) – 1]. 
If, in respect of any relevant TARGET2 Settlement Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the €STR rate is not available on the relevant Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the Calculation 
Agent will determine such €STR rate as being the €STR rate published on the 
relevant Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding TARGET2 Settlement Day on which the €STR rate was 
published on such Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to determine 
the €STR rate in accordance with the preceding sentence, the €STR rate in respect 
of the relevant TARGET2 Settlement Day shall be such other rate as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers 
appropriate and any alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, 
the derivatives market). 
(c) 
Consequences of an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark 
Event 
 
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event: 
(A) 
Notwithstanding 
anything 
else 
in 
General 
Condition 
8.2(b) 
(Determination of Floating Rate Coupon) and subject to paragraph (B) 
below, 
if 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
determines 
that 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event and its related Index Cessation/Benchmark 
Event Effective Date have occurred or are existing on any day (i) in respect 
of a Reference Rate, or (ii) where the relevant Reference Rate is a 
Compounded RFR, in respect of the RFR referenced in such Compounded 
RFR, in each case in respect of the Securities (such affected Reference 
Rate (or where the Reference Rate is a Compounded RFR, the RFR 
referenced in such Compounded RFR), a "Discontinued Reference 
Rate"), then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Floating Rate 
Coupon for the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period (or relevant day, as 
applicable) in respect of such Securities in accordance with the following 
methodologies, as applicable: 
(1) 
Compounded RFRs: where the Discontinued Reference Rate is an 
RFR referenced in a Compounded RFR, the Discontinued 
Reference Rate shall be replaced by the applicable Recommended 
Fallback Rate with effect from and including the Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date and the Recommended 
Fallback Rate will be used for the calculation of the Reference Rate 
with effect from such date. Where the Recommended Fallback Rate 
is used, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it 
determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation 
methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other

--- Page 266 ---
General Conditions 
 
260 
 
terms of the Securities to account for such change to the method of 
determination of the Floating Rate Coupon, including (but not 
limited to) any such adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent 
determines are required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, any change in the economic value of the 
Securities from such change to the method of determination of the 
Floating Rate Coupon. Any such adjustment(s) which the 
Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate (1) shall be made 
to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market), (2) may include an 
adjustment factor and/or adjustment spread (which may be positive 
or negative) together with any technical, administrative or 
operational changes and (3) may be applied on more than one 
occasion and may be made as of one or more effective dates; 
(2) 
Compounded Indices – Index Cessation: where the Discontinued 
Reference Rate is a Compounded Index, with effect from and 
including the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date, 
the Floating Rate Coupon in respect of such Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date, and any subsequent Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to: 
(a) 
the last published level of the applicable Compounded 
Index; 
(b) 
the 
benchmark 
methodology 
for 
the 
applicable 
Compounded Index, as published by the administrator 
thereof; and 
(c) 
the Underlying RFR, as provided by the administrator of the 
Underlying RFR for each day in respect of which the 
Underlying RFR is required for such determination; 
(3) 
Compounded Indices – Underlying Rate Cessation: where the 
specified Reference Rate is a Compounded Index and an Index 
Cessation/Benchmark 
Event 
and 
its 
related 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date have occurred in 
respect of the Underlying RFR, with effect from and including the 
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date, the Floating 
Rate Coupon in respect of such Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date, and any subsequent Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to: 
(a) 
the last published level of the applicable Compounded 
Index; 
(b) 
the 
benchmark 
methodology 
for 
the 
applicable 
Compounded Index, as published by the administrator 
thereof; and 
(c) 
the rate that would apply for derivative transactions 
referencing the 2021 Definitions, on or after the occurrence 
of an Index Cessation Effective Date (as defined in the 2021 
Definitions) (which definition is substantively the same as 
"Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date") with 
respect to the applicable Underlying RFR;

--- Page 267 ---
General Conditions 
 
261 
 
(4) 
Swap Rates: where the specified Reference Rate is a Swap Rate, 
with effect from and including the Index Cessation/Benchmark 
Event Effective Date, the Floating Rate Coupon in respect of such 
Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date, and any subsequent 
Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date, shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the alternative rate of interest 
(the "Alternative Recommended Rate") formally recommended 
by (in the following order): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Discontinued 
Reference Rate is denominated; or 
(b) 
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank, 
the central bank (if different) or other supervisor responsible 
for supervising (i) the Discontinued Reference Rate, or (ii) 
the administrator of the Discontinued Reference Rate; or 
(c) 
if no such recommendation is made by such central bank or 
supervisor, any working group or committee officially 
endorsed or convened by any such central bank or 
supervisor, or any group thereof, or 
(d) 
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (a), 
(b) or (c), the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof, 
or 
(e) 
if no such recommendation is made in accordance with (a), 
(b), (c) or (d), where such Alternative Recommended Rate 
is substantially the same as the Discontinued Reference 
Rate, the administrator, 
provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no 
Alternative Recommended Rate, the Floating Rate Coupon in 
respect of such Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date, and any 
subsequent Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date, shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such other 
reference rate(s) and/or price source(s) and/or combination thereof 
that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially 
reasonable alternative to the Discontinued Reference Rate. If the 
Calculation Agent determines the Floating Rate Coupon in 
accordance with this General Condition 8.2(c)(i)(A)(4), it may 
make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, 
to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, 
payment terms or any other terms of the Securities to account for 
such change to the method of determination of the Floating Rate 
Coupon, including (but not limited to) any such adjustment(s) that 
the Calculation Agent determines are required in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any change in the 
economic value of the Securities from such change to the method 
of determination of the Floating Rate Coupon. Any such 
adjustment(s) which the Calculation Agent determines to be 
appropriate (1) shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, 
but also taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market), (2) may include an adjustment factor and/or adjustment 
spread (which may be positive or negative) together with any 
technical, administrative or operational changes and (3) may be 
applied on more than one occasion and may be made as of one or 
more effective dates;

--- Page 268 ---
General Conditions 
 
262 
 
(5) 
Generic Permanent Fallback: notwithstanding any other provision 
or term of the General Conditions, where (a) the Reference Rate is 
not a rate in respect of which a determination methodology is 
specified in any of sub-paragraphs (A)(1), (A)(2), (A)(3) and (A)(4) 
above, or (b) the Reference Rate is a rate in respect of which a 
determination methodology is specified in any of sub-paragraphs 
(A)(1), (A)(2), (A)(3) and (A)(4) above and "Generic Permanent 
Fallback" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Floating Rate Coupon for the 
relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period (or relevant day, as 
applicable) in respect of such Securities in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, after consulting any source it 
deems to be reasonable, as: 
(a) 
a substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source that it has determined is the industry-accepted 
standard in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market) substitute or successor 
rate, index, benchmark or other price source for the relevant 
Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
if it determines there is no such industry-accepted standard 
in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, index, 
benchmark or other price source, then a substitute or 
successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source that 
it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the 
Reference Rate, taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market), 
in each case, provided that (i) any such substitute or successor rate, 
index, benchmark or other price source may (without limitation) 
comprise a replacement rate, index, benchmark or other price 
source, which is determined on a backwards-looking compounding 
basis by reference to a "risk-free rate", (ii) there may be more than 
one such substitute or successor rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source (which may be applied as of one or more effective 
dates), (iii) the Floating Rate Coupon may include an adjustment 
factor or adjustment spread pursuant to the paragraph immediately 
below and (iv) the Conditions may be subject to adjustment 
pursuant to the paragraph immediately below. 
If the Calculation Agent determines the Floating Rate Coupon in 
accordance with this General Condition 8.2(c)(i)(A)(5), it may 
make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, 
to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, 
payment terms or any other terms of the Securities to account for 
such change to the method of determination of the Floating Rate 
Coupon, including (but not limited to) any such adjustment(s) that 
the Calculation Agent determines are required in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any change in the 
economic value of the Securities from such change to the method 
of determination of the Floating Rate Coupon. Any such 
adjustment(s) which the Calculation Agent determines to be 
appropriate (1) shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, 
but also taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market), (2) may include an adjustment factor and/or adjustment 
spread (which may be positive or negative) together with any 
technical, administrative or operational changes and (3) may be

--- Page 269 ---
General Conditions 
 
263 
 
applied on more than one occasion and may be made as of one or 
more effective dates. 
(B) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the application of General 
Condition 8.2(c)(i)(A) (i) would not achieve a commercially reasonable 
result (because it is not possible or commercially reasonable to identify a 
replacement or successor rate, index, benchmark or other price source, or 
relevant adjustments or for any other reason) and/or (ii) is or would be 
unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation or it would 
contravene any applicable licensing requirements to determine the 
Floating Rate Coupon in accordance with the terms of such provisions, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in 
which event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of 
each Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as 
defined in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early 
Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 
or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event 
which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted) on a date 
specified by it in a notice to the Holders. 
 
Administrator/Benchmark Event: if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event and its related Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date have occurred or are existing on any day in respect of any 
Securities and a Relevant Benchmark, the Calculation Agent may:  
(A) 
make such adjustment to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation 
Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the 
Securities of such Administrator/Benchmark Event (including without 
limitation, to select a successor Relevant Benchmark) and any 
adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, 
calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any 
other terms of the Securities to account for such replacement and/or 
change to the method of determination of the Floating Rate Coupon, 
including (but not limited to) any such adjustment(s) that the Calculation 
Agent determines are required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, any change in the economic value of the Securities 
from such replacement and/or change to the method of determination of 
the Floating Rate Coupon; 
(B) 
determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the Issuer 
will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it 
an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General 
Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, 
Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment 
Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in 
such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
Notwithstanding anything else in this General Condition 8.2(c)(ii), in the event 
that the Administrator/Benchmark Event comprises a Material Methodology 
Change Event, the Calculation Agent may determine not to undertake any or all 
of the actions described in this General Condition 8.2(c)(ii). 
 
Interim measures: If, at any time, following (i) an Index Cessation/Benchmark 
Event but prior to any replacement or amendment having become effective 
pursuant 
to 
General 
Condition 
8.2(c)(i) 
above 
and/or 
(ii) 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event but prior to any adjustment and/or redemption 
and/or cancellation and/or any other action the Issuer may take under General 
Condition 8.2(c)(ii) taking effect, the relevant Reference Rate is required for any 
determination in respect of the Securities, then:

--- Page 270 ---
General Conditions 
 
264 
 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under 
applicable law or regulation for the Securities to reference the Reference 
Rate and for the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to use the Reference 
Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities, the 
level of the Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that 
would apply to the determination of the Reference Rate as if no Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event (as 
applicable) had occurred; or 
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted 
under applicable law or regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or to the 
Calculation Agent (as applicable) for the Securities to reference the 
Reference Rate or for any such entity to use the Reference Rate to perform 
its or their respective obligations under the Securities, the level of the 
Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such 
sources as it considers appropriate and any alternative benchmark then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market), as 
(a) a substitute or successor rate that it has determined is the industry-
accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate for the 
relevant Reference Rate or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-
accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, a 
substitute or successor rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable 
alternative to the Reference Rate, taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). If such Reference Rate is determined as any such 
substituted or successor rate, the Calculation Agent may determine such 
other amendments to the Securities which it considers are necessary and/or 
appropriate in order to reflect the replacement of the Reference Rate with 
such substituted or successor rate. If the Calculation Agent determines the 
Reference Rate in accordance with this paragraph, the Calculation Agent 
shall notify the Issuer of such determination made by it and the action that 
it proposes to take in respect of any such determination and the Issuer, in 
turn, shall notify the Holders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter. 
 
Hierarchy 
if 
both 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark 
Event 
and 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs: If the Calculation Agent determines that 
an event in respect of a Reference Rate constitutes both an Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event and an Administrator/Benchmark Event, then it will 
be 
deemed 
to 
an 
Index 
Cessation/Benchmark 
and 
not 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, provided that if an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event Effective Date has not occurred before the Relevant Benchmark ceases to 
be available, then General Condition 8.2(c)(iii) (Interim measures) shall apply as 
if an Administrator/Benchmark Event had occurred. 
 
Corrections to Published and Displayed Rates: In the event that (i) the Reference 
Rate determined in accordance with General Condition 8.2 (Floating Rate 
Coupon) above or (ii) where the relevant Reference Rate is a Compounded RFR, 
the RFR referenced in such Compounded RFR, is subsequently corrected, and the 
correction (the "Corrected Rate") is published after the original publication but 
no later than the longer of (a) one hour after such original publication and (b) any 
other period for corrections specified by a relevant administrator in its 
methodology for the relevant Reference Rate (or where the Reference Rate is a 
Compounded RFR, the RFR referenced in such Compounded RFR), then 
provided that such Corrected Rate is published on or prior to the date falling two 
Business Days prior to the date on which a related payment is scheduled to be 
made under the Securities (the "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date"), then such 
Corrected Rate shall be deemed to be the relevant Reference Rate (or where the 
Reference Rate is a Compounded RFR, the RFR referenced in such Compounded

--- Page 271 ---
General Conditions 
 
265 
 
RFR) and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Rate in determining the 
relevant Floating Rate Coupon. Any corrections published after the second 
Business Day prior to the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Floating Rate Coupon. 
(d) 
Accrual of interest on Floating Rate Coupon Certificates 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Floating Rate Coupon Certificate on the due date 
for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before 
judgement) at the Floating Rate Coupon in the manner provided in this General 
Condition 8.2 to the Relevant Payment Date. 
(e) 
Floating Rate Coupon Calculations 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Floating Rate Coupon Certificate for 
any period shall be calculated by applying the Floating Rate Coupon for such period to 
the Notional Amount, multiplying the product by the Day Count Fraction and rounding 
the result in accordance with General Condition 27 (Rounding), unless a Coupon Amount 
(or a formula for its calculation) is specified in respect of such period, in which case the 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of such Certificate for such period shall equal such 
Coupon Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula).  
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Issue Terms (either (i) generally or (ii) in 
relation to one or more Floating Rate Coupon Periods), an adjustment shall be made to 
all Floating Rate Coupons, in the case of (i), or the Floating Rate Coupons for the 
specified Floating Rate Coupon Periods, in the case of (ii) by adding (if a positive 
number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject 
always to General Condition 8.2(f) (Maximum Floating Rate Coupon or Minimum 
Floating Rate Coupon (or both)). 
If the amount of interest payable for any period as calculated in accordance with the 
above would otherwise be an amount less than zero, such amount shall be deemed to be 
zero.  
(f) 
Maximum Floating Rate Coupon or Minimum Floating Rate Coupon (or both) 
If (i) a Minimum Floating Rate Coupon is specified for a Floating Rate Coupon Period 
in the relevant Issue Terms, then the Floating Rate Coupon for such Floating Rate 
Coupon Period shall be no less than the Minimum Floating Rate Coupon, (ii) a Maximum 
Floating Rate Coupon is specified for a Floating Rate Coupon Period in the relevant Issue 
Terms, then the Floating Rate Coupon for such Floating Rate Coupon Period shall be no 
greater than the Maximum Floating Rate Coupon, or (iii) a Maximum Floating Rate 
Coupon and a Minimum Floating Rate Coupon are specified for a Floating Rate Coupon 
Period in the relevant Issue Terms, then the Floating Rate Coupon for such Floating Rate 
Coupon Period shall be no less than the Minimum Floating Rate Coupon and no greater 
than the Maximum Floating Rate Coupon. 
(g) 
Determination and publication of Floating Rate Coupon 
As soon as practicable after any relevant time (which, in respect of a Floating Rate 
Coupon Determination Date shall be the applicable Relevant Time) on such date as the 
Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation 
or make any determination or calculation or adjustment to the terms of the Certificates 
with respect to the calculation of the Coupon Amount or the Floating Rate Coupon, as 
applicable, it shall determine such rate or amount and calculate the Coupon Amounts in 
respect of the Notional Amount of the Certificates for the relevant Floating Rate Coupon 
Period, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may 
be, and cause the Floating Rate Coupon and/or the Coupon Amounts for each Floating 
Rate Coupon Period and the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date to be notified 
to the Relevant Programme Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, any other

--- Page 272 ---
General Conditions 
 
266 
 
Calculation Agent or Delivery Agent appointed in respect of the Certificates that is to 
make a further calculation or delivery upon receipt of such information and, if the 
Certificates are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the 
relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Floating Rate Coupon and Coupon Amount, or (ii) in 
all other cases, as soon as reasonably practicable after such determination.  
Where any Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date or Floating Rate Coupon Period is 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention, the 
Coupon Amounts and the Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Floating Rate 
Coupon Period. If the Certificates become due and payable under General Condition 15 
(Events of Default), the accrued interest and the Floating Rate Coupon payable in respect 
of the Certificates shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in 
accordance with this General Condition 8 but no publication of the Floating Rate Coupon 
or the Coupon Amount so calculated need be made. 
8.3 
Reference Asset Linked Coupon Certificates 
Each Reference Asset Linked Coupon Certificate will pay a Coupon Amount in respect of each 
Certificate (or, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Trading in Notional (Certificates)" to be 
applicable, in respect of each notional amount of each Certificate equal to the Calculation 
Amount) on each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Amount shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the Payout Conditions. 
8.4 
Coupon payment on Early Redemption Date, Daily Observation Early Redemption Date 
or Redemption Date 
If any Coupon Amount will be payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on an Early 
Redemption Date or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date or the Redemption Date, such 
Coupon Amount will be payable together with any Early Redemption Amount payable on such 
Early Redemption Date or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date or any Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date. 
8.5 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Certificates and Floating-to-Fixed Rate Certificates  
(a) 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Certificates 
If "Fixed-to-Floating Rate Certificates" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms: 
 
with respect to the first Coupon Period, and such subsequent Coupon Periods as 
are specified for this purpose in the relevant Issue Terms, the Certificates will pay 
a Coupon Amount determined in accordance with General Condition 8.1 (Fixed 
Rate Coupon Certificates) and the relevant Issue Terms; and 
 
with respect to each Coupon Period thereafter, the Certificates will pay a Coupon 
Amount determined in accordance with General Condition 8.2 (Floating Rate 
Coupon) and the relevant Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Floating-to-Fixed Rate Certificates 
If "Floating-to-Fixed Rate Certificates" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms: 
 
with respect to the first Coupon Period, and such subsequent Coupon Periods as 
are specified for this purpose in the relevant Issue Terms, the Certificates will pay 
a Coupon Amount determined in accordance with General Condition 8.2 
(Floating Rate Coupon) and the relevant Issue Terms; and

--- Page 273 ---
General Conditions 
 
267 
 
 
with respect to each Coupon Period thereafter, the Certificates will pay a Coupon 
Amount determined in accordance with General Condition 8.1 (Fixed Rate 
Coupon Certificates) and the relevant Issue Terms. 
9 
Redemption Rights in respect of Certificates 
9.1 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If "Call Option" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer may redeem 
all of the Certificates on an Optional Redemption Date by giving notice to the Holders on or 
prior to the Call Option Exercise Date corresponding to such Optional Redemption Date in 
accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices) and each Certificate (or, if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Trading in Notional (Certificates)" to be applicable, each notional amount of 
each Certificate equal to the Calculation Amount) shall be redeemed by payment of the Optional 
Redemption Amount on the Optional Redemption Date.  
9.2 
Redemption on the Redemption Date 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and/or cancelled, each Certificate shall be redeemed by 
the Issuer on the Redemption Date at its Redemption Amount, if any. The Redemption Amount 
shall be notified to the Relevant Clearing System(s) and/or any Holders of Certificates that are 
in definitive form, with a copy to the Relevant Programme Agent and the Issuer by no later than 
10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the earlier of (a) one Clearing System Business Day after the 
Redemption Date and (b) the Settlement Date. 
9.3 
Redemption Procedure 
(a) 
Cash Settlement 
Transfer of Redemption Amount: The Issuer shall, for each Certificate being redeemed 
and which is to be settled by Cash Settlement, transfer or procure the transfer of the 
Redemption Amount for value on the Redemption Date in respect of such Certificate, 
less any Expenses which the Issuer is required by law to deduct or withhold, or is 
authorised to deduct: 
 
in respect of Certificates represented by a Global Certificate (other than 
Certificates which are German Securities) to the Relevant Clearing System(s) for 
the credit of the account of the relevant Holder outside the United States;  
 
in respect of Swiss Securities (other than Swiss Securities in definitive form) via 
the Swiss Programme Agent through SIX SIS for the account of the relevant 
Holders outside the United States; 
 
in respect of Certificates represented by a Global Certificate which are German 
Securities, to the Relevant Clearing System for the credit of the account of the 
relevant account holder in the Relevant Clearing System;  
 
in respect of Certificates in definitive form (other than Certificates which are 
Swiss Securities), by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at 
the option of the Holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency 
with a Bank; or 
 
in respect of Certificates in definitive form which are Swiss Securities, by transfer 
to an account denominated in the relevant currency drawn on with a Bank against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates in definitive form at the 
specified office of the Swiss Programme Agent, 
subject, in each case, to General Condition 13 (Payment Disruption).

--- Page 274 ---
General Conditions 
 
268 
 
(b) 
Physical Settlement 
Transfer of Reference Asset Amount: The Issuer shall, for each Certificate being 
redeemed and which is to be settled by Physical Settlement, transfer or procure the 
transfer of the Reference Asset Amount in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Physical Settlement).  
(c) 
Expenses 
The Issuer is authorised to deduct from the Redemption Amount (i) all Expenses, if any, 
payable by the Issuer or its affiliates in connection with the redemption of the 
Certificates, (ii) any and all Expenses in relation to any transfer of the Reference Asset 
Amount made as a result of such redemption, (iii) if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
exercise rights, all Expenses arising in connection with the exercise of the Certificates in 
the place in which the relevant Exercise Notice is delivered for exercise, (iv) if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify exercise rights, all Expenses involved in delivering the 
relevant Exercise Notice that are payable by the Issuer or its affiliates, and (v) all 
Expenses, if any, involved with complying with any Non-U.S. Certification that are 
payable by the Issuer or its affiliates. 
(d) 
Record Date 
Each payment in respect of: 
 
a Registered Certificate represented by a Global Security will be paid to the 
person shown as the Holder in the Register as at the close of business on the 
clearing system business day (or on such other number of days as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) before the due date for the payment thereof (in respect of 
such Registered Certificate represented by a Global Security, the "Record Date"). 
In this General Condition 9.3(d)(i), "clearing system business day" means, in 
relation to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, each day which is not a 
Saturday or a Sunday, 25 December or 1 January, and, in relation to any other 
Relevant Clearing System, each day on which such Relevant Clearing System is 
open for business;  
 
a Registered Certificate in definitive form will be paid to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day (or on such 
other number of days as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) before the due date 
for the payment thereof (in respect of such Registered Certificate in definitive 
form, the "Record Date"). Where payment in respect of a Registered Certificate 
in definitive form is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the 
address of the Holder appearing in the Register (or to the first-named of joint 
holders); and 
 
a Swiss Certificate (other than Swiss Certificates in definitive form) shall be made 
to the Holder on the due date for such payment. 
10 
Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates 
10.1 
Exercise Rights of Certificates 
Except in the case of Italian Certificates, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Exercise applicable 
to Certificates" to be applicable, then General Condition 11 (Exercise of Warrants) shall apply 
to the Certificates instead of General Condition 9 (Redemption Rights in respect of Certificates) 
to such Certificates. 
10.2 
Exercise Rights in respect of Italian Certificates 
In the case of Italian Certificates, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Exercise applicable to 
Certificates" to be applicable, then General Condition 10.2 (Exercise Rights in respect of Italian 
Certificates) shall apply to the Certificates instead of General Condition 9 (Redemption Rights 
in respect of Certificates).

--- Page 275 ---
General Conditions 
 
269 
 
(a) 
Automatic Exercise 
The exercise of each Series of Italian Certificates is automatic on the Redemption Date, 
without any prior notice being delivered by the relevant Holder. Any Redemption 
Amount, which shall be a cash settlement amount, shall be credited, on the Settlement 
Date, through the Paying Agent, to the account of the relevant intermediary in the 
Relevant Clearing System.  
(b) 
Fees and Expenses in connection with Exercise 
Neither the Relevant Programme Agent nor the Issuer shall apply any charges for the 
automatic exercise of the Italian Certificates. Any other taxes, duties and/or expenses, 
including any applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, 
stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties 
which may arise in connection with the automatic exercise of the Italian Certificates are 
payable by the Holder. 
(c) 
Losses, expenses and costs in connection with Settlement 
No amount relating to losses, expenses and costs of unwinding or adjusting any 
Underlying Hedge Transactions or relating to any Hedging Disruption shall be deducted 
with respect to the Italian Certificates notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions to 
the contrary. 
(d) 
Trading in Notional not applicable 
In the case of Italian Certificates, "Trading in Notional (Certificates)" shall not be 
applicable. 
(e) 
Calculated from Coupon Value not applicable 
In the case of Italian Certificates, in respect of Certificate Fixed Coupon Amounts, 
"Calculated from Coupon Value" shall not be applicable. 
E. 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO WARRANTS ONLY 
11 
Exercise of Warrants 
11.1 
Exercise Rights 
(a) 
Exercise Style and Period 
Warrants designated in the relevant Issue Terms as: 
 
"American Style" Warrants are exercisable on any Scheduled Trading Day during 
the relevant Exercise Period; 
 
"European Style" Warrants are only exercisable on the Expiration Date; 
 
"Bermudan Style" Warrants are exercisable on any one of one or more Potential 
Exercise Dates and on the Expiration Date,  
subject to (i) General Condition 11.3(a) (Exercise Notice) and (ii) prior termination of 
the Warrants as provided in General Condition 16 (Early Redemption or Termination for 
Illegality) and 20.3 (Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation – FATCA). 
If "Automatic Exercise" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable, then 
(unless the Warrants have been previously terminated in accordance with General 
Condition 16 (Early Redemption or Termination for Illegality) or 20.3 (Early 
Redemption or Termination for Taxation – FATCA) or purchased and cancelled), the 
Warrants shall be deemed to be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date.

--- Page 276 ---
General Conditions 
 
270 
 
(b) 
Failure to Exercise - European Style Warrants 
Any Warrant designated in the relevant Issue Terms as "European Style" with respect to 
which no Exercise Notice has been delivered to the Relevant Clearing System(s) and 
copied to the Relevant Programme Agent or (in the case of Warrants in definitive form 
and Warrants which are Swiss Securities or German Securities) to the Relevant 
Programme Agent only, in the manner set out in General Condition 11.3(a) (Exercise 
Notice), at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the relevant Expiration Date, shall 
become void unless the relevant Issue Terms state that "Automatic Exercise" is 
applicable, in which case such Warrant shall be deemed to have been automatically 
exercised on the Expiration Date. 
(c) 
Failure to Exercise - American or Bermudan Style Warrants 
Any Warrant designated in the relevant Issue Terms as "American Style" or "Bermudan 
Style" with respect to which no duly completed Exercise Notice has been delivered to 
the Relevant Clearing System(s) and copied to the Relevant Programme Agent or (in the 
case of Warrants in definitive form and Warrants which are Swiss Securities or German 
Securities) to the Relevant Programme Agent only, in the manner set out in General 
Condition 11.3(a) (Exercise Notice), at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the 
relevant Expiration Date shall become void unless relevant Issue Terms state that 
"Automatic Exercise" is applicable, in which case such Warrant shall be deemed to have 
been automatically exercised on the Expiration Date. 
11.2 
Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice Requirement 
In respect of Warrants which are automatically exercised, the relevant Holder shall, to the extent 
specified by the Issuer in a notice to the Holders given in the manner set out in General Condition 
31 (Notices), deliver to the Relevant Clearing System(s) copied to the Relevant Programme 
Agent (or deliver to the Relevant Programme Agent only in the case of Warrants in definitive 
form and Warrants which are Swiss Securities or German Securities) a notice (an "Automatic 
Exercise Warrant Notice") (substantially in the form provided by the Relevant Programme 
Agent to the Relevant Clearing System, which shall include in the case of Warrants to be settled 
by Physical Settlement the Non-U.S. Certification), or, in the case of Rule 144A Warrants or 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Warrants, the Eligible Investor Certification) within 30 days of the 
Expiration Date providing the information and certification specified in the Exercise Notice. 
Unless expressly provided otherwise, such Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice shall be deemed 
to be the Exercise Notice for the purposes of the General Conditions. 
Where an Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice is required by the Issuer, then the Settlement 
Amount of the Warrants, the Exercise Amount of the Warrants or the Issuer Physical Settlement 
Amount in respect of the Warrants will only be paid or delivered, as the case may be, to the 
Holder if the Relevant Clearing System(s) and/or Relevant Programme Agent receives an 
Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice in such form as the Relevant Clearing System(s) and/or 
Relevant Programme Agent considers in its discretion to be satisfactory, within 30 days of the 
Expiration Date and if no such Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice is received in respect of 
those Warrants initially subject to Physical Settlement, such Warrants shall be subject to Cash 
Settlement in all circumstances with such reductions to the Settlement Amount for the Expenses 
arising as a result of such Holder's failure to deliver such required Automatic Exercise Warrant 
Notice. Settlement of Warrants will be made in accordance with this General Condition 11 
except that the Issuer shall, for each Warrant being exercised, transfer or procure the transfer of 
the Settlement Amount or the Exercise Amount on the Alternative Settlement Date, which shall 
occur only upon receipt and approval of such Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice, as the case 
may be. 
11.3 
Exercise Procedure 
(a) 
Exercise Notice 
Warrants may be exercised in the following manner:

--- Page 277 ---
General Conditions 
 
271 
 
 
in respect of Warrants (other than Warrants which are German Securities) 
represented by a Global Warrant which is held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg only, by the sending of an authenticated instruction by 
SWIFT message or by any other authorised communication channel, in 
accordance with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg's rules and operating 
procedures, to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, which shall include 
all the information set out in the form provided by the Principal Programme Agent 
and which will constitute an Exercise Notice in respect of such Warrants and, 
following receipt, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will send copies of 
any Exercise Notices so received to the Principal Programme Agent; or 
 
in respect of any Warrants other than Warrants represented by a Global Warrant 
which is held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (including 
Warrants which are German Securities), by delivery of a duly completed Exercise 
Notice (substantially in the form provided by the Relevant Programme Agent) to 
the Relevant Clearing System(s) with a copy to the Relevant Programme Agent 
or to the Relevant Programme Agent only (in the case of Warrants in definitive 
form and Warrants which are Swiss Securities or German Securities), 
in each case prior to the Latest Exercise Time on any Scheduled Trading Day (in the case 
of "American Style" Warrants) or the Latest Exercise Time on any Potential Exercise 
Date (in the case of "Bermudan Style" Warrants) during the relevant Exercise Period; 
provided that, in respect of Warrants designated in the relevant Issue Terms as "European 
Style", such Exercise Notice may be delivered at any time after 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) 
on the Business Day immediately preceding the Expiration Date but prior to the Latest 
Exercise Time on the Expiration Date as provided above. 
(b) 
Verification of the Holder 
Upon receipt of an Exercise Notice (if any) in respect of Warrants other than Warrants 
which are German Securities, the Relevant Programme Agent will request the Relevant 
Clearing System(s) to verify that the person exercising the Warrants specified therein 
was, as at 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the relevant Exercise Date, the Holder thereof 
according to the books of the Relevant Clearing System(s). If the Relevant Clearing 
System(s) is/are unable so to verify, such Exercise Notice shall be deemed not to have 
been given. In the event that the Warrants are Registered Warrants in definitive form, the 
Registrar will verify that the person exercising the Warrants is the Holder thereof and 
will inform the Issuer of the details thereof, and the inability of the Registrar to so verify 
shall cause such Exercise Notice to be deemed not given. In respect of Warrants other 
than Warrants which are German Securities, the Relevant Clearing System(s) will, on or 
before the Settlement Date, debit the Warrants being exercised from the account of the 
Holder specified in the Exercise Notice (but without prejudice to the accrued rights of 
the relevant Holder).  
In the case of exercised Warrants in definitive form where Issuer Physical Settlement is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable, the relevant Issuer Physical 
Settlement Amount (if any) shall be delivered outside the United States to the Holder by 
the Delivery Agent. 
(c) 
Cash Settlement - Warrants 
The Issuer shall, for each Warrant being exercised and which is to be settled by Cash 
Settlement, on the Settlement Date transfer or procure the transfer of the Settlement 
Amount, less any Expenses due by reason of such exercise or deemed exercise of such 
Warrant (including any Expenses which are required by law to be deducted or withheld 
from any payments from the Issuer to the Holder of such Warrant, provided that if the 
deduction of Expenses would otherwise reduce the amount payable to the Holder to zero, 
such amount shall be deemed to be zero), which the Issuer is authorised to deduct under 
the Exercise Notice as applicable, to the Holder's account (located outside the United 
States) as specified in the relevant Exercise Notice for value on the Settlement Date,

--- Page 278 ---
General Conditions 
 
272 
 
provided that, if no Exercise Notice is delivered for the exercise of such Warrants and 
Automatic Exercise is applicable to such Warrants: 
 
if the Warrants are represented by a Global Warrant or are Swiss Securities in 
uncertificated form (other than Warrants which are German Securities), then the 
Issuer shall pay the Settlement Amount in respect of such Warrants, less any 
Expenses to the Relevant Clearing System(s) for the credit of the accounts of the 
relevant Holders;  
 
if the Warrants are German Securities represented by a Global Warrant then the 
Issuer shall pay the Settlement Amount in respect of such Warrants, less any 
Expenses against presentation or surrender of the Global Warrant at the specified 
office of the Relevant Programme Agent, to the Relevant Clearing System, for 
the credit of the account of the relevant account holder with the Relevant Clearing 
System;  
 
if the Warrants are in definitive form (other than Warrants which are Swiss 
Securities), then the Issuer shall pay the Settlement Amount in respect of such 
Warrants in definitive form, less any Expenses by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Holder by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with a Bank; or 
 
if the Warrants are in definitive form and are Swiss Securities, by transfer to an 
account denominated in the relevant currency drawn on a Bank against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Warrants in definitive form at the 
specified office of the Swiss Programme Agent, 
in each case, subject to, if so required by the Issuer, the provision by such Holder of an 
Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice. 
(d) 
Issuer Physical Settlement 
The Issuer shall, for each Warrant being exercised and which is to be settled by Issuer 
Physical Settlement, on the Settlement Date (but only if the Exercise Amount (if any) 
and any other amounts payable by the Holder in connection with such exercise, have 
been received by the Issuer and all Expenses have been paid by the Holder in accordance 
with General Condition 11.3(g) (Expenses)), deliver or procure delivery of the Issuer 
Physical Settlement Amount to the account (located outside the United States) or person 
specified in the relevant Exercise Notice, as applicable. For the purposes hereof, delivery 
of the Issuer Physical Settlement Amount will be made in accordance with usual market 
practice for delivery of the Shares comprising the Issuer Physical Settlement Amount.  
(e) 
Determination 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice contains all the relevant information 
and is validly delivered shall be made by the Relevant Programme Agent (as applicable) 
in its sole and absolute discretion and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) in respect of Warrants issued by JPMSP, the Registrar, the 
Calculation Agent and the Holder. Any Exercise Notice so determined to be incomplete 
or not in proper form, or which is not, in the case of a Warrant sent or otherwise copied 
to the Relevant Programme Agent immediately after being sent to the Relevant Clearing 
System(s) (in the case of Global Warrants) or to the Relevant Programme Agent (in the 
case of Warrants in definitive form and Warrants which are Swiss Securities or German 
Securities), as applicable, shall be void. If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected 
to the satisfaction of the Relevant Programme Agent as applicable, it shall be deemed to 
be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time the correction is delivered. The Relevant 
Programme Agent will endeavour to notify the Holder of an incomplete Exercise Notice 
as soon as possible after it becomes aware of the improper exercise. An Exercise Notice 
shall not be considered to be duly completed if it does not contain the Non-U.S. 
Certification in the required form.

--- Page 279 ---
General Conditions 
 
273 
 
(f) 
Effect of Exercise of Warrants 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice or, in the case of automatically exercised Warrants, the 
occurrence of the Exercise Date, shall constitute an irrevocable election by the relevant 
Holder to exercise the relevant Warrants. After delivery of such Exercise Notice or 
occurrence of such Exercise Date (as applicable), such exercising Holder may not 
otherwise transfer such Warrants. Notwithstanding this, if any Holder does so transfer or 
attempts so to transfer such Warrants, the Holder will be liable to the Issuer for any 
Expenses suffered or incurred by the Issuer or any of its affiliates through whom it has 
hedged its position, including those suffered or incurred as a consequence of the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates through whom it has hedged its position having terminated or 
commenced any related hedging operations in reliance on the relevant Exercise Notice 
or Exercise Date (as applicable) and subsequently (i) entering into replacement hedging 
operations in respect of such Warrants or (ii) paying any amount on the subsequent 
exercise of such Warrants without having entered into any replacement hedging 
operations. 
(g) 
Expenses 
A Holder exercising a Warrant shall pay (i) all Expenses, if any, payable in connection 
with the exercise of the Warrant, (ii) all Expenses in relation to any transfer of the Issuer 
Physical Settlement Amount made as a result of such exercise, (iii) all Expenses arising 
on the exercise of the Warrants in the place in which the Exercise Notice is delivered, 
(iv) all Expenses involved in delivering the Exercise Notice and (v) all Expenses, if any, 
involved in complying with the Non-U.S. Certification. 
(h) 
Minimum Number of Warrants Exercisable 
If Warrants are designated as "American Style" or "Bermudan Style" and a Minimum 
Exercise Number is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then, save in respect of when 
the Exercise Date is the Expiration Date, the Warrants of such Series or Tranche may 
only be exercised in the Minimum Exercise Number or such multiples in which such 
Series or Tranche may be exercised in accordance with the relevant Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Maximum Number of Warrants Exercisable 
If Warrants are designated as "American Style" or "Bermudan Style" and a Maximum 
Exercise Number is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then if, following any Exercise 
Date other than the Expiration Date, the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion that more than the Maximum Exercise Number of Warrants of a Series or 
Tranche were purportedly exercised on such Exercise Date by a single Holder or a group 
of Holders acting in concert, then the Issuer may deem the Exercise Date for the first 
such Quota of such Warrants thus exercised to be such date, and the Exercise Date for 
each Quota of Warrants (or part of a Quota thereof, in the case of the last amount) thus 
exercised to be each succeeding day thereafter, until all such Warrants exercised on such 
first Exercise Date by such Holder or group of Holders have been allocated an Exercise 
Date through this procedure. In any case, where more than the Quota of Warrants of a 
Series or Tranche are so exercised on the same day by a Holder or group of Holders 
acting in concert, the order of settlement in respect of such Warrants shall be at the sole 
and absolute discretion of the Issuer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may, at 
any time, in its discretion, accept more than the Quota of Warrants of a Series or Tranche 
for exercise on any Exercise Date.  
(j) 
Record Date 
Each payment in respect of: 
 
a Registered Warrant represented by a Global Security will be paid to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register as at the close of business on the clearing 
system business day (or on such other number of days as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms) before the due date for the payment thereof (in respect of such

--- Page 280 ---
General Conditions 
 
274 
 
Registered Warrant represented by a Global Security, the "Record Date"). In this 
General Condition 11.3(j)(i), "clearing system business day" means, in relation 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, each day which is not a Saturday or 
a Sunday, 25 December or 1 January, and, in relation to any other Relevant 
Clearing System, each day on which such Relevant Clearing System is open for 
business; 
 
a Registered Warrant in definitive form will be paid to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day (or on such 
other number of days as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) before the due date 
for the payment thereof (in respect of such Registered Warrant in definitive form, 
the "Record Date"). Where payment in respect of a Registered Warrant in 
definitive form is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address 
of the Holder appearing in the Register (or to the first-named of joint holders); 
and 
 
a Swiss Warrant (other than Swiss Warrants in definitive form) shall be made to 
the Holder on the due date for such payment. 
F. 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO NOTES, WARRANTS AND CERTIFICATES 
12 
Business Day 
12.1 
Business Day Convention  
If any date referred to in the Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent such date (if any) shall be 
the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject 
to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, provided that, where the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention or Preceding Business Day Convention applies to any 
relevant date, and the Issue Terms provide that such Business Day Convention is "subject to 
adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday", then if that date would otherwise fall on a day that is not 
a Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday, that date will instead fall on the first 
following day that is a Business Day. 
12.2 
Payments on Payment Days 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Security is not a Payment Day, the 
Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day and shall not be 
entitled to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. For these purposes, 
"Payment Day" means any day which is: 
 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Additional Financial Centre (if any) specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; and 
 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than the place of presentation and any Additional Financial Centre and

--- Page 281 ---
General Conditions 
 
275 
 
which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be 
Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day 
on which T2 is open, unless the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Default Business 
Day" to be not applicable, in which case paragraph (a) above shall apply. 
13 
Payment Disruption 
13.1 
Occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event 
In the event that the Calculation Agent, at any time and from time to time, determines in its 
discretion that a Payment Disruption Event has occurred or is likely to occur, then the 
Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the Holders of the relevant Securities of 
the occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event in accordance with General Condition 31 
(Notices). 
13.2 
Consequences of a Payment Disruption Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event: 
(a) 
Extension of relevant dates 
The Interest Payment Date, the Maturity Date, the Exercise Date, the Redemption Date, 
the Coupon Payment Date, the Settlement Date or any other date on which the Securities 
may be exercised or redeemed or any amount shall be due and payable in respect of the 
relevant Securities shall, subject to General Condition 13.2(d) (Payment Event Cut-off 
Date and Payment Event Payment Date), be extended to a date falling 14 calendar days 
(or such other date as may be determined by the Calculation Agent and notified to the 
Holders in accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices)) after the date on which the 
Payment Disruption Event is no longer occurring and notice thereof shall be given to the 
relevant Holders in accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices). 
(b) 
Obligation to pay postponed 
The Issuer's obligation to pay the Settlement Amount, Exercise Amount, Interest 
Amount, Coupon Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Redemption Amount or any such 
other amounts in respect of the relevant Securities (the "Affected Amount"), subject to 
General Condition 13.2(d) (Payment Event Cut-off Date and Payment Event Payment 
Date), shall be postponed until 14 calendar days (or such other date as may be determined 
by the Calculation Agent and notified to the Holders in accordance with General 
Condition 31 (Notices)) after the date on which the Payment Disruption Event is no 
longer operating. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may, in its discretion, elect 
to satisfy in part its obligation to pay the amounts as may be due and payable under the 
relevant Securities by making a partial payment(s) (the "Partial Distributions"). Any 
Partial Distribution made by the Issuer to the Holders will be calculated and/or 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion and shall be paid to the Holders pro 
rata to the proportion of the Securities of the same series held by the relevant Holder. In 
the event that any Partial Distribution is made by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent may, 
in its discretion, make any such corresponding adjustment to any variable relevant to the 
settlement, redemption or payment terms of the relevant Securities as it deems necessary 
and shall notify the relevant Holders thereof in accordance with General Condition 31 
(Notices).  
(c) 
Payments net of expenses 
Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary, (a) any payments made in accordance 
with this General Condition 13.2 shall be made after deduction of any costs, expenses or 
liabilities incurred or to be incurred by the Calculation Agent or Issuer in connection 
with or arising from the resolution of the relevant Payment Disruption Event and (b) a 
Holder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, on the 
Securities in the event of any delay which may occur in the payment of any amounts due 
and payable under the Securities as a result of the operation of this General Condition 
13.2 and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer.

--- Page 282 ---
General Conditions 
 
276 
 
(d) 
Payment Event Cut-off Date and Payment Event Payment Date 
In the event that a Payment Disruption Event is still occurring on the Payment Event Cut-
off Date, then the Interest Payment Date, the Maturity Date, the Exercise Date, the 
Redemption Date, the Settlement Date, the Coupon Payment Date or any other date for 
the relevant Securities in respect of which redemption amounts in relation to any of the 
Securities would otherwise be due and payable but for the occurrence of such Payment 
Disruption Event shall be postponed to the Payment Event Payment Date and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the USD Equivalent Amount of the Affected Amount 
based on the USD/Affected Currency Exchange Rate as of the Payment Disruption 
Valuation Date and Issuer shall make payment of the USD Equivalent Amount of the 
Affected Amount on the Payment Event Payment Date in full and final settlement of its 
obligations to pay such Affected Amount in respect of the Securities. The Calculation 
Agent shall as soon as practicable after the Payment Event Cut-off Date notify the 
Holders of the time on the Payment Disruption Valuation Date on which the 
USD/Affected Currency Exchange Rate will be determined. In the event the Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine the USD Equivalent Amount in respect of the Affected 
Amount on the Payment Disruption Valuation Date, the Holders will not receive any 
amounts. Thereafter, the Issuer shall have no obligations whatsoever under the 
Securities. 
(e) 
Amendment 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this General Condition 13 (Payment Disruption), 
in the event that the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines that (i) the Payment Disruption Event(s) has (or there is 
a substantial likelihood that it (or they, if more than one such event) will have) a material 
impact on the Issuer's ability to make full and lawful payment of the amounts due under 
the Securities and/or the Holders' rights to receive such payment and that (ii) such 
Payment Disruption Event(s) have been in existence for at least 14 days from original 
occurrence (and remain subsisting) or that based on publicly available information there 
is not a substantial likelihood that the Payment Disruption Event(s) will no longer be 
occurring within 14 days of original occurrence, then the Calculation Agent may 
determine that the Conditions of the Securities shall be amended as appropriate to 
account for the Payment Disruption Event(s) in order to eliminate or ameliorate the 
impact of the Payment Disruption Event(s) on the payment of the amounts due under the 
Securities and receipt thereof (which amendment(s) may include, without limitation, the 
conversion of the amount(s) payable under the Securities into USD, EUR or another 
major currency, at a rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) at the time of the amendment(s) or 
prior to each relevant payment). In such case, the Issuer shall amend the Conditions of 
the Securities without the consent of the Holders, and such amendment shall take effect 
in accordance with its terms and be binding on the Holders and shall be notified to the 
Holders in accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices) as soon as practicable (but 
failure to give such notice, or non-receipt thereof, shall not affect the validity of such 
amendment). 
14 
Physical Settlement 
14.1 
Physical Settlement in respect of Securities 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Physical Settlement" to be applicable (and, in respect of the 
requirements relating to a Reference Asset Transfer Notices only, specifies "Reference Asset 
Transfer Notice" to be applicable), in order to obtain delivery of the Reference Asset Amount(s) 
in respect of the Securities, the relevant Holder must deliver, not later than the close of business 
in each place of receipt on the relevant Physical Settlement Cut-off Date, (i) if the Securities are 
represented by a Global Security, a positive confirmation to the Relevant Clearing System that 
it makes all of the required certifications, representations, undertakings and authorisations, 
together with the provision of the required specifications, in the Reference Asset Transfer Notice 
(any such confirmation will be made in electronic form or in such other manner as is acceptable 
to the Relevant Clearing System), or (ii) if the Securities are in definitive form, a duly completed

--- Page 283 ---
General Conditions 
 
277 
 
Reference Asset Transfer Notice to any Paying Agent, in each case with a copy to each of the 
Issuer, the Relevant Programme Agent and the Delivery Agent. The foregoing requirement shall 
not apply to Swiss Securities or to German Securities save, in the case of German Securities, 
where "Reference Asset Transfer Notice" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
A Reference Asset Transfer Notice (or, where the Securities are represented by a Global 
Security, the required certifications, representations, undertakings and authorisations, together 
with the provision of the required specifications, in the Reference Asset Transfer Notice) may 
only be delivered (i) if the Securities are represented by a Global Security, in electronic form or 
in such other manner as is acceptable to the Relevant Clearing System, or (ii) if the Securities 
are in definitive form, in writing or in such other manner as is acceptable to the Relevant 
Programme Agent. 
The delivery of the Reference Asset Amount(s) shall be made (i) if practicable and in respect of 
Securities represented by a Global Security, to the Relevant Clearing System for the credit of 
the account of the Holder (or, in the case of German Securities or Swiss Securities, the relevant 
accountholder in the Relevant Clearing System) or (ii) in such other commercially reasonable 
manner as the Issuer shall determine to be appropriate for such delivery and shall notify to the 
Holders in accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices). 
No delivery and/or transfer of any Reference Asset Amount(s) shall be made until all Delivery 
Expenses arising from the delivery and/or transfer of any Reference Asset Amount(s) have been 
paid to the satisfaction of the relevant Issuer by the relevant Holder. 
14.2 
Reference Asset Transfer Notice 
(a) 
Verification of details in a Reference Asset Transfer Notice 
Upon receipt of a Reference Asset Transfer Notice, in the case of (i) Securities 
represented by a Global Security, the Relevant Clearing System or (ii) Securities in 
definitive form, the Relevant Programme Agent, shall verify that the person specified 
therein as the Holder is the holder of the specified principal amount of Notes or, as the 
case may be, number of Warrants or Certificates according to its books. 
(b) 
No Withdrawal of Reference Asset Transfer Notice 
No Reference Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after (i) in the case of Global 
Securities, receipt thereof by the Relevant Clearing System or (ii) in the case of Securities 
in definitive form, receipt thereof by the Relevant Programme Agent. After delivery of 
a Reference Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Holder may not transfer the Securities 
which are the subject of such notice. 
(c) 
Failure to properly complete a Reference Asset Transfer Notice 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Reference Asset Transfer Notice may result 
in such notice being treated as null and void. Any determination as to whether such notice 
has been properly completed and delivered as provided in these General Conditions shall 
be made (i) in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, by the Relevant 
Clearing System, after consultation with the Relevant Programme Agent, and shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Holder and (ii) in the case of 
Securities in definitive form, by the Relevant Programme Agent, and shall be conclusive 
and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Holder. The relevant Issuer may determine, in 
its discretion, whether to waive the requirement to deliver a properly completed 
Reference Asset Transfer Notice prior to the Physical Settlement Cut-off Date in order 
for such Holder to receive the Interest Amount, Coupon Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Redemption Amount or Settlement Amount, as applicable, by obtaining 
delivery of the Reference Asset Amount in respect of such Securities and shall give 
notice of such waiver to the Relevant Clearing System (if applicable), and to each of the 
Paying Agents, the Relevant Programme Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Delivery 
Agent.

--- Page 284 ---
General Conditions 
 
278 
 
(d) 
Failure to provide the certifications in a Reference Asset Transfer Notice 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "Equity Certification" and "Non-U.S. Certification" 
to be applicable (in each case in the form set out in the Reference Asset Transfer Notice), 
and the relevant Holder has not provided the certifications as so required by the relevant 
Physical Settlement Cut-off Date, the Issuer may, instead of delivering, or having 
delivered on its behalf, the Reference Asset Amount, satisfy its obligations in respect of 
the relevant Security by payment to the relevant Holder of a cash amount, calculated by 
the Calculation Agent to represent the fair market value of the Deliverable Reference 
Assets comprising such Reference Asset Amount on such day as shall be selected by the 
Issuer and adjusted to take account fully for any losses, expenses and costs to the Issuer 
and/or any affiliate of the Issuer of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or related 
hedging arrangements (including but not limited to any options or selling or otherwise 
realising any relevant Share or other instruments or assets of any type whatsoever which 
the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may hold as part of such hedging arrangements).  
14.3 
Delivery of Reference Asset Amount 
Subject as provided in this General Condition 14, in relation to each Security which is to be 
redeemed or satisfied by delivery of a Reference Asset Amount, provided, if required, that the 
Reference Asset Transfer Notice is duly delivered not later than the close of business in each 
place of receipt on the relevant Physical Settlement Cut-off Date, the Reference Asset Amount 
will be delivered on behalf of the Issuer by the Delivery Agent at the risk of the relevant Holder 
in the manner provided above on, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, the Interest Payment 
Date, Coupon Payment Date, Settlement Date or the Maturity Date (or, if any such date is not a 
business day, on the next following business day), as the case may be (each such date, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with this General Condition 14, a "Delivery Date").  
Subject as provided in this General Condition 14, in relation to each Security which is to be 
redeemed or satisfied by delivery of a Reference Asset Amount, if a Reference Asset Transfer 
Notice is duly delivered later than the close of business on the relevant Physical Settlement Cut-
off Date in each place of receipt, then the Issuer may deliver the Reference Asset Amount as 
soon as practicable after the relevant Interest Payment Date, Coupon Payment Date, Settlement 
Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be (in which case, such date of delivery shall be the 
relevant Delivery Date). In such circumstances, the Holder shall not be entitled to any payment, 
whether of interest or otherwise, in the event that it receives delivery of the Reference Asset 
Amount after the Delivery Date, and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or 
to the Delivery Agent. 
14.4 
Dividends or other distributions 
Where the Reference Asset Amount comprises Shares, any dividend or other distribution in 
respect of such Reference Asset Amount will be payable to the party that would receive such 
dividend or other distribution according to market practice for a sale of the Share executed on 
the Interest Payment Date, Coupon Payment Date, Settlement Date or the Maturity Date, as the 
case may be, and to be delivered in the same manner as the Reference Asset Amount. Any such 
dividend or other distribution to be paid to a Holder shall be paid to the account specified in the 
relevant Reference Asset Transfer Notice or, in the case of Swiss Securities or German 
Securities (in respect of German Securities, unless a Reference Asset Transfer Notice is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms), to the Relevant Clearing System for the 
credit of the account of the relevant accountholder in the Relevant Clearing System. 
14.5 
Settlement Disruption Event 
(a) 
Postponement of Delivery Date 
If a Settlement Disruption Event prevents delivery of a Reference Asset Amount on a 
Delivery Date, then the Delivery Date will be the first succeeding date on which delivery 
of the Reference Asset Amount can take place through the Relevant Clearing System 
unless a Settlement Disruption Event prevents settlement on each of the eight Clearing 
System Business Days immediately following the original date that, but for the

--- Page 285 ---
General Conditions 
 
279 
 
occurrence of the Settlement Disruption Event, would have been the Delivery Date. In 
that case, (i) if such Reference Asset Amount can be delivered in any other commercially 
reasonable manner (in the determination of the Calculation Agent), then the Delivery 
Date will be the first date on which settlement of a sale of the Reference Assets 
comprising the Reference Asset Amount executed on that eighth Clearing System 
Business Day customarily would take place using such other commercially reasonable 
manner of delivery (which other manner of delivery will be deemed the Relevant 
Clearing System for the purposes of delivery of the relevant Reference Asset Amount), 
and (ii) if such Reference Asset Amount cannot be delivered in any other commercially 
reasonable manner (in the determination of the Calculation Agent), then the Delivery 
Date will be postponed until delivery can be effected through the Relevant Clearing 
System or in any other commercially reasonable manner. 
(b) 
No liability for delayed settlement 
A Holder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, on the 
Security in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Reference Asset Amount pursuant 
to this General Condition 14.5 and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer 
or the Delivery Agent. 
(c) 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price 
For so long as delivery of the Reference Asset Amount is not practicable by reason of a 
Settlement Disruption Event pursuant to the terms of this General Condition 14.5, then 
notwithstanding that Physical Settlement is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, or any other provision of the Payout Conditions or the General Conditions, 
the Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor may elect in its discretion to satisfy its 
obligations in respect of the relevant Security by payment to the relevant Holder of the 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price not later than on the third Clearing System Business 
Day following the date that the notice of such election is given to the Holders in 
accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices) (provided that the obligation to make 
any such payment, including the date on which such payment is made and whether such 
payment is made, shall be subject to the provisions of General Condition 13 (Payment 
Disruption)). Payment of the relevant Disruption Cash Settlement Price will be made (i) 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 
31 (Notices) or (ii) in respect of Securities which are represented by a Global Security or 
Swiss Securities issued in uncertificated form and if practicable, to the Relevant Clearing 
System for the credit of the account of the relevant accountholder in the Relevant 
Clearing System. 
(d) 
Intervening Period 
If during the period of time after the Interest Payment Date, Coupon Payment Date, 
Settlement Date or Maturity Date, as the case may be, and the Delivery Date (the 
"Intervening Period"), the Issuer or any subsidiary or affiliate of the Issuer or any other 
entity acting on behalf of the Issuer is the legal owner of any securities that may comprise 
a part of any Deliverable Reference Assets whether owned in connection with such 
entity's hedge of its obligations, directly or indirectly, under the Securities or otherwise 
held in its normal course of business, neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries or 
affiliates or such other entities shall be under any obligation or liability to any Holder in 
respect of such Deliverable Reference Assets, including (i) any obligation to deliver or 
procure delivery to the relevant Holder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such 
Securities, any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or payment 
(including any interest, dividend or any other distribution) in respect of any Deliverable 
Reference Asset(s) whatsoever received by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries or 
affiliates or any such other entities in its capacity as the holder of such Deliverable 
Reference Asset(s), (ii) any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights 
(including voting rights) attaching to such Deliverable Reference Asset(s) during the 
Intervening Period or (iii) any liability to the relevant Holder, as the case may be, or any 
subsequent beneficial owner of such Securities in respect of any loss or damage which 
the relevant Holder, as the case may be, or subsequent beneficial owner may sustain or

--- Page 286 ---
General Conditions 
 
280 
 
suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being the legal owner of 
such Securities during such Intervening Period. 
15 
Events of Default 
15.1 
Occurrence of Event of Default 
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of any one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
Failure to pay Instalment Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Payment 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Redemption Amount, Settlement Amount or 
Residual Cash Amount or to deliver Reference Asset Amount 
The relevant Issuer does not pay any Instalment Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, 
Early Payment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Redemption Amount or Settlement 
Amount, as applicable, in respect of the Securities when the same is due and payable or 
deliver any Reference Asset Amount and/or pay any Residual Cash Amount in respect 
of any Securities when the same is deliverable or make payment or delivery of any other 
amount in respect of any Securities when the same is due and payable or deliverable, as 
the case may be, and such failure continues for 30 days; or 
(b) 
Failure to pay interest on Notes or coupon amount on Certificates 
The relevant Issuer does not pay interest on any of the Notes or a coupon amount on any 
of the Certificates when the same is due and payable, and such failure continues for 30 
days; or 
(c) 
Insolvency of JPMSP or repudiation of the Guarantee  
In respect of Securities issued by JPMSP: 
 
the Issuer applies for suspension of payments (surséance van betaling) or has 
been declared bankrupt (failliet verklaard), in both cases within the meaning of 
the Netherlands Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet), or has become subject to 
analogous proceedings under the Netherlands Financial Supervision Act (Wet op 
het financieel toezicht) and, in each case, any such proceedings remain unstayed 
and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive calendar days; or 
 
an order is made by any competent court or an effective resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution of JPMSP ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all 
or a substantial part of its business or operations, in each case except for the 
purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger or consolidation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Holders (provided that, where the relevant event also comes within the terms of 
paragraph (i) above, then the terms of paragraph (i) above shall prevail over the 
terms of this paragraph (ii)); or 
 
the Guarantee is not (or is claimed by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. not to be) in 
full force and effect; or 
(d) 
Insolvency of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or repudiation of the Security Interests 
In respect of Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMSP: 
 
a decree or order of a court or supervisory authority having jurisdiction in the 
premises for the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, trustee, assignee, 
custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 
or of all or substantially all of the property of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., or for 
the winding-up or liquidation of the affairs of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., has 
been entered, and such decree or order remains unstayed and in effect for a period 
of 90 consecutive days; or

--- Page 287 ---
General Conditions 
 
281 
 
 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. consents to the appointment of, or the taking 
possession by, a receiver, liquidator, trustee, assignee, custodian, sequestrator, or 
similar official of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., or of all or substantially all of the 
property of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.; or 
 
the occurrence of a Security Interests Event and such Security Interests Event 
continues for 10 Business Days following notification to the Holders pursuant to 
the following paragraph. 
If the Security Interests in respect of a Series of Securities or Linked Series of Securities, 
if applicable, are not (or are claimed by the Collateral Provider not to be) in full force 
and effect (a "Security Interests Event"), the Issuer shall promptly notify the Holders 
of such Securities in accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices); or 
(e) 
Delivery of Final Collateral Failure Notice 
With respect to any Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is "Margined Collateral" or "Static and Margined Collateral", 
the Issuer gives a Final Collateral Failure Notice to the Holders of such Series (pursuant 
to General Condition 22 (Collateral Provider failure to maintain Posted Collateral)).  
15.2 
Consequences of an Event of Default 
Except in the case where all Securities have already become due and payable, if an Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing in respect of a Series of Securities, the Holder of any 
Security of such Series of Securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder of any 
Security of such Series of Securities in respect of which an Event of Default has not occurred) 
may give written notice to the relevant Issuer and the Relevant Programme Agent at their 
specified offices declaring such Security to be due and payable, whereupon such Security shall 
become due and payable on such date or, if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Reference Bond Linked Redemption Date (such date, 
the "Acceleration Date" at an amount (such amount, the "Early Payment Amount")), which 
amount shall be, in respect of: 
(a) 
each Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount (as defined in General Condition 
37.1 (Definitions)), the greater of (I) the Minimum Redemption Amount and (II) Early 
Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early 
Payment Amount 4 as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms calculated 
in respect of the Acceleration Date provided that the Calculation Agent shall disregard 
any change in the credit worthiness of the relevant Issuer and Guarantor (if applicable) 
since the Issue Date of the Securities in its determination of such amount; and 
(b) 
each Security that does not have a Minimum Redemption Amount, Early Payment 
Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment 
Amount 4, as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms calculated in respect 
of the Acceleration Date provided that the Calculation Agent shall disregard any change 
in the credit worthiness of the relevant Issuer and Guarantor (if applicable) since the 
Issue Date of the Securities in its determination of such amount, 
unless the Event of Default shall have been cured by the Issuer or waived by the Holders prior 
to receipt of such notice by the Issuer and the Relevant Programme Agent. 
15.3 
Automatic Acceleration Event  
If a Security has become due and payable at its final Instalment Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Early Payment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Redemption Amount, Settlement 
Amount, Residual Cash Amount or any other amount payable by the Issuer on that Security by 
way of a redemption in full of such Security, and the relevant Issuer does not pay such amount 
within 30 days of it becoming due (an "Automatic Acceleration Event (Payment Default)"), 
all remaining Securities of the Series of Securities (where they are not already due and payable) 
and any Linked Series of Securities to which such Security relates shall become due and payable 
(i) if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms,

--- Page 288 ---
General Conditions 
 
282 
 
immediately and (ii) if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, on the Reference Bond Linked Redemption Date in respect of such Securities at their 
respective Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 15.2). 
If a Security is to be redeemed by settlement of a Reference Asset Amount or any other amount 
deliverable by the Issuer on that Security by way of a redemption in full of such Security, and 
the Issuer does not deliver such Reference Asset Amount or such other amount within 30 days 
of it becoming deliverable (other than in accordance with the provisions of the Conditions) (an 
"Automatic Acceleration Event (Delivery Default)"), all Securities of the Series of Securities 
and any Linked Series of Securities to which such Security relates shall become due and payable 
immediately at their respective Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 15.2 
(Consesquences of an Event of Default)). 
15.4 
Suspension of claims/further action against the Issuer 
In respect of Securities that are issued by JPMSP, if an Event of Default has occurred by reason 
of a failure to pay by the Issuer pursuant to General Condition 15.1(a) or 15.1(b) in respect of 
any Securities, notwithstanding any term to the contrary, no claims may be brought or further 
action may be taken against the Issuer or, for the avoidance of doubt, the Guarantor in respect 
of any amounts that may remain due and payable by the Issuer to the Holders in respect of the 
relevant Series of Securities or, if applicable, the relevant Linked Series of Securities until the 
Security Trustee (or any appointed receiver) has, to the extent applicable, enforced the Security 
Interests in respect of the relevant Series of Securities or, if applicable, the relevant Linked 
Series of Securities and the proceeds thereof have been applied in full. 
16 
Early Redemption or Termination for Illegality 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem or terminate (as applicable) the Securities early (on giving 
not less than ten nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Holders (such notice period, 
the "Termination Event Notice Period") (or such other notice period as may be specified as 
the "Termination Event Notice Period" in the relevant Issue Terms)) in the event that it (in the 
case of (ii) below, the Guarantor, if any) determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (i) 
its performance of its obligations under the terms of the Securities or (ii) (if applicable) the 
performance by the Guarantor under the Guarantee, has (or there is a substantial likelihood that 
it will) become unlawful in whole or in part as a result (directly or indirectly) of (x) any change 
in financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange rates, or (y) compliance in 
good faith by the Issuer (or in the case of the Guarantee, if any, the Guarantor) or any relevant 
subsidiaries or affiliates with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgement, 
order or directive of any governmental, administrative or judicial authority or power (including, 
without limitation, sanctions laws and regulations of the United States, the United Kingdom, the 
United Nations or the European Union) or interpretation thereof (such event, a "Termination 
Event"). In the event of an early redemption or termination (as applicable) of the Securities 
following a Termination Event, the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each 
such Security held by it the Early Payment Amount. 
17 
Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event in relation to any Securities, 
the Issuer may (but shall not be obliged to) redeem the Securities on such day as shall be notified 
to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices) and will, if and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, pay to the Holders in respect of each such Security the Early 
Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early 
Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment 
Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption)" 
shall be deleted.  
An "Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event" means, in relation to any Securities, the 
occurrence of any of the following events (as applicable): 
(a) 
if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an Extraordinary Hedge 
Sanctions Event;

--- Page 289 ---
General Conditions 
 
283 
 
(b) 
if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an Extraordinary Hedge Bail-in 
Event; and 
(c) 
if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an Extraordinary Hedge 
Currency Disruption Event. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of an inconsistency between the applicable terms of this 
General Condition 17 and the applicable terms of the Reference Asset Linked Conditions, the 
applicable terms of the Reference Asset Linked Conditions shall prevail (including, without 
limitation, that if an event may be both an Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event and an 
applicable Additional Disruption Event under the Reference Asset Linked Conditions, such 
event shall be deemed to be an Additional Disruption Event).  
If an event may be both an Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event and a Payment Disruption 
Event and the Issuer elects to redeem the Securities pursuant to this General Condition 17, 
General Condition 13 (Payment Disruption) shall be deemed not to apply.  
For such purpose, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
"Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions Event" means (and shall be deemed to have occurred 
where), in relation to any Securities, the Calculation Agent determines that, on or after the Issue 
Date, due to: 
(a) 
the adoption of, or announcement of, and/or any change in, any applicable law, rule, 
regulation, judgment, order, sanction, or directive of any governmental, administrative, 
legislative or judicial authority or power, in each case, relating to any economic or 
financial sanctions and embargo programmes, such as any restrictions applicable to 
designated or blocked persons, including but not limited to, those enacted, administered 
and/or enforced, from time to time, by any agency or other authority of the United States, 
the United Kingdom, the United Nations or the European Union (or any Member State 
thereof) (for the purposes of this definition, "applicable law"); or  
(b) 
the promulgation of, or any change in, the formal or informal interpretation of any 
applicable law by a court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction,  
the performance by a Hedging Entity under the related Underlying Hedge Transactions (or the 
Related Hedging Entity as if the Related Hedging Entity was a party to the related Underlying 
Hedge Transactions) has become or (based on any announcements of any of the jurisdictions or 
authorities referred to in paragraph (a) above or any other publicly available information which 
the Calculation Agent reasonably considers relevant) there is a substantial likelihood that it will 
become unlawful, impossible or otherwise impracticable in whole or in part, and the Hedging 
Entity (or the Related Hedging Entity as if it was a party to the related Underlying Hedge 
Transactions) is unable, through commercially reasonable efforts, to modify the Underlying 
Hedge Transactions and/or establish alternate hedging arrangements such that performance 
thereunder would not be unlawful, impossible or otherwise impracticable and the risks and/or 
costs of the Issuer and the Hedging Entity (or the Related Hedging Entity as if it was a party to 
the related Underlying Hedge Transactions) would not be materially increased thereby. 
"Extraordinary Hedge Bail-in Event" means (and shall be deemed to have occurred where), 
in relation to any Securities, on or after the Issue Date, the Hedging Entity or the counterparty 
(or counterparties) to the Hedging Entity under the related Underlying Hedge Transactions 
become(s) the subject of a resolution regime by an applicable resolution authority and, as a 
direct or indirect result (including without limitation due to the exercise, or publicly announced 
exercise, or (based on any publicly available information which the Calculation Agent 
reasonably considers relevant) there is a substantial likelihood that the relevant resolution 
authority will exercise within the next 90 days, a "bail-in" or other power by such authority 
under such regime), the Calculation Agent determines that (i) the obligations of the Hedging 
Entity or the counterparty (or counterparties) to the Hedging Entity under the related Underlying 
Hedge Transactions are or will be the subject of the exercise of a "bail-in" or (ii) there has 
otherwise been (or there will be) a material adverse effect on the related Underlying Hedge 
Transactions, and the Hedging Entity is unable, through commercially reasonable efforts, to

--- Page 290 ---
General Conditions 
 
284 
 
modify the Underlying Hedge Transactions and/or establish alternate hedging arrangements 
which do not materially increase the risks and/or costs of the Issuer and the Hedging Entity. 
"Extraordinary Hedge Currency Disruption Event" means (and shall be deemed to have 
occurred where), in relation to any Securities, on or after the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that:  
(a) 
(i) 
a Relevant Governmental Authority has introduced, or has announced its 
intention to introduce or (based on any publicly available information which the 
Calculation Agent reasonably considers relevant) there is a substantial likelihood 
that it will introduce within the next 90 days, a new currency (the "Substitute 
Currency") as the lawful currency within its territory or any part of its territory 
(and including beyond its territory where a bloc of countries has jointly agreed 
to adopt the Substitute Currency) in substitution for (or to circulate together with) 
its existing lawful currency (the "Initial Currency") (such event, a "Currency 
Substitution Event"); and/or 
 
a Relevant Governmental Authority has introduced, or has announced its 
intention to introduce or (based on any publicly available information which the 
Calculation Agent reasonably considers relevant) there is a substantial likelihood 
that it will introduce within the next 90 days, restrictions on movements of capital 
or on payments and transfers into or out of its territory or any part of its territory 
(and including beyond its territory where a bloc of countries has jointly agreed 
to adopt the Substitute Currency) (such event, an "Exchange Control Event"), 
and, in the case of each of paragraphs (a)(i) and (a)(ii) above: 
(x) 
whether or not such event is in accordance with or in breach of applicable 
international treaties or other obligations; and 
(y) 
for the avoidance of doubt, including the circumstance whereby a country (a 
"Departing Country") within a bloc of countries in a currency union effects, or 
announces its intention to effect, its withdrawal from the currency bloc and the 
replacement of the common currency of the currency union with another currency 
as the lawful currency of the Departing Country; and 
(b) 
any of, as a direct or indirect result: 
 
the payment obligations under the Underlying Hedge Transactions are 
redenominated into another currency following the Currency Substitution Event 
and/or the Exchange Control Event; and/or 
 
the payment obligations under the Underlying Hedge Transactions are subject to 
capital controls due to the Exchange Control Event; and/or 
 
the Underlying Hedge Transactions in respect of the Securities have been (or will 
be) otherwise materially adversely affected by the Currency Substitution Event 
and/or the Exchange Control Event, 
and the Hedging Entity is unable, through commercially reasonable efforts, to modify 
the Underlying Hedge Transactions and/or establish alternate hedging arrangements 
which do not materially increase the risks and/or costs of the Issuer and the Hedging 
Entity. 
For such purpose, "Relevant Governmental Authority" means, in relation to any applicable 
territory, any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), court, 
tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) 
charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of such 
territory.

--- Page 291 ---
General Conditions 
 
285 
 
18 
Static Collateral Event 
With respect to any Series of Securities where (i) the Type of Collateralisation specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms is "Static Collateral" or "Static and Margined Collateral" and (ii) either (a) 
"Bond Linked Provisions" is not specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) "Bond 
Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, but the Static 
Collateral is not comprised, in whole or in part, of the Reference Bond(s), upon the occurrence 
of a Static Collateral Event, the Issuer shall redeem the Series of Securities on such day as shall 
be notified to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices) and will pay to 
the Holders in respect of each such Security the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General 
Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 
2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the 
event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted. 
19 
Collateral Agreements Termination Event 
As soon as reasonably practicable following the occurrence of a Collateral Agreements 
Termination Event with respect to a Series of Securities, the Issuer shall notify the Holders of 
such occurrence in accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices). Following receipt of such 
notice, the Holder of any Security may give written notice to the Issuer and the Relevant 
Programme Agent at their specified offices requesting such Security to be redeemed early, 
whereupon each Security of the relevant Series of Securities or the Linked Series of Securities, 
if applicable, shall become due and payable (i) if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as not 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, immediately and (ii) if "Bond Linked Provisions" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, on the Reference Bond Linked Redemption 
Date at their Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions)), 
provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 
or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such 
early redemption)" shall be deleted. 
20 
Taxation and Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation 
20.1 
Obligation to pay Additional Amounts 
Subject to the deduction of any Delivery Expenses or Expenses in accordance with these 
General Conditions, payments of principal and interest on the Securities will be made without 
deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future tax, assessment or other 
governmental charge, of whatever nature, imposed or levied on such payment, except as 
required by law or under an agreement with the relevant taxing authority or in connection with 
an intergovernmental agreement. In that case, unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Gross 
Up" not to be applicable, or the relevant Issue Terms specify "Exclude Section 871(m) Taxes 
from Gross Up" to be applicable in respect of taxes imposed pursuant to Section 871(m) of the 
Code, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will, subject to the limitations and 
exceptions set forth below in General Condition 20.2 (Circumstances in which Additional 
Amounts will not be paid), pay to a Holder of Securities such additional amounts ("Additional 
Amounts") as may be necessary so that every net payment by the Issuer or the Guarantor or any 
of their Paying Agents of principal or interest with respect to the Securities after deduction or 
withholding for or on account of any such present or future tax, assessment or other 
governmental charge on such payment imposed by or within a Relevant Jurisdiction upon such 
Holder (other than with respect to a Holder that is a resident of such Relevant Jurisdiction), will 
not be less than the amount provided for in such Securities to be then due and payable. 
20.2 
Circumstances in which Additional Amounts will not be paid 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will be required to make any payment of Additional 
Amounts for or on account of: 
(a) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge or withholding which would not have 
been so imposed but for (A) the existence of any present or former connection between 
such Holder (or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of, or 
possessor of a power over, such Holder, if such Holder is an estate, a trust, a partnership

--- Page 292 ---
General Conditions 
 
286 
 
or a corporation) and the Relevant Jurisdiction including, without limitation, such Holder 
(or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, shareholder or possessor) being or 
having been present therein, being or having been a citizen or resident thereof, being or 
having been engaged in a trade or business therein or having had a permanent 
establishment therein, or (B) the failure of such Holder, any agent in the chain of custody 
over the payment, or the beneficial owner to comply with any certification, identification 
or information reporting requirements including, under any applicable tax treaty, to 
establish entitlement to exemption from or reduction of such tax, assessment or other 
governmental charge; 
(b) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property, or any similar tax, 
assessment or governmental charge; 
(c) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which is payable other than by 
withholding from payments of principal of or interest on such Security; 
(d) 
in respect of any Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., any tax, assessment 
or other governmental charge imposed by reason of such Holder's past or present status 
as a personal holding company, private foundation or other tax exempt organisation, 
passive foreign investment company, controlled foreign corporation with respect to the 
United States; a dealer in securities, commodities or currency or a corporation that 
accumulates earnings to avoid United States federal income tax; 
(e) 
in respect of any Rule 144A Security issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., any U.S. 
withholding taxes imposed on such Security; 
(f) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which is required to be withheld by a 
Paying Agent from payments of principal or of interest on any Security, if such payment 
can be made without such withholding by at least one other Paying Agent; 
(g) 
in respect of any Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., any tax, assessment 
or other governmental charge imposed by reason of (i) such Holder's past or present 
status as the actual or constructive owner of ten per cent. or more of the total combined 
voting power of all classes of stock of such Issuer that is entitled to vote, (ii) such Holder 
being a bank receiving interest described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) such 
Holder being a controlled foreign corporation that is treated as a "related person" (within 
the meaning of the Code) with respect to the Issuer, or (iv) such Holder being within a 
foreign country for which the United States Secretary of the Treasury has made a 
determination under Section 871(h)(6) of the Code or Section 881 (c) (6) of the Code 
that payments to any person within such foreign country (or payments addressed to, or 
for the account of, persons within such foreign country) shall not constitute portfolio 
interest under either Section 871(h) or Section 881(c) of the Code; 
(h) 
in respect of any Securities, any tax, assessment, or other governmental charge payable 
by a Holder, or by a third party on behalf of a Holder, who is liable for such taxes, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of any Security by reason of the Holder 
or the third party's having some connection with the Relevant Jurisdiction other than the 
mere holding of the Security; 
(i) 
any tax required to be withheld or deducted from a payment where such withholding or 
deduction is made pursuant to laws enacted by Switzerland providing for the taxation of 
payments according to principles similar to those laid down in the draft legislation 
proposed by the Swiss Federal Council on 3 April 2020 or otherwise changing the Swiss 
federal withholding tax system from an issuer-based system to a paying-agent-based 
system; 
(j) 
any tax assessment, or other governmental charge payable by way of withholding or 
deduction by a Holder, or by a third party on behalf of a Holder, who could lawfully 
avoid (but has not so avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying or procuring 
that any third party complies with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring 
that any third party makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for

--- Page 293 ---
General Conditions 
 
287 
 
exemption to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Security (or the registered 
certificate representing it) is presented for payment; 
(k) 
any Security presented for payment by or on behalf of a Holder who would be able to 
avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Security to another 
Paying Agent in a member state of the European Union or the United Kingdom;  
(l) 
in the case of German Securities, any taxes, duties, or other governmental charges 
payable by any person acting as a custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of a 
Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or withholding 
by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) from payments of principal or interest made 
by it;  
(m) 
any withholding or deduction imposed in connection with FATCA on payments to a 
Holder, beneficial owner, or any agent having custody or control over a payment made 
by the Issuer, Guarantor or any agent in the chain of payment;  
(n) 
any withholding or deduction imposed under Section 871(m) of the Code, if, in the 
reasonable judgment of the Issuer, withholding would not have been imposed but for the 
Holder or beneficial owner (or a related party thereof) engaging in one or more 
transactions (other than the mere purchase of the Security) whether or not in connection 
with the acquisition, holding or disposition of the Security that establishes the 
withholding obligation; 
(o) 
any deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future tax, assessment 
or other governmental charge where it is imposed by or within a jurisdiction other than 
a Relevant Jurisdiction; 
(p) 
any deduction or withholding for or on account of any tax, assessment or other 
governmental charge imposed by or within a Relevant Source Jurisdiction to the extent 
the deduction or withholding arises as a result of a Relevant Change of Law, save where 
such deduction or withholding arises through any present or former connection of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor to the Relevant Source Jurisdiction; or 
(q) 
any combination of the above (as applicable), 
nor shall Additional Amounts be paid with respect to a payment of principal or interest on any 
Security to a Holder that is not the beneficial owner of such Security to the extent that the 
beneficial owner thereof would not have been entitled to the payment of such Additional 
Amounts had such beneficial owner been the Holder of such Security. 
20.3 
Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation – FATCA  
The relevant Issuer may, at its option, redeem or terminate (as applicable) some or all of the 
Securities (on giving not less than seven or more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to Holders 
(such notice period, the "Tax Termination Event Notice Period") (or, such other notice period 
specified as the "Tax Termination Event Notice Period" in the relevant Issue Terms)) in the 
event that the Issuer determines that: 
(a) 
it has, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, become subject to withholding 
imposed on a payment made to it on account of the Issuer's inability to comply with the 
reporting requirements imposed by FATCA, provided that (1) such inability to comply 
with the reporting requirements is attributable to non-compliance by any Holder of such 
Securities (or a withholding agent (if any) in the chain of custody of payments made to 
the Holders) with the Issuer's requests for certifications, beneficial ownership 
information or identifying information and (2) compliance with the reporting 
requirements would (or there is a substantial likelihood that it would) preclude such 
withholding; 
(b) 
there is a substantial likelihood that it will otherwise violate any requirement of, or an 
agreement entered into with a taxing authority with respect to, FATCA; or

--- Page 294 ---
General Conditions 
 
288 
 
(c) 
there is a substantial likelihood that the Securities will be treated, for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, as being in bearer form, 
each such event, a "Tax Termination Event".  
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Termination Event described in paragraphs (a) or (b), Securities 
held by compliant Holders, in addition to those held by non-compliant Holders, may be 
redeemed or terminated. Upon a Tax Termination Event described in paragraph (c), all of the 
Securities of such Series will be redeemed or terminated.  
In the event of an early redemption or termination of the Securities following a Tax Termination 
Event, the Issuer will cause to be paid to each such Holder in respect of each such Security held 
by it the Early Payment Amount. 
20.4 
Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation – Additional Amounts/Underlying Hedge 
Transactions 
The Securities may be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days' 
notice to the Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Payment Amount, where: 
(a) 
the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) has or will (or there is a substantial 
likelihood that it will) become obliged to pay any Additional Amounts as provided or 
referred to in General Condition 20.1 (Obligation to pay Additional Amounts); or 
(b) 
if "Early Redemption for Tax on Underlying Hedge Transactions" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an Underlying Hedge Entity has incurred or will 
(or there is a substantial likelihood that it will) incur a materially increased cost with 
respect to taxes (including, without limitation, grossing-up payments or receiving 
payments net of withholding) in performing its obligations in relation to the Underlying 
Hedge Transactions (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position with respect to an 
Underlying Hedge Tax Jurisdiction),  
in each case (x) as a result of (I) any action taken by a Relevant Jurisdiction or an Underlying 
Hedge Tax Jurisdiction (as applicable) or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax or brought in a court of competent jurisdiction on or after the Issue 
Date; or (II) the proposal, adoption, finalisation or expiration of any laws, regulations, or 
administrative guidance (including due to the mere passage of time) of a Relevant Jurisdiction 
or an Underlying Hedge Tax Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or any change in, or amendment to (or proposed change or 
amendment to), proposed or final laws, regulations, or administrative guidance, or any change 
in the application or official interpretation of proposed or final laws, regulations or 
administrative guidance (including by inaction, such as the failure to finalise proposed 
regulations or administrative guidance, or due to the mere passage of time), which proposal, 
adoption, finalisation, expiration, change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue 
Date or with respect to payments made on or after the Issue Date; and (y) such obligation or 
cost with respect to taxes cannot be avoided by the Issuer, Guarantor or Underlying Hedge 
Entity (as applicable) taking reasonable measures available to it (as determined by the Issuer or 
the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent on their behalf), 
PROVIDED THAT the Securities may be redeemed by giving less than 30 calendar days' or 
more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable) if 
compliance with the 30 calendar day minimum or 60 calendar day maximum notice period 
would (or there is a substantial likelihood that compliance would) cause the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as applicable) to become obligated to pay Additional Amounts (or an increased 
amount of Additional Amounts) or cause an Underlying Hedge Entity to incur a materially 
increased tax cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Securities.  
Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this General Condition 20.4, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Relevant Programme Agent a certificate duly signed by the Issuer

--- Page 295 ---
General Conditions 
 
289 
 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and 
an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer (or 
the Guarantor, as the case may be) has or will (or there is a substantial likelihood that it will) 
become obliged to pay Additional Amounts or that an Underlying Hedge Entity has incurred or 
will (or there is a substantial likelihood that it will) incur a materially increased cost with respect 
to taxes in performing its obligations in relation to the Underlying Hedge Transactions, in each 
case as a result of such action, proposal, adoption, finalisation, expiration, change, or 
amendment. 
For the purposes of this General Condition 20.4, the term "Relevant Jurisdiction" shall also 
include any jurisdiction that enters into an intergovernmental agreement with the United States 
in furtherance of FATCA. 
20.5 
U.S. Tax Forms 
Each Holder and beneficial owner of Securities that are issued by JPMSP shall, upon the written 
request of the applicable withholding agent, which may include the Issuer and/or any agent 
acting on behalf of the Issuer or any intermediary through which the Securities are held, 
promptly supply to the applicable withholding agent, a properly completed IRS Form W-9, IRS 
Form W-8 or other documentation as reasonably requested by the applicable withholding agent. 
21 
Disruption Event 
If "Reference Asset Linked Conditions" is specified as "Not Applicable" and "Disruption Event" 
is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Issue Terms in relation to any Series of Securities 
and the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption Event has occurred, then the Calculation 
Agent may, in its discretion: 
(a) 
make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the 
Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic 
effect on the Securities of such Disruption Event; and/or 
(b) 
determine and give notice to Holders that the Securities shall be redeemed on a date 
determined by the Calculation Agent, in which event the Issuer shall redeem the 
Securities and cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an 
amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (provided that, in respect of Securities for 
which the relevant Pricing Supplement specifies that Early Payment Amount 1, Early 
Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the 
words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted 
in respect of the Securities. 
"Disruption Event" means in relation to any Securities the occurrence of any of the following 
events (as applicable): 
 
if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Change in Law (Hedge); and 
 
if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Hedging Disruption. 
For such purpose, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
"Change in Law (Hedge)" means that, on or after the Issue Date of the Securities (a) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, 
any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines that (x) it 
has, or it will, within the next 15 calendar days but on or prior to the Maturity Date, Redemption 
Date or Settlement Date, as is applicable to the Securities, become illegal to hold, acquire or 
dispose of any asset in relation to the Underlying Hedge Transactions, or (y) the Underlying 
Hedge Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to 
the Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position).

--- Page 296 ---
General Conditions 
 
290 
 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Underlying Hedge Entity is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of 
the Issuer issuing and the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to or in connection with 
the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
In the event of any inconsistency between the applicable terms of (i) this General Condition 21 
and (ii) any of (where applicable) General Condition 17 (Extraordinary Hedge Disruption 
Event), General Condition 20.4 (Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation – Additional 
Amounts/Underlying Hedge Transactions) and/or the terms of any applicable Reference Asset 
Linked Conditions, the applicable terms of (ii) shall prevail over (i). 
22 
Collateral Provider failure to maintain Posted Collateral 
With respect to any Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms is "Margined Collateral" or "Static and Margined Collateral", the Issuer 
shall, within two Business Days following receipt of a CMA Initial Collateral Failure 
Notification (as defined in the Collateral Monitoring Agreement) from the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent (pursuant to Schedule 1 to the Collateral Monitoring Agreement), give notice 
(an "Initial Collateral Failure Notice") to the Holders of such Series (in accordance with General 
Condition 31 (Notices)) of its receipt of such CMA Initial Collateral Failure Notification 
(provided that it has not at such time received a Collateral Failure Cure Notification (as defined 
in the Collateral Monitoring Agreement) from the Collateral Monitoring Agent). 
Furthermore, the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following receipt of a CMA 
Final Collateral Failure Notification (as defined in the Collateral Monitoring Agreement) from 
the Collateral Monitoring Agent (pursuant to Schedule 1 to the Collateral Monitoring 
Agreement), give a further notice (a "Final Collateral Failure Notice") to the Holders (in 
accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices)) of its receipt of such CMA Final Collateral 
Failure Notification. 
23 
Right to Dispute Payment Amount  
23.1 
Payment Amount Dispute Notice  
With respect to any Series of Securities where the Type of Collateralisation specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms is "Margined Collateral", within 10 Business Days of payment by the 
Issuer to the Holder of the Optional Redemption Amount, Early Payment Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, final Instalment Amount, Residual Cash Amount, Redemption Amount, 
Settlement Amount or any other amount payable by the Issuer on a Security by way of a 
redemption in full of that Security (any such amount, the "Payment Amount") in respect of any 
Security (such period, the "Payment Amount Dispute Period"), the Security Trustee may, or 
shall, if directed to do so by such Holder, dispute the determination of such Payment Amount 
by the Calculation Agent (or any other determining person) by delivering a Payment Amount 
Dispute Notice to the Issuer, copying the Calculation Agent, the Principal Programme Agent, 
the Paying Agent and the Collateral Provider. 
23.2 
Margining Release Notice 
Following the commencement of a Payment Amount Dispute Period in accordance with General 
Condition 23.1 above, if there are any Due and Payable Margined Securities, as determined and 
notified in writing by the Principal Programme Agent to the Security Trustee (in accordance 
with, and subject to, clause 12.1 of the Agency Agreement), the Security Trustee shall, following 
receipt of such notice from the Principal Programme Agent:  
 
if the Security Trustee has delivered a Payment Amount Dispute Notice with respect 
to any Due and Payable Margined Securities within the Payment Amount Dispute 
Period in accordance with General Condition 23.1, upon the Issuer delivering to the 
Security Trustee a certificate in writing signed by two authorised signatories 
confirming that (I) such Due and Payable Margined Securities have been redeemed in 
full and (II) there is no longer a continuing dispute in relation to such Due and Payable

--- Page 297 ---
General Conditions 
 
291 
 
Margined Securities, together with sufficient evidence, as determined by the Issuer, 
with respect thereto; or  
 
if the Security Trustee has not delivered a Payment Amount Dispute Notice within the 
Payment Amount Dispute Period in accordance with General Condition 23.1, as soon 
as practicable following receipt of notice from the Principal Programme Agent 
confirming (I) that such Due and Payable Margined Securities have been redeemed in 
full and (II) the expiry of the Payment Amount Dispute Period,  
in each case, deliver a Margining Release Notice in respect of such Due and Payable Margined 
Securities to the Collateral Custodian (Lux) or the Collateral Custodian (UK), as applicable, 
copying the Issuer, the Principal Programme Agent, the Paying Agent and the Collateral 
Provider. 
With respect to sub-paragraph (i) above, the Security Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such 
certificate and related evidence without liability to any person and without further investigation 
and, notwithstanding any term to the contrary, will have no liability to any person for not 
delivering a Margining Release Notice if, in its view, it believes that such certificate, or the 
related evidence, may not be accurate. 
Upon expiry of the Payment Amount Dispute Period with respect to any Due and Payable 
Margined Securities, the Principal Programme Agent shall promptly notify the Security Trustee 
in writing (I) that such Due and Payable Margined Securities have been redeemed in full and 
(II) of the expiry of such Payment Amount Dispute Period, in accordance with, and subject to, 
clause 12.1 of the Agency Agreement. 
23.3 
Securities to remain outstanding until resolution of dispute 
For the purposes of this Condition 23 only, notwithstanding the payment by the Issuer of the 
Payment Amount in respect of each Security to the Holders or any term to the contrary, if a 
Payment Amount Dispute Notice has been delivered in accordance with Condition 23.1 above, 
the Series of Securities will be considered to remain outstanding for the purposes of maintaining 
records of who receives payments, notwithstanding that they have become redeemable in full, 
until the Security Trustee has confirmed in writing to the Collateral Custodian (Lux) or the 
Collateral Custodian (UK), as applicable, copying the Issuer, the Principal Programme Agent 
and the Paying Agent that there is no continuing dispute in relation thereto. 
23.4 
No additional interest 
For the avoidance of doubt, no additional interest shall accrue on the Securities as a result of the 
delivery of a Payment Amount Dispute Notice to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 23.1 
above. 
24 
Agents 
24.1 
Status of Agents 
The Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any 
obligations or duty to, or relationship of agency or trust for or with, any Holder.  
24.2 
Variation or termination of appointment of Agents 
The Issuer and the Guarantor, if applicable, reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agents and to appoint other or additional Agents, provided that at all times 
the following shall be maintained: 
(a) 
a Relevant Programme Agent; 
(b) 
a Registrar in respect of all Registered Securities; 
(c) 
a Transfer Agent in respect of all Registered Securities (other than French Registered 
Securities and Swiss Securities);

--- Page 298 ---
General Conditions 
 
292 
 
(d) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s) and Delivery Agent(s) where these General Conditions 
so require; 
(e) 
a Paying Agent having its specified office in Luxembourg so long as the Securities are 
admitted to the Official List and traded on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, and the applicable rules so require; 
(f) 
a French Programme Agent, so long as French Securities are (A) cleared through 
Euroclear France or (B) admitted to listing on a Regulated Market of Euronext Paris 
S.A., and the applicable rules so require;  
(g) 
a German Programme Agent, so long as any Securities cleared through Clearstream 
Frankfurt are outstanding; and 
(h) 
such other agents as may be required by any relevant authorities or any other stock 
exchange on which any Securities may be listed, and the applicable rules of such relevant 
authority or such other stock exchange so require. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which an Agent is merged 
or converted or with which it is consolidated as to which it transfers all or substantially all of its 
assets to become the successor agent. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Holders of the affected Securities in accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices). 
25 
Calculation Agent, Determination, Disclaimer of Liability and other terms 
25.1 
Status of Calculation Agent  
The Calculation Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and the Guarantor and does not assume 
any obligations or duty to, or relationship of agency or trust for or with, any Holder. In making 
any determination or exercising any discretion, the Calculation Agent is not obliged to (and 
shall not) consider the individual interests or circumstances of any particular Holder.  
25.2 
Standard of care for calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion 
All calculations and determinations and other exercises of discretion made by the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Conditions shall be made in (i) good faith and (ii) 
unless the Conditions specifically provide that the relevant calculation or determination or other 
exercise of discretion shall be made in the sole and absolute discretion (or another standard of 
care) of the relevant entity, a commercially reasonable manner and (where and to the extent that 
such calculation or determination or other exercise of discretion or outcome thereof is subject 
to a regulatory obligation of the relevant entity to ensure fair treatment) which takes into account 
whether fair treatment is achieved by any such calculation, determination or other exercise of 
discretion or outcome thereof in accordance with such applicable regulatory obligations.  
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions to the contrary, in the case of French Securities, 
any determination to be made by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor will be made 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions to the contrary, in the case of Italian 
Certificates, any determination to be made by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer will be made 
in good faith and in a reasonable manner.  
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions to the contrary, in the case of German 
Securities, any determination to be made by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer shall be made 
in their reasonable discretion (billigem Ermessen) pursuant to section 315 of the German Civil 
Code ("BGB").

--- Page 299 ---
General Conditions 
 
293 
 
25.3 
Disclaimer of liability 
No liability shall attach to the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, or the Guarantor for errors or 
omissions in respect of any calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion by such 
relevant entity under the Conditions provided that, it has acted in accordance with General 
Condition 25.2 (Standard of care for calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion).  
No liability shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor for any calculation or determination or 
other exercise of discretion made by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Securities.  
25.4 
Delegation 
The calculation functions and other discretionary actions (including, but not limited to duties to 
make determinations) required of the Calculation Agent may be delegated to any such person 
as the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, may decide. 
25.5 
Calculations and determinations all binding 
All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Securities 
shall be final and binding on the Issuer and Holders in the absence of manifest error. 
25.6 
Two or more Calculation Agents 
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Securities, references in 
these General Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions of the Securities.  
25.7 
Replacement of Calculation Agent 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish 
any rate or any amount, whether in cash or in kind, specified in the relevant Payout Conditions, 
to make any other required determination or to comply with any of its other obligations, the 
Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market 
(or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting 
through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act 
as such in its place provided that if an Event of Default specified in General Condition 15.1(c) 
or (d) (as applicable) has occurred with respect to the Issuer, the Holders may appoint such a 
replacement in accordance with General Condition 28.1(c)(i) (Majority Consent) in respect of 
Securities other than French Securities and German Securities, General Condition 28.1(d) 
(Modification of French Securities) in respect of French Securities and General Condition 
28.1(e) (Modification of German Securities with Holder consent) in respect of German 
Securities. 
26 
European Monetary Union 
26.1 
Redenomination of Notes 
Where "Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning Provisions" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders on 
giving prior notice to the Relevant Programme Agent, any Relevant Clearing System and at 
least 30 days' prior notice to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices), 
elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Notes shall be 
redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(a) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the denomination of euro 0.01 
with a nominal amount for each Note equal to the nominal amount of that Note in the 
Specified Currency, converted into euro at the Established Rate, provided that, if the 
Issuer determines that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination in euro 
of internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified above, such

--- Page 300 ---
General Conditions 
 
294 
 
provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the Holders, the stock exchange (if any) on which the 
Notes may be listed and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(b) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph 
(d), the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference to 
the aggregate nominal amount of Notes presented for payment by the relevant Holder 
and the amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(c) 
if Notes in definitive form are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they 
shall be issued at the expense of the Issuer (i) in the case of Relevant Notes, in the 
denomination of euro 50,000 and/or such higher amounts as the Relevant Programme 
Agent may determine and notify to the Holders and any remaining amounts less than 
euro 50,000 shall be redeemed by the Issuer and paid to the Holders in euro in accordance 
with General Condition 6 (Payments) and (ii) in the case of Notes which are not Relevant 
Notes, in the denominations of euro 1,000, euro 10,000, euro 100,000 and (but only to 
the extent of any remaining amounts less than euro 1,000 or such smaller denominations 
as the Relevant Programme Agent may approve) euro 0.01 and such other denominations 
as the Relevant Programme Agent shall determine and notify to the Holders; 
(d) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, the payment obligations of all Notes will 
become void with effect from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange 
Notice") that replacement euro-denominated Notes are available for exchange (provided 
that such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them, 
although those Notes will continue to constitute valid exchange obligations of the Issuer. 
New euro-denominated Notes will be issued in exchange for Notes denominated in the 
Specified Currency in such manner as the Relevant Programme Agent may specify and 
as shall be notified to the Holders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be 
given less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the Notes;  
(e) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes other than payments 
of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, will be 
made solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the Specified Currency were to 
euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(f) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an 
Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated: 
 
in the case of the Notes represented by a Global Note, by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by 
such Global Note; and 
 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Specified Denomination, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention; and 
(g) 
such other changes shall be made to this General Condition 26.1 as the Issuer may decide, 
after consultation with the Relevant Programme Agent, and as may be specified in the 
notice, to conform it to conventions applicable to instruments denominated in euro. 
26.2 
Adjustments to Warrants or Certificates for European Monetary Union 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, on giving notice to the Holders in 
accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices):

--- Page 301 ---
General Conditions 
 
295 
 
(a) 
elect that, with effect from the Adjustment Date specified in the notice, certain terms of 
the Warrants or, as the case may be, the Certificates shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
 
where the Specified Currency of the Warrants or, as the case may be, Certificates 
is the National Currency Unit of a country which is participating in the third stage 
of European Economic and Monetary Union, such Specified Currency shall be 
deemed to be an amount of euro converted from the original Specified Currency 
into euro at the Established Rate, subject to such provisions (if any) as to rounding 
as the Calculation Agent may decide and as may be specified in the notice, and 
after the Adjustment Date, all payments of the Settlement Amount in respect of 
the Warrants or the Redemption Amount in respect of Certificates, as the case 
may be, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Warrants or 
Certificates, as the case may be, to the Specified Currency were to euro; and 
 
such other changes shall be made to these General Conditions as the Issuer may 
decide, in its reasonable commercial discretion to conform them to conventions 
then applicable to instruments expressed in euro; and/or 
(b) 
require that the Calculation Agent make such adjustments to the exercise, settlement, 
payment and/or any other terms of these General Conditions as the Calculation Agent, 
in its reasonable commercial discretion, may determine to be appropriate to preserve the 
economic terms of the Warrants or, as the case may be, Certificates following 
implementation of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Issuer, any of its affiliates or agents, the Calculation 
Agent nor any Relevant Programme Agent shall be liable to any Holder or other person for any 
commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the transfer of euro or 
any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
27 
Rounding 
27.1 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified in any applicable Payout Condition or Reference Asset Linked 
Condition): 
(a) 
all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), 
unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Percentages – Default Rounding" to be not 
applicable, in which case, all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest Specified Fraction of a percentage point (with halves 
being rounded up); 
(b) 
(subject to (c) below) all figures shall be rounded to the nearest seventh decimal place 
(with halves being rounded up), unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Figures – 
Default Rounding" to be not applicable, in which case, all figures shall be rounded to the 
nearest Specified Decimal Place (with halves being rounded up); and 
(c) 
all currency amounts (other than yen) that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the 
nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), unless the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Currency amounts due and payable – Default Rounding" to be not 
applicable, in which case, all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded 
to the nearest Specified Unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up). Yen 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded down to the nearest yen, 
unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Yen currency amounts due and payable – 
Default Rounding" to be not applicable, in which case, all yen currency amounts that fall 
due and payable shall be rounded down to the nearest Specified Unit of yen specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and in the case 
of euro means euro 0.01,

--- Page 302 ---
General Conditions 
 
296 
 
or, in any other case, in relation to any relevant percentage, amount or figure which is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms to be rounded to a Specified Fraction of a percentage point, Specified 
Unit of currency or Specified Decimal Place, as applicable, such percentage, amount or figure 
shall be rounded to such nearest Specified Fraction of a percentage point, nearest Specified Unit 
of currency or nearest Specified Decimal Place, in each case, with halves being rounded up. 
27.2 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions or the Agency Agreement, in respect 
of each Security which is not in definitive form (and save where a Fixed Coupon Amount or 
other specific amounts is expressed to be payable in respect of a Calculation Amount or Notional 
Amount or number of Securities (as applicable)), the entitlement to and calculation of each 
amount payable in cash in respect of such Security shall be based on the aggregate nominal 
amount or aggregate notional amount (as applicable) of all Securities of that Series outstanding 
on such date (or the relevant affected portion thereof (and not the Calculation Amount or 
Notional Amount (as applicable))), rounded in accordance with the method provided in General 
Condition 27.1 above and distributed in accordance with the Relevant Rules. 
28 
Meeting of Holders and Modifications 
28.1 
Modifications and Waivers 
(a) 
Modification without Holder consent (Securities other than French Securities and 
German Securities) 
The Issuer may from time to time modify and amend the Securities (other than French 
Securities and German Securities) (including the Conditions) or the Agency Agreement 
in each case without the consent of the Holders in accordance with, respectively, this 
General Condition 28.1(a) or the Agency Agreement, in such manner as the Issuer deems 
necessary or desirable, if the modification or amendment: 
 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or 
 
is made to cure a manifest or proven error; or 
 
is made to cure any ambiguity, or is made to correct or supplement any defective 
provisions of the Securities or the Agency Agreement (as applicable); or 
 
is made to correct an error or omission such that, in the absence of such correction, 
the terms of the Securities would not otherwise represent the intended terms of 
the Securities on which the Securities were sold and have since traded; or 
 
will not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Holders of the 
Securities in respect of the Securities. 
Any such modification or amendment shall take effect in accordance with its terms and 
be binding on the Holders and shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with General 
Condition 31 (Notices) as soon as practicable (but failure to give such notice, or non-
receipt thereof, shall not affect the validity of such modification or amendment). 
(b) 
Modification of German Securities without Holder consent 
 
The Issuer may in its reasonable discretion, without the consent of the Holders, 
correct any manifest clerical or calculation errors or similar manifest 
incorrectness in the Conditions. A clerical or calculation error or similar 
incorrectness shall be deemed manifest if a Holder who is well-informed in the 
relevant type of Securities is able to perceive such error, especially when taking 
into account the Issue Price and the further factors that determine the value of the 
Securities. Any corrections within the meaning of this paragraph (i) shall be 
effective and binding upon notification to the Holders in accordance with General 
Condition 31 (Notices). 
 
In addition, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, amend or 
supplement in its reasonable discretion (billigem Ermessen, Section 315 BGB)

--- Page 303 ---
General Conditions 
 
297 
 
any contradictory or incomplete provisions of the Conditions, provided that only 
amendments and supplements which are reasonably acceptable to the Holder 
having regard to its interests shall be permitted, i.e. those which do not materially 
prejudice the interests of the Holders or which, when read together with the other 
information included in the Base Prospectus dated 18 July 2024 (as supplemented 
from time to time) and the relevant Issue Terms, are manifest within the meaning 
of paragraph (i). Any corrections within the meaning of this paragraph (ii) shall 
be effective and binding upon notification to the Holders in accordance with 
General Condition 31 (Notices). 
 
In the event of a correction pursuant to paragraph (i) or an amendment or 
supplement pursuant to paragraph (ii), that adversely affects the Holder, such 
Holder may terminate its Securities with immediate effect by written termination 
notice to the Relevant Programme Agent at any time during the period of six 
weeks following notification of such correction, amendment or supplement. In 
the notice pursuant to paragraph (i) or paragraph (ii), as applicable, the Issuer 
shall advise the Holder of its potential termination right at the Early Payment 
Amount. The termination by the Holder requires the following to be effective: the 
receipt of a termination notice bearing a legally binding signature and (A) the 
transfer of the Securities to the account of the Relevant Programme Agent or (B) 
the irrevocable instruction to the Relevant Programme Agent to withdraw the 
Securities from a securities account maintained with the Relevant Programme 
Agent (by transfer posting or assignment), in each case within such six-week 
period. The termination notice must contain the following information: (A) the 
name of the Holder, (B) the designation and number of the Securities terminated, 
and (C) a specification of the bank account to which the Early Payment Amount 
shall be credited. The termination date for the purposes of this paragraph (iii) shall 
be the day on which the termination notice or the Securities is/are received by the 
Relevant Programme Agent, whichever occurs later. 
 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (i) and (ii), the Issuer may call the Securities for 
redemption in whole, but not in part, by giving notice in accordance with General 
Condition 31 (Notices) if the conditions for avoidance pursuant to Section 119 et 
seq. BGB are fulfilled in relation to the Holders. The termination date for the 
purposes of this paragraph (iv) shall be the day on which the notice is given. 
Notice of termination must be given immediately after the Issuer has gained 
knowledge of the reason for termination. 
 
If an effective termination pursuant to paragraphs (iii) or (iv) has been made, the 
Issuer will pay the Early Payment Amount per Security to the Holders. The Issuer 
shall transfer the Early Payment Amount to the Relevant Clearing System for the 
credit of the account of the relevant holder in the Relevant Clearing System or, in 
case of termination by the Holder, to the account specified in the termination 
notice. The provisions of General Condition 12.2 (Payments on Payment Days) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis. Upon payment of the Early Payment Amount, all 
rights arising from the surrendered Securities shall be extinguished. The 
foregoing shall not affect any rights of the Holder to claim damages (Ersatz eines 
Vertrauensschadens) pursuant to Section 122 para. 1 BGB unless such claims are 
excluded due to knowledge or negligent lack of knowledge of the reason of 
termination on the part of the Holder pursuant to Section 122 para. 2 BGB. 
 
The provisions of the BGB on the interpretation (Auslegung) and avoidance 
(Anfechtung) of declarations of intent shall remain unaffected. This General 
Condition 28.1(b) shall be without prejudice to any avoidance rights which a 
Holder may have under general provisions of law. 
(c) 
Modification and waiver with Holder consent (Securities other than French Securities 
and German Securities) 
This General Condition 28.1(c) shall not apply to French Securities and German 
Securities.

--- Page 304 ---
General Conditions 
 
298 
 
 
Majority Consent: Subject as provided in paragraph (ii) below (and in each case 
subject to the consent of the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable)), in order to 
modify and amend the Agency Agreement and the Securities (including the 
General Conditions), or to waive past Issuer defaults, a resolution in writing 
signed by the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the 
Securities at the time outstanding or Holders of a majority in number, or of such 
lesser percentage as may attend and vote at a meeting of Holders of the Securities 
held in accordance with the Agency Agreement shall be required.  
 
Consent by Extraordinary Resolution: Any modification which will: 
(A) 
extend the stated maturity of the principal of or any instalment of interest 
on any such Security or extend the date for expiration, settlement or 
payment of any coupon in relation to such Security; 
(B) 
reduce the principal amount, redemption price of, or settlement price of, 
or interest on (as applicable), any such Security; 
(C) 
change the obligation of the Issuer to pay Additional Amounts;  
(D) 
change the currency of payment of such Security or interest thereon; 
(E) 
impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment 
on or with respect to any such Security; 
(F) 
reduce the percentage in aggregate principal amount of Securities 
outstanding necessary to modify or amend the Agency Agreement, or to 
waive any past default;  
(G) 
reduce the voting or quorum requirements or the percentage of aggregate 
principal amount, redemption price or settlement price of Securities 
outstanding (in the case of Notes) or number outstanding held (in the case 
of Warrants or Certificates) required to take any other action authorised to 
be taken by the Holders of a specified principal amount (in the case of 
Notes) or number outstanding held (in the case of Warrants or Certificates) 
of Securities; or 
(H) 
 to amend or waive any term of the Security Deed, 
may only be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. A resolution in 
writing signed or electronically approved using the systems and procedures in 
place from time to time of a Relevant Clearing System by or on behalf of 75 per 
cent. or more of Holders of Securities, by reference to the aggregate principal 
amount at the time outstanding (in the case of Notes) or the number of Securities 
outstanding (in the case of Warrants and Certificates), who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting shall for all purposes be as valid and 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of the Holders of the 
Securities. Such resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in 
several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the 
relevant Holders of Securities or may be in the form of SWIFT or other electronic 
instructions as permitted by the rules and procedures of the Relevant Clearing 
System, and in each case the date of such resolution shall be the date that such 75 
per cent. majority is reached. 
(d) 
Modification of French Securities 
The Issuer may from time to time amend the Conditions of any French Notes in 
accordance with General Condition 28.3 (Meetings of Holders of French Notes (Masse)) 
and of French Securities other than French Notes in accordance with General Condition 
28.4 (Meeting of Holders of French Securities (other than French Notes which are 
obligations under French law and for which "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse" is 
applicable)).

--- Page 305 ---
General Conditions 
 
299 
 
In respect of French Notes which have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 
(or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or which can be traded in 
amounts of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the 
Issue Date), the Issuer may modify the Conditions of the Securities without the consent 
of the Holders to correct a manifest error. 
(e) 
Modification of German Securities with Holder consent 
 
In accordance with the German Bond Act of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
– "SchVG") and the provisions set out in Appendix 1 (Provisions regarding 
Resolutions of Holders of German Securities) to the General Conditions, the 
Holders may agree, by resolution with the majority specified in paragraph (ii), 
with the Issuer on amendments of the Conditions with regard to matters permitted 
by the SchVG. Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. Resolutions 
which do not provide for identical conditions for all Holders shall be void, unless 
Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. 
 
Resolutions relating to material amendments to the Conditions, in particular 
consents to the measures set out in Section 5 paragraph 3, no. 1 to 9 of the SchVG, 
shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast. 
Resolutions relating to amendments of the Conditions which are not material, 
require a simple majority of the votes cast. Each Holder participating in any vote 
shall cast votes in accordance with the nominal amount or the notional share of 
its entitlement to the outstanding Securities. 
 
All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without a meeting (Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung) in accordance with Section 18 of the SchVG. A meeting of 
Holders and the assumption of the fees by the Issuer for such a meeting will only 
take place in the circumstances of Section 18 paragraph 4 sentence 2 of the 
SchVG. 
 
The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Joint 
Representative (as defined below) has convened the vote, by the Joint 
Representative. 
 
If no Joint Representative is designated in the relevant Issue Terms, the Holders 
may by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the "Joint 
Representative") to exercise the rights of the Holders on behalf of each Holder. 
In all other cases, the common representative of the Holders shall be the Joint 
Representative appointed as such in the relevant Issue Terms. The liability of the 
Joint Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual 
remuneration, unless the Joint Representative has acted wilfully or with gross 
negligence. 
The Joint Representative shall have the duties and powers conveyed by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Joint Representative shall 
comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Joint 
Representative has been authorised to assert rights of Holders, the Holders shall 
not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in 
the relevant majority resolution. The Joint Representative shall provide reports to 
the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to 
the removal and the other rights and obligations of the Joint Representative. 
 
In the case of Securities issued by JPMSP, the provisions set out above applicable 
to the Securities shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Guarantee of JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A.

--- Page 306 ---
General Conditions 
 
300 
 
28.2 
Meetings of Holders (other than Holders of French Securities and German Securities) 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Holders to consider 
matters affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of any of these General Conditions or any provisions of the Agency Agreement, 
as applicable. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer (either at its own instigation or at 
the request of Holders holding at least ten per cent. in aggregate principal amount (in the case 
of Notes) or number held (in the case of Warrants or Certificates) of Securities outstanding). At 
a meeting of the Holders of the Securities for the purpose of approving a modification or 
amendment to, or obtaining a waiver of, any covenant, Condition, Reference Asset Linked 
Condition or the Agency Agreement, the Holders of a clear majority in aggregate principal 
amount (in the case of Notes) or number held (in the case of Warrants or Certificates) at the 
time outstanding shall constitute a quorum. In the absence of a quorum at any such meeting, 
then within 30 minutes of the time appointed for such meeting, the meeting may be adjourned 
for a period of not less than ten days; in the absence of a quorum at any such adjourned meeting, 
such adjourned meeting may be further adjourned for a period of not less than ten days; at the 
reconvening of any meeting further adjourned for lack of a quorum, the persons entitled to 25 
per cent. in aggregate principal amount (in the case of Notes) or number held (in the case of 
Warrants or Certificates) of the Securities at the time outstanding shall constitute a quorum for 
the taking of any action set forth in the notice of the original meeting. At a meeting or an 
adjourned meeting duly convened and at which a quorum is present as aforesaid, any resolution 
to modify or amend the Conditions or any provisions of the Agency Agreement (other than those 
items specified in General Condition 28.1(c)(ii)(A) to 28.1(c)(ii)(H)), or to waive compliance 
with, any of the Conditions shall be effectively passed if passed by the persons entitled to the 
lesser of (i) a clear majority in aggregate principal amount (in the case of Notes) or number held 
(in the case of Warrants or Certificates) of the Securities then outstanding or (ii) 75 per cent. in 
aggregate principal amount (in the case of Notes) or number held (in the case of Warrants or 
Certificates) of the Securities represented and voting at the meeting. 
28.3 
Meetings of Holders of French Notes (Masse) 
(a) 
No Masse 
In respect of (i) issues of French Notes which are not "obligations" under French law, 
(ii) issues of French Notes which constitute "obligations" within the meaning of Article 
L.213-5 of the French Code monétaire et financier with a Specified Denomination of at 
least EUR 100,000 (or for which the minimum purchase amount per investor and per 
transaction is at least EUR 100,000) (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the 
Issue Date), or (iii) issues of French Notes which constitute "obligations" within the 
meaning of Article L.213-5 of the French Code monétaire et financier outside France 
("à l'étranger"), if the Issue Terms specify "No Masse/Not Applicable" with respect to 
"Representation of Holders of Notes / Masse", the Holders will not, in respect of all 
Tranches in any Series, be grouped for the defence of their common interests in a Masse 
and the provisions of General Condition 28.4 shall apply instead of this General 
Condition 28.3. 
(b) 
Full Masse 
In respect of French domestic issues of French Notes which constitute "obligations" 
within the meaning of Article L.213-5 of the French Code monétaire et financier with a 
Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or for which the minimum purchase 
amount per investor and per transaction is less than EUR 100,000) (or its equivalent in 
the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), the Issue Terms shall specify "Full Masse" 
with respect to "Representation of Holders of Notes / Masse". "Full Masse" may also be 
specified in respect of French Notes which constitute "obligations" within the meaning 
of Article L.213-5 of the French Code monétaire et financier with a Specified 
Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of 
the Issue Date) or for which the minimum purchase amount per investor and per 
transaction is at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the 
Issue Date), or which are issued outside France ("à l'étranger"). If the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Full Masse" with respect to "Representation of Holders of Notes /

--- Page 307 ---
General Conditions 
 
301 
 
Masse", the provisions of this General Condition 28.3 shall apply with respect to the full 
provisions of French Code de commerce relating to the Masse. In this case, the Holders 
will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their common interests in a Masse in accordance with the full provisions of the French 
Code de commerce relating to the Masse, as completed by, and subject to the provisions 
below. 
(c) 
Contractual Masse 
In respect of (i) issues of French Notes which are not "obligations" under French law, 
(ii) issues of French Notes which constitute "obligations" within the meaning of Article 
L.213-5 of the French Code monétaire et financier with a Specified Denomination of at 
least EUR 100,000 (or for which the minimum purchase amount per investor and per 
transaction is at least EUR 100,000) (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the 
Issue Date), or (iii) issues of French Notes which constitute "obligations" within the 
meaning of Article L.213-5 of the French Code monétaire et financier outside France 
("à l'étranger"), if the Issue Terms specify "Contractual Masse" with respect to 
"Representation of Holders of Notes / Masse", Holders of French Notes will, in respect 
of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common 
interests in a Masse in accordance with this General Condition 28.3. The Masse will be 
governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse (with 
the exception of the provisions of Articles L. 228-48, L. 228-59, R. 228-63, R. 228-67, 
and R. 228-69 thereof) as summarised and supplemented by the conditions set forth 
below. 
(d) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through a general meeting of the Holders (the "General 
Meeting"). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Holders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with 
respect to the French Notes. 
(e) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will 
be set out in the relevant Issue Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the 
first Tranche of any Series of French Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse 
of all Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the relevant Issue Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement or revocation of appointment of the Representative, such 
Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of death, 
retirement or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, a further 
alternate will be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of 
the Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and 
the specified offices of any of the Relevant Programme Agents. 
(f) 
General Meeting 
As further set out in General Condition 28.3(g) (Convening of the General Meeting), a 
General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation by, in particular, the Issuer or 
the Representative. One or more Holders of French Notes, holding together at least one-
thirtieth of the principal amount of the French Notes outstanding, may address to the 
Issuer and the Representative a demand for convocation of the General Meeting.

--- Page 308 ---
General Conditions 
 
302 
 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Holder of French Notes to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the 
entries in the books of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder of the name of such 
Holders of French Notes, at 0:00, Paris time, on the second business day in Paris 
preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
Each Holder of French Notes has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, 
by proxy, by correspondence, by videoconference or by any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of the participating Holders of French 
Notes.  
Each French Note carries the right to one vote, in the case of French Notes issued with 
more than one Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest 
Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified 
Denomination of such French Note. 
(g) 
Convening of the General Meeting 
The General Meeting shall be convened in accordance with Article L. 228-58 et seq. of 
the French Code de commerce, i.e. (without prejudice to any law change subsequent to 
the date of the Agency Agreement) by the relevant representative of the Issuer, by the 
Representative of the Masse or by the liquidators or natural or physical persons 
performing equivalent functions during any possible winding-up or equivalent 
insolvency period.  
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as 
provided under General Condition 31.4 (Notices to Holders of French Securities) and 
not less than 15 days prior to the General Meeting on first convocation and, five days on 
second convocation. 
One or more Holder of French Notes, together holding at least one-thirtieth of the French 
Notes of the General Meeting, may submit to the Issuer and to the Representative of the 
Masse a request for a meeting to be convened. In the latter case, if the Issuer or the 
relevant Representative does not convene the Masse within two months (or within such 
longer or shorter period of time as may be specified from time by décret en Conseil d'Etat 
or otherwise), the Holder of French Notes requesting the convening of the meeting may 
bring legal proceedings for the appointment of a representative who shall convene the 
meeting. 
(h) 
Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting is empowered to deliberate on the dismissal and replacement of 
the Representative and the alternate Representative and also may act with respect to any 
other matter that relates to the common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the 
future may accrue with respect to the French Notes, including authorising the 
Representative to act at law as plaintiff or defendant. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification 
of the Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating 
to rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, 
however, that the General Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) of the 
Holders of French Notes, nor establish any unequal treatment between the Holders of 
French Notes, nor decide to convert French Notes into shares, except in accordance with 
Article L. 228-106 of the French Code de commerce. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Holders of French 
Notes present or represented hold at least a fifth of the principal amount of the French 
Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions 
at meetings shall be taken by a two-third majority of votes cast by Holders of French 
Notes attending such General Meetings or represented thereat.

--- Page 309 ---
General Conditions 
 
303 
 
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in General Condition 31.4 (Notices to Holders of French Securities). 
(i) 
Written Decision and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer shall be 
entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a decision from the 
Holders by way of a written decision (the "Written Decision"). Such Written Decision 
shall be signed by or on behalf of Holders holding not less than two-thirds of the French 
Notes without having to comply with formalities and time limit set out for the General 
Meetings. Subject to the following sentence, a Written Decision may be contained in one 
document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more of the Holders. Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, 
approval of a Written Decision may also be given by way of electronic communication 
("Electronic Consent"). Notice seeking the approval of a Written Decision (including 
by way of Electronic Consent) will be published as provided under General Condition 
31.4 (Notices to Holders of French Securities) not less than five days prior to the date 
fixed for the passing of such Written Decision (the "Written Decision Date"). Notices 
seeking the approval of a Written Decision will contain the conditions of form and time-
limits to be complied with by the Holders who wish to express their approval or rejection 
of such proposed Written Decision. Holders expressing their approval or rejection before 
the Written Decision Date will undertake not to dispose of their French Notes until after 
the Written Decision Date. 
(j) 
Effect of decisions made by a General Meeting or Written Decisions 
A decision passed at a General Meeting or a Written Decision (including by Electronic 
Consent), shall be binding on all Holders, whether or not present or represented at the 
General Meeting and whether or not, in the case of a Written Decision (including by 
Electronic Consent), they have participated in such Written Decision (including by 
Electronic Consent) and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the decision 
accordingly. 
(k) 
Information to Holders 
Each Holder or Representative thereof will have the right, (i) during the 15-day period 
preceding the holding of each General Meeting on first convocation, (ii) during the 5-
day period preceding the holding of the relevant General Meeting on second 
convocation, or (iii) in the case of a Written Decision, a period of not less than five days 
preceding the Written Decision Date, as the case may be, to consult or make a copy of 
the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will be 
presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the 
relevant Holders at the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of 
the Relevant Programme Agent during usual business hours and at any other place 
specified in the notice of the General Meeting or the Written Decision. 
Decisions of General Meeting and Written Decision, once approved, will be published 
in accordance with General Condition 31.4 (Notices to Holders of French Securities). 
(l) 
Expenses 
If "Contractual Masse" or "No Masse" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer 
will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses relating 
to the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking the approval of a Written 
Decision, and more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the General 
Meeting or in writing through Written Decision by the Holders, it being expressly 
stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the French 
Notes. 
If "Full Masse" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, Article L. 228-71 of the French 
Code de commerce shall apply.

--- Page 310 ---
General Conditions 
 
304 
 
(m) 
Single Masse 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse", the 
Holders of French Notes of the same Series, and the Holders of French Notes of any 
other Tranche which have been consolidated (assimilées) with the French Notes of such 
first mentioned Series in accordance with General Condition 30 (Further Issues), shall, 
for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The 
Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of French Notes 
will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Tranches in respect of the same 
Series. 
(n) 
Single Holder 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse", if and 
for so long as the French Notes of a given Series are held by a single Holder, the relevant 
Holders will exercise directly the powers delegated to the Representative and General 
Meetings of Holder under General Condition 28.3 (Meetings of Holders of French Notes 
(Masse)), as the case may be, whether or not a Representative has been appointed. For 
the avoidance of doubt, if a Representative has been appointed while the French Notes 
of a given Series are held by a single Holder, such Representative shall be devoid of 
powers. A Representative shall only be appointed if the French Notes of a Series are held 
by more than one Holder. 
28.4 
Meeting of Holders of French Securities (other than French Notes which are obligations 
under French law and for which "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse" is applicable) 
The Issuer may convene (either at its own instigation or at the request of Holders of French 
Warrants, French Certificates or French Notes (which are not obligations under French law or 
are obligations and for which "No Masse" is applicable) holding at least ten per cent. of the 
number of Warrants, Certificates or Notes (which are not obligations under French law or are 
obligations and for which "No Masse" is applicable) outstanding by giving notice to Holders 
of French Warrants, French Certificates or French Notes (which are not obligations under 
French law or are obligations and for which "No Masse" is applicable) in accordance with 
General Condition 31 (Notices)) of a meeting of Holders of French Warrants, French 
Certificates and French Notes (which are not obligations under French law or are obligations 
and for which "No Masse" is applicable) under French law for the purpose of approving a 
modification or amendment to, or obtaining a waiver of, any covenant, General Condition or 
Reference Asset Linked Condition. The Holders of a clear majority of the number of French 
Warrants, French Certificates or French Notes (which are not obligations under French law or 
are obligations and for which "No Masse" is applicable) held at the time outstanding shall 
constitute a quorum. In the absence of a quorum at any such meeting, within 30 minutes of the 
time appointed for such meeting, the meeting may be adjourned for a period of not less than ten 
days; in the absence of a quorum at any such adjourned meeting, such adjourned meeting may 
be further adjourned for a period of not less than ten days; at the reconvening of any meeting 
further adjourned for lack of a quorum, the persons entitled to hold 25 per cent. of the number 
of French Warrants, French Certificates or French Notes (which are not obligations under 
French law or are obligations and for which "No Masse" is applicable) outstanding shall 
constitute a quorum for the taking of any action set forth in the notice of the original meeting. 
At a meeting or an adjourned meeting duly convened and at which a quorum is present as 
aforesaid, any resolution to modify or amend the Conditions, or to waive compliance with, any 
of the Conditions shall be effectively passed if passed by the persons entitled to the lesser of (i) 
a clear majority of the number of French Warrants, French Certificates or French Notes (which 
are not obligations under French law or are obligations and for which "No Masse" is applicable) 
then outstanding or (ii) 75 per cent. of the number of French Warrants, French Certificates or 
French Notes (which are not obligations under French law or are obligations and for which "No 
Masse" is applicable) represented and voting at the meeting. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Holders of French Warrants, 
French Certificates or French Notes (which are not obligations under French law or are 
obligations and for which "No Masse" is applicable) who are for the time being entitled to 
receive notice of a meeting of Holders of French Warrants, French Certificates or French Notes

--- Page 311 ---
General Conditions 
 
305 
 
(which are not obligations under French law or are obligations and for which "No Masse" is 
applicable) will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing 
may be contained in one document or in several documents in the same form, each signed by or 
on behalf of one or more Holders of French Warrants, French Certificates or French Notes 
(which are not obligations under French law or are obligations and for which "No Masse" is 
applicable). 
29 
Purchase and Cancellation 
29.1 
Purchase 
The Issuer, the Guarantor in respect of Securities issued by JPMSP, and any of their subsidiaries 
or affiliates may at any time purchase Securities. Purchases may be made at any price in the 
open market or by tender or private treaty. Any Securities so purchased may be held or resold 
or surrendered for cancellation. 
29.2 
Cancellation 
The obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) in respect of Securities 
surrendered for cancellation shall be discharged following redemption and cancellation of the 
Securities by the Issuer (together, in the case of Registered Securities in definitive form, by 
surrendering the registered certificate representing such Securities to the Registrar). French 
Securities shall be cancelled by being transferred to an account in accordance with the rules of 
procedures of Euroclear France.  
30 
Further Issues 
The relevant Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Holders create and issue 
further securities of any Series or Tranche, having the same terms and conditions as the relevant 
Securities (with the exception of the first Interest Payment Date, the first Coupon Payment Date 
and the Issue Price of the further securities) (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in 
the conditions of such securities to "Issue Date" shall be to the first issue date of the Securities) 
and so that the same shall be consolidated (with respect to French Securities, assimilées) and 
form a single series with the applicable Securities of that Series or Tranche and references in 
these General Conditions to "Securities" shall be construed accordingly. If the Type of 
Collateralisation is specified to be "Static Collateral" or "Static and Margined Collateral" in the 
relevant Issue Terms, then any such further securities shall only form a single series with the 
relevant Series of Securities (unless otherwise approved by an Extraordinary Resolution) if the 
Collateral Provider provides additional assets (as collateral for such further securities) which (i) 
are fungible with, and have the same proportionate composition as, the existing Static Collateral 
for the relevant existing Series of Securities and (ii) have a nominal or principal amount or 
number (however expressed) which bears the same proportion to the nominal or principal 
amount or number (however expressed) of the existing Static Collateral for the relevant existing 
Series of Securities as the proportion that the nominal or notional amount of such further 
securities (or where they do not have a nominal or notional amount, the number of such further 
securities) bears to the outstanding nominal or notional amount of such Series of Securities (or 
where they do not have a nominal or notional amount, the outstanding number of such Series of 
Securities) immediately prior to the issue date of such further securities (and, if determined to 
be necessary by the Collateral Provider, rounded up to the nearest integral multiple of an amount 
to be determined by the Collateral Provider).  
For the purposes of this Condition 30 (Further Issues), any term which is used but not defined 
shall have the meaning given to it in the Non-Triparty Custody Agreement. 
31 
Notices 
31.1 
Notices to the Holders of Registered Securities in definitive form 
Notices to the Holders of Registered Securities in definitive form shall be mailed to them at 
their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday 
(being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing.

--- Page 312 ---
General Conditions 
 
306 
 
31.2 
Notices to Holders of interests in Global Securities 
For Global Securities representing the Securities that are held in their entirety on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt or Euroclear France or DTC 
notices to the Holders of the Securities may be made by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt or Euroclear France or DTC 
for communication by them to the Holders of the Securities. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given to the Holders of the Securities on the day after the day on which such notice 
was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt or Euroclear 
France or DTC. 
31.3 
Notices to Holders of Swiss Securities  
Notices to Holders of interests in Swiss Securities shall be validly given if published on the 
website maintained on behalf of the Issuer, https://sp.jpmorgan.com/spweb/index.html. 
31.4 
Notices to Holders of French Securities 
(a) 
Notices to the Holders of French Securities in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) shall be valid if either (a) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, 
in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a 
day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (b) at the option of the Issuer, 
as long as such French Securities are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, 
they are published (i) in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in France 
(which is expected to be Les Echos), or (ii) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-
4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF, or (c) so long as such French Securities are 
listed and admitted to trading on any regulated market or other stock exchange and the 
rules of such regulated market or other stock exchange so require, in a leading daily 
newspaper with general circulation in the city where the regulated market or other stock 
exchange on which such French Securities are listed and admitted to trading is located 
and on the website of any other competent authority or regulated market of the EEA 
member state where the French Securities are listed and admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the Holders of French Securities in bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid if 
published (a) so long as such French Securities are listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, (i) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which 
is expected to be Les Echos), or (ii) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the 
Règlement Général of the AMF, or (b) so long as such French Securities are listed and 
admitted to trading on any regulated market or other stock exchange and the rules of such 
regulated market or other stock exchange so require, in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city where the regulated market or other stock exchange on 
which such French Securities are listed and admitted to trading is located and on the 
website of any other competent authority or regulated market of the EEA member state 
where the French Securities are listed and admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in 
another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, 
if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first such publication. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the Holders of French Securities (whether in registered 
or in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other clearing 
system through which the French Securities are for the time being cleared in substitution 
for the mailing and/or publication of a notice required by General Conditions 31.4(a), (b) 
and (c) above; except that so long as the French Securities are listed and admitted to 
trading on a regulated market or other stock exchange and the rules of such regulated 
market or other stock exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a leading 
daily newspaper of general circulation in the city where the regulated market or other 
stock exchange on which such French Securities are listed and admitted to trading is 
located.

--- Page 313 ---
General Conditions 
 
307 
 
(e) 
Notices relating to convocation and decision(s) pursuant to General Condition 28.3 and 
pursuant to Articles R.228-79 and R.236-14 of the French Code de commerce shall be 
given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and any other clearing system through which the French Notes are for the 
time being cleared. For the avoidance of doubt, General Conditions 31.4(a), (b), (c) and 
(d) shall not apply to such notices. 
(f) 
Notices, if validly published, in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (e) above, more than 
once, will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication. 
31.5 
Notices to Holders of German Securities 
Notices to Holders of German Securities will be valid if published (a) on the website maintained 
on behalf of the Issuer, https://sp.jpmorgan.com/ spweb/index.html, or (b) in accordance with 
General Condition 31.2 (Notices to Holders of interests in Global Securities). 
31.6 
Notices in respect of Securities listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
So long as the Securities are admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so require all notices regarding the Securities will be deemed to be validly given if 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (http://www.luxse.com/). 
31.7 
Notices in respect of Securities listed on Euronext Dublin 
So long as the Securities are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and the rules of 
that exchange so require, all notices regarding the Securities will be deemed to be validly given 
if in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Ireland (that is expected to be the Irish Times). 
If in the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly 
given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation 
in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication 
or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is 
made, as provided above. If and while the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext 
Dublin, copies of all notices given in accordance with this Condition shall be forwarded to the 
Companies Announcement Office of Euronext Dublin. 
31.8 
Notices in respect of Securities listed on any other stock exchange 
For so long as any Securities are listed on any other stock exchange or listing authority, notices 
shall be published in accordance with the rules of such stock exchange or listing authority. 
31.9 
Notices by Holders of German Securities 
In respect of German Securities, notices which are required to be given by the Holder to the 
Issuer or Relevant Programme Agent pursuant to General Condition 11.2 (Automatic Exercise 
Warrant Notice Requirement) and General Condition 11.3 (Exercise Procedure) must be given 
(and will only be validly given) if:  
(a) 
the Holder submits to the Relevant Programme Agent a written notice in the form 
available from the Relevant Programme Agent which has been completed by such Holder 
or which includes any statements and declarations required by such form, in particular: 
 
the name and address of the Holder; 
 
the specification (including ISIN/WKN) and number of Securities to which the 
notice is applicable; 
 
the account of the Holder with a bank in the Federal Republic of Germany to 
which any payments that may be owed or delivery which may be due under the 
Securities are to be credited; and

--- Page 314 ---
General Conditions 
 
308 
 
 
in respect of Securities to which Physical Settlement applies, a Non-U.S. 
Certification; and 
(b) 
delivers the Securities to which the notice relates to the Relevant Programme Agent 
either (i) by means of an irrevocable instruction to the Relevant Programme Agent to 
debit the Securities from the depository account, if any, maintained with the Relevant 
Programme Agent, or (ii) by transfer of the Securities to the account of the Relevant 
Programme Agent with the Relevant Clearing System. 
If the number of Securities to which the notice relates differs from the number of Securities 
transferred to the Relevant Programme Agent, the notice shall be deemed to apply only for the 
smaller of both numbers of Securities. Any Securities transferred in excess of the number of 
Securities to which the notice relates shall be re-transferred to the Holder at its risk and expense. 
No Securities so delivered and options so exercised may be withdrawn without the prior consent 
of the Issuer. 
31.10 
Notices from the Calculation Agent 
Notices from the Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with General Conditions 31.1 
(Notices to the Holders of Registered Securities in definitive form) to 31.8 (Notices in respect of 
Securities listed on any other stock exchange) above, as applicable. 
32 
Substitution 
32.1 
Right of Substitution 
The Issuer may (provided it has complied with the requirements set out in General Conditions 
32.2(a) to (d) (inclusive) (for Securities other than German Securities and French Securities) or 
General Conditions 32.3(a) to (f) (inclusive) (for German Securities and French Securities)) at 
any time, without the consent of the Holders, substitute for itself JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any 
of its consolidated subsidiaries (including the Guarantor) (the "Substitute") provided, however, 
that in respect of Securities issued by JPMSP, (i) either JPMSP or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
has or will (or based on an opinion of counsel to JPMSP (or to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in 
its capacity as guarantor, as the case may be), there is a substantial likelihood that it will) become 
obliged to pay Additional Amounts as provided or referred to in General Condition 20.1 
(Obligation to pay Additional Amounts) or (ii) an Underlying Hedge Entity has incurred or will 
(or based on an opinion of counsel to such Underlying Hedge Entity there is a substantial 
likelihood that it will) incur a materially increased cost with respect to taxes (including, without 
limitation, grossing-up payments or receiving payments net of withholding) in performing its 
obligations in relation to the Underlying Hedge Transactions (including, without limitation, due 
to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position 
with respect to an Underlying Hedge Tax Jurisdiction), in each case (x) as a result of (I) any 
action taken by a Relevant Jurisdiction or an Underlying Hedge Tax Jurisdiction (as applicable) 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax or brought 
in a court of competent jurisdiction on or after the Issue Date; or (II) the proposal, adoption, 
finalisation or expiration of any laws, regulations, or administrative guidance of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, Underlying Hedge Tax Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in, or amendment to (or proposed change 
or amendment to), proposed or final laws, regulations, or administrative guidance, or any change 
in the application or official interpretation of proposed or final laws, regulations or 
administrative guidance (including by inaction, such as the failure to finalise proposed 
regulations or administrative guidance, or due to the mere passage of time), which proposal, 
adoption, finalisation, expiration, change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue 
Date or with respect to payments made on or after the Issue Date; and (y) such obligation or 
cost with respect to taxes cannot be avoided by the Issuer, the Guarantor or Underlying Hedge 
Entity (as applicable) taking reasonable measures available to it (as determined by the Issuer or 
the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent on their behalf).

--- Page 315 ---
General Conditions 
 
309 
 
For the purposes of this General Condition 32.1, the term "Relevant Jurisdiction" shall also 
include any jurisdiction that enters into an intergovernmental agreement with the United States 
in furtherance of FATCA. 
With regard to Italian Certificates, for so long as the Securities are admitted to trading on an 
Italian MTF, any substitution of the Issuer will be subject to the rules, instructions and 
requirements of the relevant Italian MTF. The obligations of the Substitute in respect of the 
Italian Certificates will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer. 
32.2 
Means of Substitution (Securities other than German Securities and French Securities) 
The right of substitution granted to Securities other than German Securities and French 
Securities is subject to fulfilment of the following: 
(a) 
the Substitute having, by means of a deed poll (the "Deed Poll"), substantially in the 
form scheduled to the Agency Agreement: 
 
become a party to the Agency Agreement with any appropriate consequential 
amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
 
indemnified each Holder against (x) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental 
charge that is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of 
the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its 
incorporation with respect to any Security or the Deed of Covenant arising from 
or in connection with the substitution and (y) any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge, and any cost or expense relating to the substitution; 
 
completed all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and 
done in respect of the substitution, and to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Securities 
and Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substitute and, in the case of the Deed Poll, of the Guarantor, 
and a supplement to the Base Prospectus describing the Programme having been 
prepared if required to describe the Substitute; 
(b) 
in respect of Securities issued by JPMSP or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., where JPMSP 
or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is substituted as issuer, and where JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. is not the Substitute, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
shall guarantee the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Securities and 
the Deed of Covenant by means of the Deed Poll;  
(c) 
the Issuer having taken any necessary action to ensure that the Security Interests remain 
in full force and effect upon such substitution or, if such would not be the case, having 
taken any necessary action to have the Collateral Provider grant new security on the same 
terms as the Security Interests and upon such creation references to the Security Interests 
and any related terms shall be construed mutatis mutandis so as to refer to such new 
security; and 
(d) 
the Issuer shall give at least 14 days' (or, in the case of Italian Certificates, at least 30 
days') prior notice of such substitution to the Holders (which shall be announced in 
accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices)), stating that copies, or pending 
execution the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution that are referred 
to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Holders, shall be 
available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
32.3 
Means of Substitution in respect of German Securities and French Securities 
The right of substitution granted to German Securities and French Securities is subject to the 
following: 
(a) 
the Substitute assuming all obligations of the Issuer or any previous substituted company 
arising from or in connection with the German Securities or the French Securities;

--- Page 316 ---
General Conditions 
 
310 
 
(b) 
the Issuer and the Substitute having obtained all necessary authorisations and being able 
to transfer all amounts required for the fulfilment of the payment obligations under the 
German Securities or the French Securities to the Relevant Programme Agent (in the 
currency required under the German Securities and French Securities) without being 
obliged to deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by the 
country in which the Substitute or the Issuer has its domicile or tax residence;  
(c) 
the Substitute agreeing to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder of German 
Securities or French Securities against (i) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental 
charge imposed on such Holder of German Securities or French Securities by (or by any 
authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax 
purposes and, if different, of its incorporation which would not have been so imposed if 
the Substitution had not been made and (ii) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental 
charge, any cost or expense in respect of such Substitution;  
(d) 
if the German Securities or the French Securities are listed on a stock exchange and the 
rules of such exchange (or other regulatory authority) so require, the Issuer notifying 
such substitution in accordance with applicable rules and regulations;  
(e) 
in the case of German Securities or French Securities issued by JPMSP, the obligations 
of the Substitute arising under the German Securities or French Securities, where 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or JPMorgan Chase & Co. is not the Substitute, remaining 
guaranteed by the Guarantor; and 
(f) 
the Issuer having taken any necessary action to ensure that the Security Interests remain 
in full force and effect upon such substitution or, if such would not be the case, having 
taken any necessary action to have the Collateral Provider grant new security on the same 
terms as the Security Interests and upon such creation references to the Security Interests 
and any related terms shall be construed mutatis mutandis so as to refer to such new 
security. 
A notice of any Substitution in accordance with this General Condition 32.3 will be published 
in accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices).  
32.4 
References to Issuer deemed to be to Substitute 
Where an Issuer is substituted for a Substitute, any reference to such Issuer in these General 
Conditions shall be deemed to be a reference to the Substitute. 
33 
Prescription 
33.1 
Securities other than German Securities 
Claims against the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor for payment or delivery in respect 
of the Securities (including without limitation, claims for any applicable redemption amounts 
payable) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within (and no claims shall be made 
after such Relevant Payment Date): 
(a) 
ten years (in the case of principal or any Reference Asset Amount(s)) from the 
appropriate Relevant Payment Date in respect of the relevant Notes; 
(b) 
five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Payment Date in respect 
of the relevant Notes; or  
(c) 
five years from the Settlement Date in respect of Warrants and Certificates.  
33.2 
German Securities 
In the case of principal or any Reference Asset Amount(s), the period for presentation of 
German Securities (pursuant to section 801 paragraph 1 sentence 1 BGB) shall be ten years from 
the date on which the relevant obligation of the Issuer under the German Securities first becomes 
due, and the period of limitation for claims under the German Securities presented during the

--- Page 317 ---
General Conditions 
 
311 
 
period for presentation shall be two years calculated from the expiration of the presentation 
period. For the avoidance of doubt: in the case of interest, sections 195 and 199 BGB apply. 
34 
Exercise of bail-in in relation to JPMSP as the Issuer 
34.1 
Recognition of bail-in 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Securities or any other 
agreements, arrangements, or understandings between JPMSP as the Issuer and any Holder, by 
its acquisition of the Securities, each Holder (which, for the purposes of this clause, includes 
each holder of a beneficial interest in the Securities), acknowledges and accepts that the 
Amounts Due arising under these Securities may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by 
the Resolution Authority, and acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority, that may include 
and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
 
the reduction of all, or a portion of, the Amounts Due; 
 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on the Securities into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of JPMSP as the Issuer or another 
person and the issue to or conferral on the Holder of such shares, securities or 
obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of 
the terms of the Securities;  
 
 the cancellation of the Securities; 
 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Securities or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Securities or the date on which the interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Securities, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise of 
Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority. 
34.2 
Event of Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion thereof 
into another security or obligation of JPMSP as the Issuer or another person, as a result of the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to JPMSP as the Issuer, 
nor the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Securities 
will be an Event of Default. 
34.3 
Notice to Holders 
Upon the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Securities 
JPMSP as the Issuer will provide a written notice to the Holders in accordance with General 
Condition 31 (Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Power. 
JPMSP as the Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Principal Programme Agent 
for information purposes. 
35 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
35.1 
Governing Law  
(a) 
Securities other than French Securities and German Securities 
The Securities (including Swiss Securities and the Guarantee in respect of Securities 
issued by JPMSP, but excluding French Securities and German Securities) and the 
Agency Agreement (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of whatever 
nature (whether contractual, non-contractual or otherwise) arising out of or in any way 
relating to the Securities, the Guarantee or the Agency Agreement or their respective 
formation) are governed by English law.

--- Page 318 ---
General Conditions 
 
312 
 
(b) 
French Securities 
French Securities (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of whatever nature 
(whether contractual, non-contractual or otherwise) arising out of or in any way relating 
to French Securities, or their formation) are governed by and shall be construed in 
accordance with French law. The Guarantee in respect of French Securities issued by 
JPMSP and the Agency Agreement (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim 
of whatever nature (whether contractual, non-contractual or otherwise) arising out of or 
in any way relating to the Guarantee or the Agency Agreement, or its formation) shall be 
governed by English law. 
(c) 
German Securities 
German Securities are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with, German 
law. The Guarantee in respect of Securities issued by JPMSP shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with English law.  
35.2 
Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Securities other than French Securities and German Securities 
The Courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes, 
controversy, proceedings or claim of whatever nature that may arise out of or in 
connection with any Securities (other than French Securities and German Securities 
(including their formation), including the Guarantee in respect of Securities issued by 
JPMSP and accordingly any such legal action or proceedings ("Proceedings") may be 
brought in such courts. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) irrevocably 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and waives any objection 
to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. These submissions are made 
for the benefit of each of the Holders of the Securities and shall not affect the right of 
any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall 
the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings 
in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).  
(b) 
French Securities 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any French Securities may be brought 
before any competent court of the jurisdiction of the Paris Court of Appeal. 
(c) 
German Securities 
The courts of Frankfurt am Main are to have jurisdiction to settle any Proceedings that 
may arise out of or in connection with any German Securities (including their formation) 
and accordingly any Proceedings may be brought in such court. In respect of German 
Securities, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) irrevocably submits to the 
jurisdiction of the courts of Frankfurt am Main and waives any objection to Proceedings 
in such court on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been 
brought in an inconvenient forum. These submissions are made for the benefit of each of 
the holders of the Securities and shall not affect the right of any of them to take 
Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of 
Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
35.3 
Service of Process 
(a) 
Securities other than German Securities  
Each of JPMSP and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. appoints the CIB Legal Team of J.P. 
Morgan Securities plc of 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 5JP, England as 
their respective agent in England to receive, for them and on their behalf, service of 
process in any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be deemed completed on

--- Page 319 ---
General Conditions 
 
313 
 
delivery to the relevant process agent (whether or not, it is forwarded to and received by 
JPMSP or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the case may be). If for any reason the process 
agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in London, each of 
JPMSP or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the case may be, irrevocably agrees to appoint 
a substitute process agent and shall immediately notify Holders of such appointment in 
accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices). Nothing shall affect the right of 
Holders to serve process in any manner permitted by law. 
(b) 
German Securities 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) appoints the Head of the Legal 
Department of J.P. Morgan SE, TaunusTurm, Taunustor 1, 60310, Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany as its agent in Germany to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process 
in any Proceedings in Germany. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to 
the relevant process agent (whether or not, it is forwarded to and received by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor (if applicable)). If for any reason the relevant process agent ceases to 
be able to act as such or no longer has an address in Germany, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (if applicable) irrevocably agree to appoint a substitute process agent and shall 
immediately notify Holders of such appointment in accordance with General Condition 
31.5 (Notices to Holders of German Securities). Nothing shall affect the right to serve 
process in any manner permitted by law. 
36 
Third parties  
(a) 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
In respect of any Securities which are governed by English law, no person shall have any 
right to enforce any term or condition of the Securities under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
37 
Definitions and Interpretation 
37.1 
Definitions 
In these General Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall 
have the respective meanings set out below: 
"Acceleration Date" has the meaning given in General Condition 15.2 (Consequences of an 
Event of Default). 
"Additional Amounts" has the meaning given in General Condition 20 (Taxation and Early 
Redemption or Termination for Taxation). 
"Adjusted Arithmetic Mean" means the arithmetic mean after eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest), unless only two quotations are provided, in which case 
neither the highest quotation nor the lowest quotation will be eliminated. 
"Adjustment Date" means a date specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Holders 
pursuant to General Condition 26.2 (Adjustments to Warrants or Certificates for European 
Monetary Union) which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency 
first participates in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the 
Treaty. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Securities and a Relevant 
Benchmark, the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the 
following events in respect of such Relevant Benchmark: 
(a) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval 
or inclusion in any official register in respect of a Relevant Benchmark or the 
administrator or sponsor of a Relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained

--- Page 320 ---
General Conditions 
 
314 
 
or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, or any prohibition by a relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the 
Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) and/or any other relevant entity is 
not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Relevant 
Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities; or 
(b) 
any material change to the methodology or formula for the Relevant Benchmark or any 
other means of calculating the Relevant Benchmark, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent ("Material Methodology Change Event"). 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event Effective Date" means: 
(a) 
in the case of paragraph (a) of the definition of "Administrator/Benchmark Event", the 
date from which the Relevant Benchmark may no longer be used under any applicable 
law or regulation by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) and/or any 
other relevant entity to perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities; or 
(b) 
in the case of paragraph (b) of the definition of "Administrator/Benchmark Event", the 
date on which the change to the methodology or formula for the Relevant Benchmark 
becomes effective. 
"Affiliate" has the meaning given in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 
"Agency Agreement" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Agents" means the Principal Programme Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Delivery Agent as appointed by the Issuer and, if applicable, 
the Guarantor, and each Relevant Programme Agent.  
"Alternative Settlement Date" means such date as the Calculation Agent reasonably 
determines. 
"American Style" has the meaning given in General Condition 11.1(a) (Exercise Style and 
Period). 
"Amounts Due" means any outstanding amounts payable in respect of the Securities. 
"Automatic Acceleration Event (Delivery Default)" has the meaning given in General 
Condition 15.3 (Automatic Acceleration Event). 
"Automatic Acceleration Event (Payment Default)" has the meaning given in General 
Condition 15.3 (Automatic Acceleration Event). 
"Automatic Exercise" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, that the 
relevant Warrants not exercised prior to the Expiration Date shall be deemed to have been 
exercised on the Expiration Date. 
"Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice" means, in respect of Warrants, the notice specified in 
General Condition 11.2 (Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice Requirement). 
"Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any law or regulation in 
effect in The Netherlands, relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, including 
but not limited to the Bail-In Legislation and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 and the instruments, 
rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a bank or investment 
firm or affiliate of a bank or investment firm can be reduced, cancelled, modified or converted 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of such entity or any other person (or suspended 
for a temporary period).

--- Page 321 ---
General Conditions 
 
315 
 
"Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, 
in a city in which banks have access to T2 provided however, that payment will not be made by 
mail to an address in the United States or by transfer to an account maintained in the United 
States. 
"Bearer Global Security" means a Permanent Bearer Global Security or a Temporary Bearer 
Global Security. 
"Bearer Notes" means any Notes specified to be a Bearer Security in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Bearer Securities" means any Securities specified as such in the in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Belgian Securities" means Securities in respect of which the Belgian Securities Annex is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Benchmark" means the benchmark or other rate specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Bermudan Style" has the meaning given in General Condition 11.1(a) (Exercise Style and 
Period). 
"Bond Linked Provisions" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Bond Linked Securities" means any Securities in respect of which the "Bond Linked 
Provisions" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation (in the case of 
Securities in definitive form), in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Additional 
Financial Centre(s)" in the relevant Issue Terms and: 
(a) 
(unless the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Default Business Day" to be not applicable) 
in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro, where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, a day on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be claimed on and commercial banks settle payments 
in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the control of such currency; 
(b) 
(unless the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Default Business Day" to be not 
applicable) in the case of a payment in euro, a day which is a TARGET2 Settlement Day; 
and/or 
(c) 
in the case of one or more Additional Financial Centres, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Additional 
Financial Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Additional 
Financial Centres,  
provided that if the Additional Financial Centres are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be 
or to include "TARGET" or "TARGET2", then Business Day shall also be a day which is a 
TARGET2 Settlement Day (in addition to the terms of the foregoing paragraphs (a), (b) and (c), 
as applicable); and in cases where payments and/or deliveries are to be made through a Relevant 
Clearing System, a day on which such Relevant Clearing System is (or, but for the occurrence 
of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) also open for the acceptance and execution 
of settlement instructions. If the term "Business Day" is used in any context where it does not 
relate to a particular payment of an amount on such day, such as (without limitation) where it is 
used to calculate a period of time from or before a particular date, "Business Day" shall, unless 
the context otherwise requires, be construed for such purpose as provided above but assuming 
that it related to a payment in the currency of the Security. 
"Business Day Convention" has the meaning given in General Condition 12 (Business Day).

--- Page 322 ---
General Conditions 
 
316 
 
"Calculation Agent" means J.P. Morgan Securities plc or J.P. Morgan SE and includes any 
alternative calculation agent appointed from time to time in respect of a Series of Securities 
identified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Calculation Amount" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Call Option Exercise Date" means, with respect to an Optional Redemption Date, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if an Optional Redemption Table is set out in 
the relevant Issue Terms, with respect to an Optional Redemption Date specified in the Optional 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Optional Redemption Date(s)", each date set forth in 
the Optional Redemption Table in the column entitled "Call Option Exercise Date" in the row 
corresponding to such Optional Redemption Date. 
"Cash Settlement" means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, cash payment 
of the Settlement Amount or Redemption Amount. 
"Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms in respect of each Coupon Payment Date or, if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the 
relevant Issue Terms, with respect to each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled "Coupon Payment Date(s)", the amount set forth in the 
Coupon Payment Table in the column entitled "Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount" in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date, unless the relevant Issue Terms specify 
"Calculated from Coupon Value", in which case the Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount shall be 
an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent to be equal to (a) the 
Notional Amount per Certificate, multiplied by (b) the Coupon Value. Any amounts so 
calculated will be rounded in accordance with General Condition 27 (Rounding). 
"Certificates" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Clearing System Business Day" means, in respect of any Relevant Clearing System, any day 
on which such Relevant Clearing System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement 
Disruption Event, would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement 
instructions. 
"Clearstream Frankfurt" means Clearstream Banking AG, Eschborn, Germany or any 
successor or replacement thereto. 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme or any successor 
or replacement thereto. 
"Code" means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
"Collateral Agreements" means: (i) with respect to the Collateral Pool relating to the Series of 
Securities, the agreements and deeds constituted by a Constituting Instrument in respect of such 
Collateral Pool, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Security Deed, any Triparty Account 
Control Agreement, any Non-Triparty Custody Agreement and the Collateral Monitoring 
Agreement and; (ii) if such agreements include a Triparty Account Control Agreement, the 
custody agreement between the Collateral Provider and the Collateral Custodian (UK) dated 23 
July 2010 (such agreement, as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to 
time).  
"Collateral Agreements Termination Event" means the termination of any of the Collateral 
Agreements without (i) a replacement agreement for such Collateral Agreement having been 
put in place or (ii) where applicable, a successor Security Trustee, Collateral Custodian (UK), 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or Collateral Monitoring Agent, that is not the same entity as 
the Collateral Provider or the Issuer, or any affiliate thereof, having been appointed, in either 
case as of the date of the termination of the relevant Collateral Agreement. 
"Collateral Custodian (Lux)" means The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch. 
"Collateral Custodian (UK)" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch.

--- Page 323 ---
General Conditions 
 
317 
 
"Collateral Monitoring Agent" means The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch. 
"Collateral Monitoring Agreement" means, in respect of any Collateral Pool, the collateral 
monitoring agreement relating to such Collateral Pool, created by entry into of the Constituting 
Instrument relating to such Collateral Pool, on the terms of the Master Collateral Monitoring 
Terms as amended and/or supplemented by such Constituting Instrument. 
"Collateral Pool" means, with respect to any Relevant Series of Securities, the collateral pool 
specified as such in the applicable Constituting Instrument relating to such Relevant Series of 
Securities. 
"Collateral Provider" means J.P. Morgan Securities plc, J.P. Morgan SE or such other entity 
named as such in the applicable Constituting Instrument in respect of the Relevant Series of 
Securities.  
"Commodity Linked Provisions" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Commodity Linked Securities" means any Securities in respect of which the "Commodity 
Linked Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Compounded Daily €STR Recommended Fallback Rate" means: 
(a) 
the rate (if any) recommended as the replacement for €STR by (i) the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) or (ii) a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by (i) the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
and/or (ii) the European Securities and Markets Authority, in each case for such purpose 
("Fallback €STR"); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date has not occurred with respect to Fallback €STR, and (ii) neither the 
administrator of €STR nor any authorised distributor has provided or published Fallback 
€STR for the day in respect of which it is required, the last provided or published 
Fallback €STR; or 
(c) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date has not occurred with respect to Fallback €STR, (ii) neither the 
administrator of €STR nor any authorised distributor has provided or published Fallback 
€STR for the day in respect of which it is required, and (iii) there is no last provided or 
published Fallback €STR, the last provided or published €STR; or 
(d) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that:  
 
Fallback €STR has not been published or provided before the end of the first 
TARGET2 Settlement Day following the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date with respect to €STR; or  
 
an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date has occurred with respect to 
Fallback €STR,  
the sum of (x) the rate on the deposit facility that banks may use to make overnight deposits 
with the Eurosystem ("EDFR") and (y) such spread as the Calculation Agent considers to be 
reasonable taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). 
"Compounded Daily SOFR Recommended Fallback Rate" means: 
(a) 
the rate (if any) recommended as the replacement for SOFR by the Federal Reserve 
Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or by a committee officially endorsed 
or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for 
such purpose ("Fallback SOFR"); or

--- Page 324 ---
General Conditions 
 
318 
 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date has not occurred with respect to Fallback SOFR, and (ii) neither the 
administrator of SOFR nor any authorised distributor has provided or published Fallback 
SOFR for the day in respect of which it is required, the last provided or published 
Fallback SOFR; or 
(c) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date has not occurred with respect to Fallback SOFR, (ii) neither the 
administrator of SOFR nor any authorised distributor has provided or published Fallback 
SOFR for the day in respect of which it is required, and (iii) there is no last provided or 
published Fallback SOFR, the last provided or published SOFR; or 
(d) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) Fallback SOFR has not been published or 
provided before the end of the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day following 
the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date with respect to SOFR, or (ii) an 
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date has occurred with respect to Fallback 
SOFR, the Overnight Bank Funding Rate (known as "OBFR)" administered by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor administrator. 
"Compounded Daily SONIA Recommended Fallback Rate" means:  
(a) 
the rate (if any) recommended as the replacement for SONIA by (i) the administrator of 
SONIA if the administrator of SONIA is a national central bank, or (ii) if the national 
central bank administrator of SONIA does not make a recommendation or the 
administrator of SONIA is not a national central bank, a committee designated for such 
purpose by one or both of the Financial Conduct Authority (or any successor thereto) 
and the Bank of England ("Fallback SONIA"); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date has not occurred with respect to Fallback SONIA, and (ii) neither the 
administrator of SONIA nor any authorised distributor has provided or published 
Fallback SONIA for the day in respect of which it is required, the last provided or 
published Fallback SONIA; or 
(c) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date has not occurred with respect to Fallback SONIA, (ii) neither the 
administrator of SONIA nor any authorised distributor has provided or published 
Fallback SONIA for the day in respect of which it is required, and (iii) there is no last 
provided or published Fallback SONIA, the last provided or published SONIA; or 
(d) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) Fallback SONIA has not been published or 
provided before the end of the first London Banking Day following the Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date with respect to SONIA, or (ii) an Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date has occurred with respect to Fallback 
SONIA, the last provided official bank rate as determined by the Monetary Policy 
Committee of the Bank of England and published by the Bank of England. 
"Compounded Daily TONA Recommended Fallback Rate" means: 
(a) 
means the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended as the 
replacement for TONA by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of 
Japan for the purpose of recommending a replacement for TONA (which rate may be 
produced by the Bank of Japan or another administrator) and as provided by the 
administrator of that rate or, if that rate is not provided by the administrator thereof (or a 
successor administrator), published by an authorised distributor ("Fallback TONA"); or 
(b) 
if there is Fallback TONA before the end of the first Tokyo Banking Day following the 
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date but neither the administrator nor 
authorised distributors provide or publish the Fallback TONA, then, subject to the below, 
in respect of any day for which the Fallback TONA is required, references to the Fallback 
TONA will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published Fallback TONA.

--- Page 325 ---
General Conditions 
 
319 
 
However, if there is no last provided or published Fallback TONA, then in respect of any 
day for which the Fallback TONA is required, references to Fallback TONA will be 
deemed to be references to the last provided or published TONA; or 
(c) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) there is no Fallback TONA before the end of 
the first Tokyo Banking Day following the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective 
Date; or (ii) there is Fallback TONA and an Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective 
Date subsequently occurs with respect to Fallback TONA, then the rate for a TONA 
Fixing Day occurring on or after Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date or a 
Fallback TONA Fixing Day occurring on or after the Index Cessation Effective Date 
with respect to Fallback TONA will be a commercially reasonable alternative for TONA 
or Fallback TONA (as applicable) determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into 
account any rate implemented by central counterparties and/or futures exchanges, in each 
case with trading volumes in derivatives or futures referencing TONA or Fallback TONA 
(as applicable) that the Calculation Agent considers sufficient for that rate to be a 
representative alternative rate, 
where "Fallback TONA Fixing Day" means, in respect of Fallback TONA and a Tokyo 
Banking Day "i", the publication day specified by the administrator of Fallback TONA for 
Fallback TONA in its benchmark methodology. 
"Compounded Index" means the SONIA Compounded Index, the SOFR Compounded Index, 
or any other rate which the Calculation Agent determines to be a Compounded Index. 
"Compounded RFR" means each of Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, 
Compounded Daily TONA, Compounded Daily €STR, or any other rate which the Calculation 
Agent determines to be a Compounded RFR. 
"Conditions" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Constituting Instrument" means, in respect of a Collateral Pool, a constituting instrument 
entered into by, amongst others, the Issuer, the Collateral Provider and the Security Trustee in 
relation to such Collateral Pool. 
"Coupon Amount" means an amount determined in accordance with, in the case of Notes, 
General Condition 4.3 (Reference Asset Linked Coupon Notes) or in the case of Certificates, 
General Condition 8 (Certificate Coupon). 
"Coupon Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, the Coupon Commencement Date may 
be specified to occur prior to the Issue Date; in such case, the accrual of interest on the Securities 
shall be conditional on the issuance of the Securities. 
"Coupon Payment Date(s)" means: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that if no Coupon 
Payment Date(s) are specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "Coupon Payment Date(s)" 
shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the 
relevant Issue Terms as the Specified Coupon Period after the preceding Coupon 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Coupon Payment Date, after the Issue Date; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the relevant Issue Terms, each date set forth in 
the Coupon Payment Table in the column entitled "Coupon Payment Date(s)",  
provided that: 
 
a Coupon Payment Date shall be deemed to be an "Interest Payment Date" for the 
purposes of applying the General Conditions to any Reference Asset Linked 
Coupon Note; 
 
where (A) "In Fine Coupon", "In Fine Memory Coupon", "Daily Coupon" or 
"Daily Coupon 2" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and

--- Page 326 ---
General Conditions 
 
320 
 
(B) "Early Redemption" or "Daily Observation Early Redemption" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that 
an Early Redemption Event has occurred on an Early Redemption Valuation Date 
or that a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred (as applicable), 
the Early Redemption Date in respect of such Early Redemption Event or Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Date in respect of such Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Event (as applicable) shall be the Coupon Payment Date (and there 
shall be no further Coupon Payment Dates); 
 
subject to paragraph (ii) above, where "Early Redemption" or "Daily Observation 
Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Early Redemption Event has occurred on 
an Early Redemption Valuation Date or that a Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Event has occurred (as applicable), the Coupon Payment Date falling 
or scheduled to fall on (or, if none, the Coupon Payment Date immediately 
preceding) the relevant Early Redemption Date in respect of such Early 
Redemption Event or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date in respect of 
such Daily Observation Early Redemption Event (as applicable) shall be the final 
Coupon Payment Date (and there shall be no further Coupon Payment Dates); 
 
where "Call Option" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if 
the Issuer exercises its rights (in the case of Notes) under General Condition 5.1 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or (in the case of Certificates) under 
General Condition 9.1 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) to redeem the 
Securities on an Optional Redemption Date, there shall be no Coupon Payment 
Date subsequent to such Optional Redemption Date; and 
 
in the case of Floating Rate Coupon Certificates, each Floating Rate Coupon 
Payment Date. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Period" means: 
(a) 
the period from, and including, the Coupon Commencement Date to, but excluding, the 
first Coupon Period End Date and each successive period from, and including, a Coupon 
Period End Date and ending on, but excluding, the next succeeding Coupon Period End 
Date; or  
(b) 
each period specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Coupon Period End Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
or, if none is so specified, each Coupon Payment Date.  
"Coupon Valuation Date" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions. 
"Coupon Value" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of 
each Coupon Payment Date or, if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the relevant Issue Terms, 
with respect to each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Coupon Payment Table in the 
column entitled "Coupon Payment Date(s)", the amount set forth in the Coupon Payment Table 
in the column entitled "Coupon Value" in the row corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date. 
"Credit Index" and "Credit Indices" mean the index or indices specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms, and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Credit Linked Provisions" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Credit Linked Securities" means any Securities in respect of which the "Credit Linked 
Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"CREST CDI Securities" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(vi) (CREST CDI 
Securities).

--- Page 327 ---
General Conditions 
 
321 
 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Date" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions. 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Event" has the meaning given in the Payout 
Conditions. 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period" has the meaning given in the 
Payout Conditions. 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date" has the meaning given in the Payout 
Conditions. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; and 
 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (a) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods 
normally ending in any year; and  
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods normally 
ending in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
"Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1) + (D2 −D1)]
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 328 ---
General Conditions 
 
322 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1) + (D2 −D1)]
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1) + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)]
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and

--- Page 329 ---
General Conditions 
 
323 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
"Dealer" means any dealer specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Deed of Covenant" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Deed Poll" has the meaning given in General Condition 32.2 (Means of Substitution (Securities 
other than German Securities and French Securities)). 
"Delivery Agent" means J.P. Morgan Securities plc or any successor thereof (or such other 
Delivery Agent as may be appointed from time to time and as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms). 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given in General Condition 14.3 (Delivery of Reference Asset 
Amount). 
"Delivery Expenses" means all expenses, including any applicable depository charges, 
transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other taxes or duties, 
that arise from the delivery and/or transfer of any Reference Asset Amount(s). 
"Disruption Cash Settlement Price" means such amount as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, or, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Fair Market Value of Security", an amount equal 
to the fair market value of the relevant Security (but not taking into account any interest accrued 
on any Security) on such day as shall be selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion 
adjusted to take account fully for any losses, expenses and costs to the Issuer and/or any affiliate 
of the Issuer of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or related hedging arrangements 
(including but not limited to any options or selling or otherwise realising any relevant Share or 
other instruments or assets of any type whatsoever which the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates 
may hold as part of such hedging arrangements), all as calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
"DTC" means The Depository Trust Company or any successor or replacement thereto. 
"DTC Custodian" means the custodian on behalf of DTC. 
"Due and Payable Margined Securities" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant 
Security Deed. 
"Early Payment Amount" means,  
(a) 
for the purposes only of General Condition 15.2 (Consequences of an Event of Default) 
or General Condition 15.3 (Automatic Acceleration Event), as defined in General 
Condition 15.2 (Consequences of an Event of Default); and 
(b) 
for all other purposes, unless otherwise specified in the Conditions, where: 
 
"Early Payment Amount 1" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, Early Payment Amount 1;  
 
"Early Payment Amount 2" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, Early Payment Amount 2;  
 
"Early Payment Amount 3" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, Early Payment Amount 3; or 
 
"Early Payment Amount 4" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, Early Payment Amount 4. 
"Early Payment Amount 1" means, in respect of each Security (that has not already become 
due and payable) of a particular Series, that Security's pro rata share of an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the fair market value of such Securities on the second Business 
Day immediately preceding the due date for the early redemption or settlement of the Securities,

--- Page 330 ---
General Conditions 
 
324 
 
determined using its internal models and methodologies by reference to such factors as the 
Calculation Agent may consider to be appropriate including, without limitation:  
(a) 
market prices or values for the underlying(s) and other relevant economic variables (such 
as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time taking into account 
the bid or offer prices of the underlying(s) (as relevant); 
(b) 
the remaining term of the Securities had they remained outstanding to scheduled maturity 
or expiry and/or any scheduled early redemption; 
(c) 
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption or cancellation amount which 
would have been payable had the Securities remained outstanding to scheduled maturity 
or expiry and/or any scheduled early redemption or exercise date;  
(d) 
if applicable, accrued interest;  
(e) 
internal pricing models;  
(f) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for securities similar to the Securities; 
and 
(g) 
any other information which the Calculation Agent considers to be relevant (but ignoring 
the event which resulted in such early redemption). 
"Early Payment Amount 2" means, in respect of each Security (that has not already become 
due and payable) of a particular Series, that Security's pro rata share of an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the fair market value of such Securities on the second Business 
Day immediately preceding the due date for the early redemption or settlement of the Securities, 
determined using its internal models and methodologies by reference to such factors as the 
Calculation Agent may consider to be appropriate including, without limitation:  
(a) 
market prices or values for the underlying(s) and other relevant economic variables (such 
as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time taking into account 
the bid or offer prices of the underlying(s) (as relevant); 
(b) 
the remaining term of the Securities had they remained outstanding to scheduled maturity 
or expiry and/or any scheduled early redemption; 
(c) 
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption or cancellation amount which 
would have been payable had the Securities remained outstanding to scheduled maturity 
or expiry and/or any scheduled early redemption or exercise date;  
(d) 
if applicable, accrued interest;  
(e) 
internal pricing models;  
(f) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for securities similar to the Securities; 
and 
(g) 
any other information which the Calculation Agent considers to be relevant (but ignoring 
the event which resulted in such early redemption),  
provided that such amount shall be adjusted to account for all costs incurred by the Issuer and/or 
the Hedging Entity in connection with such early redemption or settlement, including, without 
limitation, any costs to the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity associated with unwinding any 
funding relating to the Securities, any costs associated with unwinding any related Underlying 
Hedge Transactions, and all other expenses related thereto, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.  
"Early Payment Amount 3" means, if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of each Security (that has not already become due and 
payable) of a particular Series, subject to a minimum of zero, that Security's pro rata share of

--- Page 331 ---
General Conditions 
 
325 
 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the fair market value of the Reference 
Bond Notional Amount (which, if the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain a bid for the 
Reference Bond from a dealer in obligations of the type of the Reference Bond on the Early 
Payment Valuation Date, may be deemed to be zero in accordance with the Calculation Agent's 
internal models and methodologies) plus the fair market value of the Hypothetical Derivative 
for Counterparty A if the value would be positive for Counterparty A or minus the absolute 
value of the fair market value of the Hypothetical Derivative for Counterparty A if the value 
would be negative for Counterparty A, in each case valued on the Early Payment Valuation Date 
and determined, in each case, using its internal models and methodologies by reference to such 
factors as the Calculation Agent may consider to be appropriate including, without limitation: 
(a) 
market prices or values for the Reference Bond, interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps 
and any other relevant economic variables (such as interest rates and, if applicable, 
exchange rates) at the relevant time taking into account the bid or offer prices of the 
underlying(s) (as relevant) in respect of the Hypothetical Derivative; 
(b) 
the remaining term of the Hypothetical Derivative and the Reference Bond had either or 
both remained outstanding until scheduled termination or scheduled maturity or expiry 
and/or any scheduled early redemption or exercise date; 
(c) 
if applicable, accrued interest; 
(d) 
internal pricing models; 
(e) 
prices at which other market participants may bid for financial contracts or instruments 
which are the same as, or similar to, the Hypothetical Derivative and the Reference Bond; 
and 
(f) 
any other information which the Calculation Agent considers to be relevant (but ignoring 
the event which resulted in such early redemption). 
For the purposes of determining the Early Payment Amount 3 payable in connection with an 
Event of Default, an Automatic Acceleration Event (Payment Default) (as defined in General 
Condition 15.3 (Automatic Acceleration Event) or an Automatic Acceleration Event (Delivery 
Default) (as defined in General Condition 15.3 (Automatic Acceleration Event), the 
Hypothetical Derivative shall be valued on the basis that: 
 
Counterparty A is deemed to be a recognised dealer in the relevant derivatives 
market that is performing its obligations under its derivatives; and  
 
the fair market value of the Hypothetical Derivative shall seek to assess either (X) 
the losses and/or costs of Counterparty A that are, or would be, incurred under the 
prevailing circumstances (such fair market value to be expressed as a negative 
number) or (Y) the gains of Counterparty A that are, or would be, realised under 
the prevailing circumstances (such fair market value to be expressed as a positive 
number), in replacing or in providing for Counterparty A the economic equivalent 
of the material terms of the Hypothetical Derivative (assuming that no party has 
defaulted under the Hypothetical Derivative). 
For the purposes of determining the Early Payment Amount 3 payable in any other 
circumstances, the Hypothetical Derivative shall be valued on the basis that: 
(A) 
Counterparty B is deemed to be JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or such other party 
as may be specified as the "Hypothetical Credit Reference" in the relevant Issue 
Terms; and  
(B) 
the fair market value of the Hypothetical Derivative shall seek to assess either (X) 
the losses and/or costs of Counterparty B that are, or would be, incurred under the 
prevailing circumstances (such fair market value to be expressed as a negative 
number) or (Y) the gains of Counterparty B that are, or would be, realised under 
the prevailing circumstances (such fair market value to be expressed as a positive 
number), in replacing or in providing for Counterparty B the economic equivalent

--- Page 332 ---
General Conditions 
 
326 
 
of the material terms of the Hypothetical Derivative (assuming that no party has 
defaulted under the Hypothetical Derivative). 
For the purposes of determining the Early Payment Amount 3, any losses and/or costs of 
Counterparty B shall be treated as gains of Counterparty A and vice versa. 
In respect of any Credit Linked Securities, for the avoidance of doubt, the determination of the 
fair market value of the Hypothetical Derivative will take into account that the Final Redemption 
Amount scheduled to be paid by the Issuer may be a credit-linked payment amount (howsoever 
described or defined) following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date. 
"Early Payment Amount 4" means, if "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of each Security (that has not already become due and 
payable) of a particular Series, subject to a minimum of zero, that Security's pro rata share of 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the fair market value of the Reference 
Bond Notional Amount (which, if the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain a bid for the 
Reference Bond from a dealer in obligations of the type of the Reference Bond on the Early 
Payment Valuation Date, may be deemed to be zero in accordance with the Calculation Agent's 
internal models and methodologies) plus the fair market value of the Hypothetical Derivative 
for Counterparty A if the value would be positive for Counterparty A or minus the absolute 
value of the fair market value of the Hypothetical Derivative for Counterparty A if the value 
would be negative for Counterparty A, in each case valued on the Early Payment Valuation Date 
and determined, in each case, using its internal models and methodologies by reference to such 
factors as the Calculation Agent may consider to be appropriate including, without limitation: 
(a) 
market prices or values for the Reference Bond, interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps 
and any other relevant economic variables (such as interest rates and, if applicable, 
exchange rates) at the relevant time taking into account the bid or offer prices of the 
underlying(s) (as relevant) in respect of the Hypothetical Derivative; 
(b) 
the remaining term of the Hypothetical Derivative and the Reference Bond had either or 
both remained outstanding until scheduled termination or scheduled maturity or expiry 
and/or any scheduled early redemption or exercise date; 
(c) 
if applicable, accrued interest; 
(d) 
internal pricing models; 
(e) 
prices at which other market participants may bid for financial contracts or instruments 
which are the same as, or similar to, the Hypothetical Derivative and the Reference Bond; 
and 
(f) 
any other information which the Calculation Agent considers to be relevant (but ignoring 
the event which resulted in such early redemption), 
provided that such amount shall be adjusted to account for all costs incurred by the Issuer and/or 
the Hedging Entity in connection with such early redemption or settlement, including, without 
limitation, any costs to the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity associated with unwinding any 
funding relating to the Securities, any costs associated with unwinding any related Underlying 
Hedge Transactions, and all other expenses related thereto, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
For the purposes of determining the Early Payment Amount 4 payable in connection with an 
Event of Default, an Automatic Acceleration Event (Payment Default) (as defined in General 
Condition 15.3 (Automatic Acceleration Event) or an Automatic Acceleration Event (Delivery 
Default) (as defined in General Condition 15.3 (Automatic Acceleration Event), the 
Hypothetical Derivative shall be valued on the basis that: 
 
Counterparty A is deemed to be a recognised dealer in the relevant derivatives 
market that is performing its obligations under its derivatives; and

--- Page 333 ---
General Conditions 
 
327 
 
 
the fair market value of the Hypothetical Derivative shall seek to assess either (X) 
the losses and/or costs of Counterparty A that are, or would be, incurred under the 
prevailing circumstances (such fair market value to be expressed as a negative 
number) or (Y) the gains of Counterparty A that are, or would be, realised under 
the prevailing circumstances (such fair market value to be expressed as a positive 
number), in replacing or in providing for Counterparty A the economic equivalent 
of the material terms of the Hypothetical Derivative (assuming that no party has 
defaulted under the Hypothetical Derivative). 
For the purposes of determining the Early Payment Amount 4 payable in any other 
circumstances, the Hypothetical Derivative shall be valued on the basis that: 
(A) 
Counterparty B is deemed to be JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or such other party 
as may be specified as the "Hypothetical Credit Reference" in the relevant Issue 
Terms; and  
(B) 
the fair market value of the Hypothetical Derivative shall seek to assess either (X) 
the losses and/or costs of Counterparty B that are, or would be, incurred under the 
prevailing circumstances (such fair market value to be expressed as a negative 
number) or (Y) the gains of Counterparty B that are, or would be, realised under 
the prevailing circumstances (such fair market value to be expressed as a positive 
number), in replacing or in providing for Counterparty B the economic equivalent 
of the material terms of the Hypothetical Derivative (assuming that no party has 
defaulted under the Hypothetical Derivative). 
For the purposes of determining the Early Payment Amount 4, any losses and/or costs of 
Counterparty B shall be treated as gains of Counterparty A and vice versa. 
In respect of any Credit Linked Securities, for the avoidance of doubt, the determination of the 
fair market value of the Hypothetical Derivative will take into account that the Final Redemption 
Amount scheduled to be paid by the Issuer may be a credit-linked payment amount (howsoever 
described or defined) following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date. 
"Early Payment Valuation Date" means: (i) any date during the Early Payment Valuation 
Period designated as such by the Calculation Agent and notified by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer and the Relevant Programme Agent; or (ii) if the Calculation Agent has not so designated 
any date, the final day of the Early Payment Valuation Period. 
"Early Payment Valuation Period" means a period of 10 Business Days from, and including: 
(a) 
in the case of a Reference Obligor Event, the date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that such Reference Obligor Event has occurred; 
(b) 
in the case of a Static Collateral Event, the date on which such Static Collateral Event 
occurred; 
(c) 
in the case of a Collateral Agreements Termination Event with respect to a Series of 
Securities, the date falling 10 Business Days immediately preceding the date fixed for 
the early redemption or termination of the relevant Securities; 
(d) 
in the case of a Termination Event, the date falling 10 Business Days immediately 
preceding the final day of the Termination Event Notice Period, such final day being the 
date fixed for the early redemption or termination of the Securities; 
(e) 
in the case of an Event of Default, the date on which written notice is given by the Holder 
of the relevant Security to the relevant Issuer and the Relevant Programme Agent in 
accordance with General Condition 15.2 (Consequences of an Event of Default) 
declaring such Security to become due and payable following the occurrence of such 
Event of Default; 
(f) 
in the case of an Automatic Acceleration Event (Payment Default) or an Automatic 
Acceleration Event (Delivery Default) (each as defined in General Condition 15.3

--- Page 334 ---
General Conditions 
 
328 
 
(Automatic Acceleration Event)), the date on which such Automatic Acceleration Event 
(Payment Default) or Automatic Acceleration Event (Delivery Default) occurred;  
(g) 
in the case of an Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event, the date falling 10 Business 
Days immediately preceding the date fixed for the early redemption or termination of the 
Securities; 
(h) 
in the case of a Tax Termination Event, the date falling 10 Business Days immediately 
preceding the final day of the Tax Termination Event Notice Period, such final day being 
the date fixed for the early redemption or termination of the Securities; 
(i) 
in the case of the Securities becoming redeemable or terminable pursuant to General 
Condition 20.4 (Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation – Additional 
Amounts/Underlying Hedge Transactions), the date falling 10 Business Days 
immediately preceding the date fixed for the early redemption or termination of the 
Securities; 
(j) 
if the Share Linked Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in the case of the Securities becoming redeemable pursuant to Share Linked Provision 
5(c), 6(b), 7.1(b), 7.2(b), the date falling 10 Business Days immediately preceding the 
date fixed for the early redemption of the Securities; 
(k) 
if the Index Linked Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in the case of the Securities becoming redeemable pursuant to Index Linked Provision 
4.2, 5(b) or 7, the date falling 10 Business Days immediately preceding the date fixed 
for the early redemption of the Securities; 
(l) 
if the Commodity Linked Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in the case of the Securities becoming redeemable pursuant to Commodity 
Linked Provision 1.3(d), 2, 3, 7(d), 8, 11(b) or 13, the date falling 10 Business Days 
immediately preceding the date fixed for the early redemption of the Securities; 
(m) 
if the FX Linked Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
the case of the Securities becoming redeemable pursuant to FX Linked Provision 1.5, 
5(b), 6(b) or 8, the date falling 10 Business Days immediately preceding the date fixed 
for the early redemption of the Securities; 
(n) 
if the Credit Linked Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in the case of the Securities becoming redeemable pursuant to Credit Linked Provision 
11, the date falling 10 Business Days immediately preceding the date fixed for the early 
redemption of the Securities;  
(o) 
if the Fund Linked Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in the case of the Securities becoming redeemable pursuant to Fund Linked Provision 
5(c) or 6(b), the date falling 10 Business Days immediately preceding the date fixed for 
the early redemption of the Securities; or 
(p) 
in the case of any other event upon which a Security is to be redeemed prior to its 
scheduled maturity or redemption date, and which is not covered in paragraphs (a) to (o) 
above, the date falling 10 Business Days immediately preceding the date fixed for early 
redemption of such Security, save for if the Calculation Agent determines the context 
does not allow, in which case it shall be such date as the Calculation Agent reasonably 
determines. 
"Early Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions. 
"Early Redemption Date" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions. 
"Early Redemption Event" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions. 
"Early Redemption Valuation Date" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions.

--- Page 335 ---
General Conditions 
 
329 
 
"EC Treaty" means the Consolidated Version of the Treaty on European Union 2012 C326. 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Rate of Interest or Floating Rate Coupon (as 
applicable) to be determined on an Interest Determination Date or Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date (as applicable), the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the first day of the Interest Period or Floating Rate Coupon Period (as 
applicable) to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
"Eligible Investor Certification" means, with respect to: 
 
Rule 144A Securities, the certification by a Holder included in an Exercise Notice and 
Reference Asset Transfer Notice to the effect that it is an Eligible Investor, including, 
among other things, it is (i) a QIB, (ii) in relation to Securities issued by JPMSP, a QP, 
(iii) an ECP and (iv) in relation to Securities issued by JPMSP either (a) a MUSIV or (b) 
a Qualified Offshore Client, and that it is able to make the representations, warranties, 
acknowledgments and agreements required in the relevant Investor Letter of 
Representations as of the certification date and as of the date the underlying Reference 
Assets are delivered to it or by it or the Settlement Amount, Exercise Amount or 
Redemption Amount is paid to it or by it, as the case may be; and 
 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities, either (a) each of the certifications required in (i) 
above or (b) a Non-U.S. Certification, as applicable. 
"Eligible Investors" are transferees of Securities satisfying (or who upon transfer of Securities 
shall satisfy) each of the terms set forth in General Condition 2.3(a)(iii) (Rule 144A Securities) 
or General Condition 2.3(a)(iv) (Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities) in connection with any 
transfer and holding of such Securities. 
"Equity Certification" means, in respect of Physical Settlement and a Reference Asset Transfer 
Notice, certain representations with respect to Shares as set out in the form of the Reference 
Asset Transfer Notice set out in the Agency Agreement (and which may be obtained during 
normal business hours from the specified office of the Relevant Programme Agent). 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Community 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 
of the Treaty. 
"EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
"EURIBOR" means the Euro Interbank Offered Rate. 
"euro", "EUR" and "€" means the lawful single currency of the member states of the European 
Union that have adopted and continue to retain a common single currency through monetary 
union in accordance with European Union treaty law (as amended from time to time). 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV or any successor or replacement thereto. 
"Euroclear France" means Euroclear France S.A. or any successor or replacement thereto. 
"Euroclear France Account Holder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold, directly or indirectly, accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, 
and includes Euroclear and the depository bank for Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
"European Style" has the meaning given in General Condition 11.1(a) (Exercise Style and 
Period). 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended.

--- Page 336 ---
General Conditions 
 
330 
 
"Event of Default" has the meaning given in General Condition 15.1 (Occurrence of Event of 
Default). 
"Exchange Act" means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Security, the day falling after the 
expiry of 40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Security, a day 
falling not less than 60 days, or in the case of failure to pay principal, the redemption amount or 
settlement amount in respect of any Securities when due, 30 days, after the day on which the 
notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which 
the specified office of the Relevant Programme Agent is located and in the city in which the 
Relevant Clearing System is located. 
"Exercise Amount" means, in the case of Warrants for which Issuer Physical Settlement is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the amount payable by the intended 
recipient of the Issuer Physical Settlement Amount upon exercise of such Warrants, as specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Exercise Date" means the day during the Exercise Period on which a Security is, or is deemed 
to be, exercised in accordance with the General Conditions. 
"Exercise Notice" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants other than Warrants which are German Securities, a notice 
(substantially in the form provided by the Relevant Programme Agent), with any such 
amendments as the Issuer may specify, and which shall: 
 
specify the number of Warrants of each Series or Tranche being exercised and, if 
applicable, attach the Warrants in definitive form being exercised; 
 
specify the number of the Holder's account at the Relevant Clearing System(s) (if 
applicable) to be debited with the Warrants being exercised; 
 
irrevocably instruct the Relevant Clearing System(s), or the Relevant Programme 
Agent in the case of Warrants in definitive form, to debit on or before the 
Settlement Date the account of the relevant Holder with the Warrants being 
exercised and to credit the account of the Relevant Programme Agent; 
 
if the Warrants are to be, or may be, settled by Issuer Physical Settlement, include 
an irrevocable undertaking to pay the Exercise Amount on or prior to the relevant 
Settlement Date; 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants which are German Securities, a notice pursuant to General 
Condition 31.9 (Notices by Holders of German Securities) which also meets the 
requirements of paragraph (a)(iv) above. 
"Exercise Period" means, in respect of: 
(a) 
Securities designated in the relevant Issue Terms as "American Style", in respect of (i) 
Securities to which the Share Linked Provisions, the Index Linked Provisions and/or the 
Fund Linked Provisions apply, all Scheduled Trading Days from, and including, the Issue 
Date to, and including, the Expiration Date, and (ii) all other Securities, the period from, 
and including, the Issue Date and to, and including, the Expiration Date; 
(b) 
Securities designated in the relevant Issue Terms as "European Style", the Expiration 
Date; and 
(c) 
Securities designated in the relevant Issue Terms as "Bermudan Style", each Potential 
Exercise Date and the Expiration Date, 
in each case, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 337 ---
General Conditions 
 
331 
 
"Expenses" means all expenses, costs, charges, levies, tax, duties, withholding, deductions or 
other payments including without limitation, all depository, custodial, registration, transaction 
and exercise charges and all stamp, issues, registration or, securities transfer or other similar 
taxes or duties incurred by the Issuer and/or a Hedging Entity in respect of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities. 
"Expiration Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that 
if "Expiration Date subject to Valuation Date adjustment" is stated to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, then the provisions of the Reference Asset Linked Conditions specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms shall apply to the Expiration Date as if such date 
were a Valuation Date (as defined in the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions). 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held 
in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the principal 
amount (in the case of Notes) or number outstanding held (in the case of Warrants or 
Certificates) of the Securities represented and voting at such meeting. A resolution in writing 
signed or electronically approved using the systems and procedures in place from time to time 
of a Relevant Clearing System by or on behalf of 75 per cent. or more of Holders of Securities, 
by reference to the aggregate principal amount at the time outstanding (in the case of Notes) or 
the number of Securities outstanding (in the case of Warrants and Certificates), who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting shall for all purposes be as valid and effective 
as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of the Holders of the Securities. Such 
resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the relevant Holders of Securities or may be in 
the form of SWIFT or other electronic instructions as permitted by the rules and procedures of 
the Relevant Clearing System, and in each case the date of such resolution shall be the date that 
such 75 per cent. majority is reached. 
"FATCA" means (a) Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code or any associated regulations or other 
official guidance; (b) any treaty, law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any other 
jurisdiction, or relating to an intergovernmental agreement between the U.S. and any other 
jurisdiction, which (in either case) facilitates the implementation of clause (a) above; or (c) any 
agreement pursuant to the implementation of clauses (a) or (b) above with a taxing authority in 
any jurisdiction. 
"FDIC" has the meaning given in General Condition 3.1(b) (Status of Guarantee). 
"Final Redemption Amount" means: 
(a) 
if "Minimum Redemption Amount (Notes)" is not specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the Payout Conditions; or 
(b) 
if "Minimum Redemption Amount (Notes)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the greater of (i) the Security Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the Payout Conditions and (ii) the Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Notes), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Final Terms" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in 
respect of an Interest Payment Date. 
"Fixed Rate Coupon" means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the rate specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Fixed Rate Coupon Certificates" means any Certificates in respect of which the "Fixed Rate 
Coupon Certificate Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Fixed Rate Notes" means any Notes in respect of which "Fixed Rate Accrual Provisions", 
"Fixed Coupon Amount Provisions" or, in respect of Notes which are Credit Linked Securities,

--- Page 338 ---
General Conditions 
 
332 
 
"Fixed Rate Note Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms in 
respect of each Interest Period for which such provisions apply. 
"Floating Rate Coupon" means, in respect of Floating Rate Coupon Certificates, the rate of 
interest that is calculated in accordance with Condition 8.2(b) (Determination of Floating Rate 
Coupon) or, in the circumstance where Condition 8.2(c) (Consequences of an Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event) applies pursuant to the 
Reference Asset Linked Coupon Provisions, the relevant Contingent Floating Rate. 
"Floating Rate Coupon Certificates" means any Certificates in respect of which the 
"Certificate Floating Rate Coupon Provisions" are expressed to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Floating Rate Coupon Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as 
may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, the Floating Rate 
Coupon Commencement Date may be specified to occur prior to the Issue Date; in such case, 
the accrual of interest on the Securities shall be conditional on the issuance of the Securities. 
"Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date" means, with respect to a Floating Rate Coupon 
and a Floating Rate Coupon Period, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(a) 
subject where any of (b), (c) or (d) below applies: 
 
the first day of such Floating Rate Coupon Period if the Specified Currency is 
Sterling; 
 
the day falling two TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the first day of such 
Floating Rate Coupon Period if the Specified Currency is euro; 
 
the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to 
the first day of such Floating Rate Coupon Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor euro; 
(b) 
where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the date on which 
the applicable rate is determined in accordance with the applicable Floating Rate Option 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and: 
 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination) is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the fifth day on which commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London prior to the Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date 
in respect of each Floating Rate Coupon Period; or  
 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index Determination) is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date in 
respect of the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period;  
(d) 
where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and: 
 
Index Determination is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Date in respect of each Floating Rate Coupon Period; or  
 
Index Determination is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date in respect of each Floating 
Rate Coupon Period;

--- Page 339 ---
General Conditions 
 
333 
 
(e) 
where TONA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "p" 
Business Days prior to the Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date of the relevant 
Floating Rate Coupon Period; or 
(f) 
where €STR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "p" 
TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date in 
respect of each Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
"Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, and if such date is not a Business Day, such date shall be adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention, provided that:  
 
where "Early Redemption" or "Daily Observation Early Redemption" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that an Early 
Redemption Event has occurred on an Early Redemption Valuation Date or that a Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred (as applicable), the Floating Rate 
Coupon Payment Date falling or scheduled to fall on (or, if none, the Floating Rate 
Coupon Payment Date immediately preceding) the relevant Early Redemption Date in 
respect of such Early Redemption Event or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date 
in respect of such Daily Observation Early Redemption Event (as applicable) shall be 
the final Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date (and there shall be no further Floating Rate 
Coupon Payment Dates); or  
 
where "Call Option" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Issuer 
exercises its rights (in the case of Notes) under General Condition 5.1 (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer) or (in the case of Certificates) under General Condition 9.1 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) to redeem the Securities on an Optional 
Redemption Date, there shall be no Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date subsequent to 
such Optional Redemption Date. 
"Floating Rate Coupon Period" means the period from, and including, the Floating Rate 
Coupon Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date 
and each successive period from, and including, a Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date to, 
but excluding, the next succeeding Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date and if the relevant 
Issue Terms specify that the Floating Rate Coupon Periods, or particular Floating Rate Coupon 
Periods shall be: 
(a) 
"Adjusted", then each Floating Rate Coupon Period shall commence on or end on, as the 
case may be, the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date after all applicable 
adjustments to such Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date pursuant to the Conditions, or 
(b) 
"Unadjusted", then each Floating Rate Coupon Period shall commence on or end on, as 
the case may be, the date on which the relevant Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date is 
scheduled to fall, disregarding all applicable adjustments to such Floating Rate Coupon 
Payment Date pursuant to the Conditions. 
"Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, each Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date (provided that, 
in the case of SONIA Floating Rate Determination, SOFR Floating Rate Determination, TONA 
Floating Rate Determination, €STR Floating Rate Determination or any other Compounded 
RFR or Compounded Index, in the event that the Securities are redeemed early other than on a 
scheduled date for redemption (and on a date that would otherwise not be a Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Date), the final Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date shall be the final 
payment date under the Securities).  
"Floating Rate Notes" means any Notes in respect of which the "Floating Rate Note Provisions" 
are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of each Interest Period for 
which such provisions apply. 
"French Bearer Securities" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(a)(ii) (French 
Bearer Securities).

--- Page 340 ---
General Conditions 
 
334 
 
"French Certificates" means any Certificates which are specified to be French Bearer 
Securities (au porteur) or French Registered Securities in a registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif), as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"French Notes" means any Notes which are specified to be French Bearer Securities (au 
porteur) or French Registered Securities in a registered dematerialised form (au nominatif), as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"French Programme Agent" means BNP Paribas S.A., or any successor or additional agent 
appointed in connection with the relevant French Securities in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement. 
"French Registered Securities" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(ii)(French 
Registered Securities). 
"French Registration Agent" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(ii) (French 
Registered Securities). 
"French Securities" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(ii) (French Registered 
Securities). 
"French Warrants" means any Warrants which are specified to be French Securities in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Fund" and "Funds" have the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions. 
"Fund Linked Provisions" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Fund Linked Securities" means any Securities in respect of which the "Fund Linked 
Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"FX Linked Provisions" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"FX Linked Securities" means any Securities in respect of which the "FX Linked Provisions" 
are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"General Conditions" means these General Conditions. 
"General Meeting" has the meaning given in General Condition 28.3 (Meetings of Holders of 
French Notes (Masse)). 
"German Programme Agent" means BNP Paribas S.A., Germany Branch or any successor or 
additional agent appointed in connection with the relevant German Securities in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement. 
"German Securities" means Bearer Securities which are governed by German law. 
"Global Bearer Note" means a Bearer Note in global form. 
"Global Certificates" means Certificates in global form. 
"Global Notes" means Notes in global form. 
"Global Security" means a Security in global form representing interests in Securities, and 
"Global Securities" shall be construed accordingly. 
"Global Warrants" means Warrants in global form. 
"Guarantee" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction).  
"Guarantor" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction).

--- Page 341 ---
General Conditions 
 
335 
 
"Hedging Entity" means each of the Issuer and any affiliate(s) of the Issuer and any entity (or 
entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer engaged in any underlying or hedging transactions 
relating to the Securities and/or Reference Assets in respect of the Issuer's obligations under the 
Securities. 
"Holder" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.2 (Title). 
"Hypothetical Derivative" means a hypothetical derivative transaction between two financial 
counterparties (respectively "Counterparty A" and "Counterparty B") under which: 
(a) 
Counterparty A makes payment to Counterparty B of amounts equal to the payments of 
principal and interest that are scheduled to be paid by the Reference Obligor on an 
aggregate amount of the Reference Bond equal to the Reference Bond Notional Amount; 
(b) 
Counterparty B makes payment to Counterparty A of amounts equal to the Final 
Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early 
Payment Amount, Residual Cash Amount, Redemption Amount, Settlement Amount, 
Coupon Amounts, Fixed Coupon Amounts, Certificate Fixed Coupon Amounts, Interest 
Amounts, Lock-in Coupon Amounts, Memory Amounts, Previous Coupon Amounts 
and/or Specified Coupon Amounts (as applicable) scheduled to be paid by the Issuer 
and/or amounts equal to the Reference Asset Amount (as applicable) scheduled to be 
delivered by the Issuer, on the Securities Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Securities. 
For the purposes of determining whether a payment date or amount is "scheduled" to be paid by 
the Reference Obligor on the Reference Bond or by the Issuer on the Securities, such 
determination shall be made (i) by reference to the terms of the Reference Bond or Securities 
(as applicable) as at the Observation Start Date; (ii) assuming no deduction for or on account of 
any withholding tax, back-up withholding or other tax, duties or charges of whatever nature 
imposed by any authority of any jurisdiction and (iii) assuming that scheduled amounts, as 
applicable, will be payable on the Reference Bond or Securities until the scheduled maturity 
date of the Reference Bond or Securities (as applicable) and not take into account any early 
redemption of the Reference Bond or Securities (as applicable).  
"Index Cessation/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Securities and a Reference Rate 
(each, the "Applicable Rate") , the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Applicable Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Applicable 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Applicable Rate; 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Applicable Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Applicable 
Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Applicable 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Applicable 
Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Applicable Rate, which states that the administrator of the 
Applicable Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the Applicable Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Applicable Rate; or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of such Applicable Rate announcing that the regulatory supervisor has 
determined that such Applicable Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date will 
no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such 
Applicable Rate is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored. 
"Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current relevant Applicable Rate:

--- Page 342 ---
General Conditions 
 
336 
 
(a) 
in the case of paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "Index Cessation/Benchmark 
Event", the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of the Applicable Rate 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Applicable Rate; or 
(b) 
in the case of paragraph (c) of the definition of "Index Cessation/Benchmark Event", the 
later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (ii) the date on which the Applicable Rate ceases to be representative by 
reference to the most recent public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein or, if earlier, the date the Applicable Rate is no longer provided. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event 
Effective Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the relevant time in respect of any 
determination, the Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the relevant time for such determination. 
"Index Linked Provisions" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Index Linked Securities" means any Securities in respect of which the "Index Linked 
Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Instalment Amount" means: 
(a) 
where the "Credit Linked Provisions" are not specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, each amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
(b) 
where the "Credit Linked Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, each amount specified as such in the Credit Linked Provisions. 
"Instalment Date" means: 
(a) 
where the "Credit Linked Provisions" are not specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
(b) 
where the "Credit Linked Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, each date specified as such in the Credit Linked Provisions. 
"Interest Amount" for a period or an Interest Payment Date, means in respect of: 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Notes other than Credit Linked Securities, 
 
in respect of which the Fixed Rate Accrual Provisions are applicable, the amount 
determined in accordance with General Condition 4.1(a) (Fixed Rate Accrual); 
and 
 
in respect of which the Fixed Coupon Amounts are applicable, the Fixed Coupon 
Amount determined in accordance with General Condition 4.1(b) (Fixed Coupon 
Amount); 
(b) 
Credit Linked Securities that are Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes, the amount 
of interest payable for such period or on the Interest Payment Date determined in 
accordance with Credit Linked Provision 1.6 (Interest Provisions in respect of a Single 
Name CLN), Credit Linked Provision 2.2 (Interest Provisions in respect of a Credit Index 
Untranched CLN) or Credit Linked Provision 3.2 (Interest Provisions in respect of a 
Credit Index Tranched CLN) (as applicable);  
(c) 
Floating Rate Notes other than Credit Linked Securities, the amount of interest payable 
for such period or on the Interest Payment Date determined in accordance with General 
Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes); and  
(d) 
Reference Asset Linked Coupon Notes, the Coupon Amount as defined in General 
Condition 4.3 (Reference Asset Linked Coupon Notes).

--- Page 343 ---
General Conditions 
 
337 
 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, the Interest Commencement Date may 
be specified to occur prior to the Issue Date; in such case, the accrual of interest on the Notes 
shall be conditional on the issuance of the Notes. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period, 
unless otherwise provided in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(a) 
subject where any of (b), (c) or (d) below applies: 
 
the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling; 
 
the day falling two TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period if the Specified Currency is euro; 
 
the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling 
nor euro; 
(b) 
where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the date on which 
the applicable rate is determined in accordance with the applicable Floating Rate Option 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and: 
 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination) is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the fifth day on which commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London prior to the Interest Period End Date in respect of 
each Interest Period, or  
 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index Determination) is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Period End Date in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(d) 
where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and: 
 
Index Determination is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Period 
End Date in respect of each Interest Period; or  
 
Index Determination is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the Interest Period End Date in respect of each Interest Period; 
(e) 
where TONA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "p" 
Business Days prior to the Interest Period End Date of the relevant Interest Period; or 
(f) 
where €STR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "p" 
TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the Interest Period End Date in respect of each 
Interest Period. 
"Interest Payment Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (which 
date shall be adjusted in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention if so specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms), provided that (i) where "Early Redemption" or "Daily Observation 
Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Early Redemption Event has occurred on an Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or that a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred (as 
applicable), the Interest Payment Date falling or scheduled to fall on (or, if none, the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding) the relevant Early Redemption Date in respect of such 
Early Redemption Event or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date in respect of such Daily

--- Page 344 ---
General Conditions 
 
338 
 
Observation Early Redemption Event (as applicable) shall be the final Interest Payment Date 
(and there shall be no further Interest Payment Dates), or (ii) where "Call Option" is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Issuer exercises its rights (in the case of 
Notes) under General Condition 5.1 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or (in the case of 
Certificates) under General Condition 9.1 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) to redeem 
the Securities on an Optional Redemption Date, there shall be no Interest Payment Date 
subsequent to such Optional Redemption Date. 
"Interest Period" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the period 
from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Period 
End Date and each successive period from, and including, an Interest Period End Date to, but 
excluding, the next succeeding Interest Period End Date.  
"Interest Period End Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, 
if none is so specified, each Interest Payment Date and if the relevant Issue Terms specify, in 
respect of such Interest Period End Date: (a) "Adjusted", such Interest Period End Date shall be 
adjusted in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention if so specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms; or (b) "Unadjusted", such Interest Period End Date shall not be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention (provided that, in the case of 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination, SOFR Floating Rate Determination, TONA Floating Rate 
Determination, €STR Floating Rate Determination or any other Compounded RFR or 
Compounded Index, in the event that the Securities are redeemed early other than on a scheduled 
date for redemption (and on a date that would otherwise not be an Interest Period End Date), the 
final Interest Period End Date shall be the final payment date under the Securities).  
"Intermediated Securities" means Swiss Securities which are either issued in uncertificated 
form as uncertificated securities (einfache Wertrechte) pursuant to article 973c of the Swiss 
Code of Obligations (Obligationenrecht) or represented by a Global Security that is deposited 
with SIX SIS and entered into the securities accounts of one or more participants of SIX SIS, 
therefore, constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) within the meaning of the Swiss 
Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). 
"Intervening Period" has the meaning given in General Condition 14.5 (Settlement Disruption 
Event). 
"Investor Letter of Representations" means a letter in the form provided by the relevant dealer 
entered into with the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor, the relevant arranger and 
the relevant dealer in relation to the purchase of (as they case may be) Rule 144A Securities 
which are Warrants or Certificates, Rule 144A Notes if such Notes have been exchanged for 
Securities in definitive form or are being held as Securities in definitive form, Regulation S/Rule 
144A Securities or CREST CDI Securities, in each case for the benefit of the Dealer, the relevant 
arranger (if any), the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor (together with their respective 
affiliates and control persons). 
"ISDA Definitions" means (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any successor thereto ("ISDA"), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Series of Securities (the "2006 Definitions"), or (ii) if "2021 
ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, and the latest version of each Matrix (as defined 
therein), published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Securities (the "2021 
Definitions"). 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions on or after the occurrence of an Index Cessation Effective Date (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) (which definition is substantively the same as "Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective Date") with respect to a Discontinued Reference Rate 
(or, where the Discontinued Reference Rate is a Compounded RFR, with respect to the RFR 
referenced in such Compounded RFR) for the applicable tenor, where applicable.

--- Page 345 ---
General Conditions 
 
339 
 
"ISDA Rate" has the meaning given in (a) General Condition 4.2(b)(i) (ISDA Determination 
for Rate of Interest) in respect of Floating Rate Notes and (b) General Condition 8.2(b)(i) (ISDA 
Determination for Floating Rate Coupon) for Floating Rate Coupon Certificates. 
"Issue Date" means the date on which the relevant Securities are issued, as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Issue Price" means the price specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Issue Terms" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Issuer Physical Settlement" means the delivery of the Issuer Physical Settlement Amount by 
the Issuer to the Holder against payment by the Holder of the Exercise Amount to the Issuer as 
provided in General Condition 11.3(d) (Issuer Physical Settlement). 
"Issuer Physical Settlement Amount" means one Share or such other number of Shares as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Italian Certificates" means any Certificates specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and 
for which it is intended to seek the admission to trading on the multilateral trading facility of 
securitised derivatives financial instruments organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
("SeDeX (MTF)") or the multilateral trading facility EuroTLX ("EuroTLX") organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A (each, an "Italian MTF"), as the case may be. 
"Joint Representative" has the meaning given in General Condition 28.1(e)(v). 
"JPMSP" means J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. 
"Latest Exercise Time" means in each case the Exercise Notice shall be delivered: 
(a) 
in the case of "American Style" Warrants, not later than 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on any 
Scheduled Trading Day during the relevant Exercise Period; 
(b) 
in the case of "Bermudan Style" Warrants, not later than 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on any 
Potential Exercise Date during the relevant Exercise Period; or 
(c) 
in the case of "European Style" Warrants, not later than 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the 
Expiration Date. 
"LIBOR" means the London inter-bank offered rate for deposits in Sterling. 
"Linked Holders" means, in relation to any Collateral Pool, the Holders of the Linked Series 
of Securities in respect of such Collateral Pool. 
"Linked Holders' Resolution" means, in relation to the Linked Series of Securities for a 
particular Collateral Pool, a resolution passed at one or more duly convened meetings of Linked 
Holders held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority representing at least 75 
per cent. in aggregate principal amount (in the case of Notes) or number outstanding held (in 
the case of Warrants or Certificates) of the Linked Series of Securities (other than any Series of 
Securities in respect of which all claims of Secured Parties arising in respect of such Series of 
Securities have been satisfied in full), as determined by the Security Trustee (based on written 
notification(s) provided to the Security Trustee by or on behalf of the Principal Programme 
Agent of the votes given at such duly convened meeting(s) or approved by way of written 
resolution in respect of such Series of Securities) and notified in writing to the Security Trustee 
(and, for such purposes, if the Linked Series of Securities are denominated in more than one 
currency, then in order to ascertain whether the percentage threshold for such resolution has 
been met, the Security Trustee will apply the WM/Refinitiv closing spot rates (published on the 
WMCO ticker under Bloomberg) on the Business Day (as defined in the Security Deed) 
immediately prior to the date of such resolution for the relevant currency versus USD (as 
determined, and notified to the Security Trustee, by the Principal Programme Agent in 
accordance with, and subject to, clause 12.1 of the Agency Agreement) (or if such rate is not 
available on the relevant Business Day, the rate most recently published prior to such Business

--- Page 346 ---
General Conditions 
 
340 
 
Day) to the principal amount (in the case of Notes) or number outstanding held (in the case of 
Warrants or Certificates) of the Series of Securities). A resolution in writing signed or 
electronically approved using the systems and procedures in place from time to time of a 
Relevant Clearing System by or on behalf of 75 per cent. or more of Linked Holders, by 
reference to their aggregate principal amount (in the case of Notes) or the number of Securities 
outstanding (in the case of Warrants and Certificates) of the Linked Series of Securities (other 
than any Series of Securities in respect of which all claims of Secured Parties arising in respect 
of such Series of Securities have been satisfied in full), as determined by the Security Trustee 
(based on written notification(s) provided to the Security Trustee by the Principal Programme 
Agent of the votes given at such duly convened meeting(s) or approved by way of written 
resolution in respect of such Series of Securities) and notified in writing to the Security Trustee 
(and, for such purposes, if the Linked Series of Securities are denominated in more than one 
currency, then in order to ascertain whether the percentage threshold for such resolution has 
been met, the Security Trustee will apply the WM/ Refinitiv closing spot rates (published on the 
WMCO ticker under Bloomberg) on the Business Day immediately prior to the date of such 
resolution for the relevant currency versus USD (as determined, and notified to the Security 
Trustee, by the Principal Programme Agent in accordance with, and subject to, clause 12.1 of 
the Agency Agreement) (or if such rate is not available on the relevant Business Day, the rate 
most recently published prior to such Business Day) to the principal amount (in the case of 
Notes) or number outstanding held (in the case of Warrants or Certificates) of the Series of 
Securities), who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting(s) shall for all 
purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at such meeting(s) of 
the Linked Holders. Such resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in several 
documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the relevant Linked 
Holders or may be in the form of SWIFT or other electronic instructions as permitted by the 
rules and procedures of the Relevant Clearing System, and in each case the date of such 
resolution shall be the date that such 75 per cent. majority is reached. For such purposes, the 
Security Trustee shall accept and rely on (without liability to any person) any information or 
notice provided to it by the Principal Programme Agent without further investigation or 
verification. Notwithstanding the above, if, in respect of a Series of Securities, resolutions of 
Holders are made in a different manner than for English law governed Securities (including 
where such resolutions are made in accordance with any applicable national laws), a resolution 
passed in accordance with the prescribed manner and that binds all Holders of such Series of 
Securities shall for purposes of the above be treated as a resolution passed at one or more duly 
convened meetings of Linked Holders. 
"Linked Series of Securities" means, in relation to any Collateral Pool, any Securities issued 
or to be issued by the same Issuer where the relevant Issue Terms thereof specify such Collateral 
Pool. 
"Local Time" means the local time in the city of the Relevant Clearing System(s). 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any calendar day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) 
on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
"Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Margining Release Notice" means, in respect of any Due and Payable Margined Securities, a 
notice, substantially in the form set out in Schedule 5 of the relevant Security Deed, from the 
Security Trustee to the Collateral Custodian (UK) or the Collateral Custodian (Lux), as 
applicable, copying the Issuer, the Principal Programme Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Collateral Provider confirming to the Collateral Custodian (Lux) or the Collateral Custodian 
(UK), as applicable, that such Due and Payable Margined Securities have been redeemed in full 
and there is no continuing dispute in relation thereto. 
"Masse" has the meaning given in General Condition 28.3 (Meetings of Holders of French Notes 
(Masse)). 
"Material Methodology Change Event" has the meaning given in the definition of 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" above.

--- Page 347 ---
General Conditions 
 
341 
 
"Master Collateral Monitoring Terms" means the Master Collateral Monitoring Terms 
identified in the relevant Constituting Instrument setting out the terms pursuant to which the 
Collateral Provider, the Security Trustee and the Collateral Monitoring Agent have agreed to 
act under the collateral monitoring agreement in respect of the relevant Collateral Pool, as may 
be amended and/or supplemented by the Constituting Instrument relating to such Collateral 
Pool. 
"Master Custody Terms" means the Master Custody Terms identified in the relevant 
Constituting Instrument setting out the terms pursuant to which the Issuer, the Collateral 
Provider, the Security Trustee, the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and the Collateral Custodian 
(UK) have agreed to act under the non-triparty custody agreement in respect of the relevant 
Collateral Pool, as may be amended and/or supplemented by the Constituting Instrument 
relating to such Collateral Pool. 
"Master Security Terms" means the Master Security Terms identified in the relevant 
Constituting Instrument setting out the terms pursuant to which the Issuer, the Collateral 
Provider and the Security Trustee have agreed to act under the security deed in respect of the 
relevant Collateral Pool, as may be amended and/or supplemented by the Constituting 
Instrument relating to such Collateral Pool. 
"Master Triparty Account Control Terms" means the Master Triparty Account Control 
Terms identified in the relevant Constituting Instrument setting out the terms pursuant to which 
the Collateral Custodian (UK), the Security Trustee and the Collateral Provider have agreed to 
act under the triparty account control agreement in respect of the relevant Collateral Pool, as 
may be amended and/or supplemented by the Constituting Instrument relating to such Collateral 
Pool. 
"Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, and such date 
may be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Maximum Exercise Number" means the maximum number of Securities which may be 
exercised on any Exercise Date as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Maximum Floating Rate Coupon" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Maximum Instalment Amount" means each amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Minimum Exercise Number" means the minimum number of Securities which may be 
exercised on any Exercise Date as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Minimum Floating Rate Coupon" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Minimum Instalment Amount" means each amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" means the amount (if any) of any portion (or the entirety, 
as applicable) of the Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Security Redemption 
Amount (as applicable) payable by the Issuer on the Scheduled Product Repayment Date which 
is a known amount, and/or which amount may be determined with certainty, at the time of 
issuance of the Securities on the Issue Date, and which is payable on the Scheduled Product 
Repayment Date without being subject to any condition or dependent on the level, rate, price, 
value, net asset value or other measure of performance of one or more Reference Assets or on 
any other variable which is not known with certainty at the time of issuance of the Securities on 
the Issue Date (such amount, a "Determinable Amount"), provided that any amount, which

--- Page 348 ---
General Conditions 
 
342 
 
prior to conversion to another currency at a foreign exchange rate, is a Determinable Amount, 
shall be deemed to be a Minimum Redemption Amount, after giving effect to the conversion 
into such other currency. The Minimum Redemption Amount is in relation to the payment of 
cash only (in any currency), and excludes any asset which may be physically delivered to the 
Holders. The Minimum Redemption Amount (save for any subsequent foreign exchange 
conversion of a Determinable Amount, as described in the first sentence hereof) will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent at the time of issuance of the Securities on the Issue Date, 
and shall be unaffected by any subsequent default, adjustment, postponement or other event in 
relation to the Securities or the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Securities which was 
not in effect and not known at the time of issuance of the Securities on the Issue Date (or in the 
case of any subsequent Tranche of a Series, the Issue Date of the original Tranche of that Series), 
save that any subsequent amendment to the Conditions pertaining to the Minimum Redemption 
Amount portion (if any) of the Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Security 
Redemption Amount (as applicable) will amend the "Minimum Redemption Amount" 
accordingly. For the avoidance of doubt, where "Minimum Redemption Amount (Notes)" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, such amount shall comprise the 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" save that if the "Minimum Redemption Amount" would 
otherwise comprise a greater amount than the "Minimum Redemption Amount (Notes)" such 
greater amount shall be deemed to be the "Minimum Redemption Amount". 
For such purpose, "Scheduled Product Repayment Date" means (i) in the case of Notes, the 
date specified as the Maturity Date in the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) in the case of 
Certificates, the date specified as the Redemption Date in the applicable Issue Terms, in each 
case without regard to (a) any other earlier date which may become the "Maturity Date" or the 
"Redemption Date" on the occurrence of a certain event as set out in the relevant definition and 
(b) any potential adjustment to such date for any reason under the Conditions. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount (Notes)" means the amount specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"National Currency Unit" means the unit of the currency of a country, as those units are 
defined on the date on which the country of the Original Currency first participates in European 
Economic and Monetary Union. 
"Non-Triparty Custody Agreement" means, in respect of any Collateral Pool, the non-triparty 
custody agreement relating to such Collateral Pool, created by entry into of the Constituting 
Instrument relating to such Collateral Pool, on the terms of the Master Custody Terms as 
amended and/or supplemented by such Constituting Instrument. 
"Non-U.S. Certification" means a certification (substantially in the form provided by the 
Relevant Programme Agent) from the relevant Holder that, in the case of its Securities, such 
Securities are not being exercised or redeemed (as applicable) in the United States or by or on 
behalf of any U.S. Person, that the payment or delivery with respect to such Securities will not 
be made in the United States or to, or for the account of, a U.S. Person, that none of such 
Securities were purchased in the United States and that the Holder was not solicited to purchase 
such Securities in the United States. 
"Notes" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Notional Amount" means the notional amount per Certificate specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Observation Start Date" has the meaning given in the Bond Linked Provisions. 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Security, the amount specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, if an Optional Redemption Table is set out in the relevant Issue Terms, each date set forth in 
the Optional Redemption Table in the column entitled "Optional Redemption Date(s)". 
"Optional Redemption Table" means the table specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 349 ---
General Conditions 
 
343 
 
"Original Currency" has the meaning given in FX Linked Provision 4 (Successor Currency). 
"Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service, as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms for the purpose of providing a Reference 
Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by 
the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate.  
"Partial Distributions" has the meaning given in General Condition 13.2(b) (Obligation to pay 
postponed). 
"Paying Agent" means any agent appointed as such pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
"Payment Amount" has the meaning given in General Condition 23.1 (Payment Amount 
Dispute Notice). 
"Payment Amount Dispute Notice" means a notice in substantially the same form as set out in 
schedule 4 of the Master Security Terms. 
"Payment Day" has the meaning given in General Condition 12.2 (Payments on Payment 
Days). 
"Payment Disruption Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
an event in relation to a Relevant Payment Jurisdiction which has the effect of preventing, 
restricting or delaying the Calculation Agent or Issuer from: 
 
converting a Relevant Currency into another Relevant Currency through 
customary legal channels; or 
 
converting a Relevant Currency into another Relevant Currency at a rate at least 
as favourable as the rate for domestic institutions located in the Relevant Payment 
Jurisdiction; or 
 
delivering any Relevant Currency from accounts inside the Relevant Payment 
Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Relevant Payment Jurisdiction; or 
 
delivering a Relevant Currency between accounts inside the Relevant Payment 
Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of the Relevant Payment 
Jurisdiction;  
(b) 
the imposition by the Relevant Payment Jurisdiction (or any political or regulatory 
authority thereof) of any capital controls, or the publication of any notice of an intention 
to do so, which the Calculation Agent determines is likely to materially affect the 
Securities, and notice thereof is given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with 
General Condition 31 (Notices);  
(c) 
the implementation by the Relevant Payment Jurisdiction (or any political or regulatory 
authority thereof) or the publication of any notice of an intention to implement any 
changes to the laws or regulations relating to foreign investment in the Relevant Payment 
Jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, changes in tax laws and/or laws relating to 
capital markets and corporate ownership), which the Calculation Agent determines are 
likely to affect materially the Issuer's ability to hedge its obligations under the Securities;  
(d) 
an event as a result of which the Issuer is prohibited, unable, or otherwise fails to make 
any payment, or any portion thereof under the Securities, or to perform any other 
obligation under the Securities because or arising out of an act of war, insurrection or 
civil strife, an action by any government or governmental authority or instrumentality 
thereof (whether de jure or de facto), legal constraint, terrorism, riots or catastrophe; and

--- Page 350 ---
General Conditions 
 
344 
 
(e) 
it becomes impossible or commercially impracticable (or the Calculation Agent, acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that there is a 
substantial likelihood that it will become impossible or commercially impracticable) to 
make payment under the Securities through a Relevant Clearing System (including, 
without limitation, where a Relevant Clearing System withdraws (or announces its 
intention to withdraw) acceptance of the Specified Currency of the Securities for 
settlement and payment of interest and/or redemption under the Securities). 
"Payment Disruption Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Payment Event Payment Date, 
the second Business Day immediately preceding such Payment Event Payment Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Payment Event Cut-off Date" means the date which is one year after the Maturity Date, 
Redemption Date, Settlement Date or any other date which is the last date on which amounts 
under the Securities would be due and payable by the Issuer if not for the occurrence of a 
Payment Disruption Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Payment Event Payment Date" means, in respect of a Payment Event Cut-off Date, the tenth 
Business Day immediately following the Payment Event Cut-off Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Permanent Bearer Global Security" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(a)(i)(B) 
(Bearer Securities other than French Bearer Securities), General Condition 1.1(c)(ii)(A)(1) 
(Exchange of Bearer Securities other than French Bearer Securities and German Securities) or 
General Condition 1.1(c)(iii) (Exchange of German Securities), as the case may be. 
"Permanent Global Security" means a Permanent Bearer Global Security and/or a Permanent 
Registered Global Security. 
"Permanent Registered Global Security" means a Permanent Global Security in registered 
form. 
"Permitted Transferee", for the purpose of (i) General Condition 2.3(a)(i) (Securities other 
than Rule 144A Securities and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities), has the meaning given in 
that General Condition, (ii) General Condition 2.3(a)(iii) (Rule 144A Securities), has the 
meaning given in that General Condition, and (iii) General Condition 2.3(a)(iv) (Regulation 
S/Rule 144A Securities), has the meaning given in that General Condition. 
"Physical Settlement" means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, (a) for 
Warrants, Issuer Physical Settlement, (b) for Certificates, the delivery of Reference Assets in 
discharge of the obligation to pay the Redemption Amount from the Issuer to the Holders as 
specified in the relevant Payout Condition, and (c) for Notes, the delivery of Reference Assets 
in discharge of the obligation to pay the Final Redemption Amount from the Issuer to the 
Holders as specified in the relevant Payout Condition. 
"Physical Settlement Cut-off Date" means the relevant date specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms (or if that day is not a Clearing System Business Day, the next following Clearing System 
Business Day). 
"Potential Exercise Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, 
provided that if "Potential Exercise Date subject to Valuation Date adjustment" is stated to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then the provisions of the Reference Asset Linked 
Conditions specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms shall apply to the Potential 
Exercise Date as if such date were a Valuation Date (as defined in the applicable Reference 
Asset Linked Conditions). 
"Principal Programme Agent" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, and 
includes any successor or additional agent or any other such agent identified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Proceedings" means any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the 
Securities.

--- Page 351 ---
General Conditions 
 
345 
 
"Programme" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"QIB" means a "qualified institutional buyer" as defined in Rule 144A. 
"Qualified Offshore Client" means (a) an entity not organised or incorporated under the laws 
of the United States and not engaged in a trade or business in the United States for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, (b) a natural person who is not a U.S. resident or (c) any entity not 
organised or incorporated under the laws of the United States substantially all of the outstanding 
voting securities of which are beneficially owned by persons described in (a) or (b) above, which 
is represented by a U.S. resident professional fiduciary that is not a registered broker-dealer or 
a bank acting in a broker-dealer capacity within the meaning of Rule 15a-6(a)(4)(i) under the 
Exchange Act. 
"Quota" means, if Maximum Exercise Number is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, a 
number of Securities equal to such Maximum Exercise Number. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest in respect of the Notes which is specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms or otherwise determined in accordance with General Condition 4 
(Interest and other Calculations under the Notes) and provided that if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify different rates of interest in respect of different Interest Periods, then the Rate of Interest 
in respect of the Notes for such Interest Period shall be as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Recommended Fallback Rate" means, in relation to: 
(a) 
a Reference Rate that is:  
 
Compounded Daily SONIA, the Compounded Daily SONIA Recommended 
Fallback Rate;  
 
Compounded Daily SOFR, the Compounded Daily SOFR Recommended 
Fallback Rate;  
 
Compounded Daily TONA, the Compounded Daily TONA Recommended 
Fallback Rate; 
 
Compounded Daily €STR, the Compounded Daily €STR Recommended Fallback 
Rate;  
in each case, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, provided that in each case, if 
such reference rate ceases to exist or the Calculation Agent determines that such 
reference rate likely will cease to exist during the term of the Securities then it shall be 
deemed that no Recommended Fallback Rate has been specified; and 
(b) 
if "ISDA Fallback Rate" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then the 
Recommended Fallback Rate shall be the ISDA Fallback Rate. 
"Record Date" has the meaning given in General Condition 6.2(a) (Payments of principal and 
interest in respect of Registered Global Notes) or General Condition 6.2(e) (Record Date) or 
General Condition 9.3(d) (Record Date) or General Condition 11.3(j) (Record Date), in each 
case as applicable. 
"Redemption Amount" means the Security Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with the Payout Conditions. 
"Redemption Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of 
interest under the Notes, as specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Holders pursuant 
to General Condition 26.1 (Redenomination of Notes) above and which falls on or after the date 
on which the country of the Specified Currency first participates in the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union.

--- Page 352 ---
General Conditions 
 
346 
 
"Reference Asset" or "Reference Assets" means a Share, an Index, a Commodity, a 
Commodity Index, an FX Rate, a Reference Entity or a Fund as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Reference Asset Amount" or "Reference Asset Amounts" in respect of (a) Warrants, means 
the Issuer Physical Settlement Amount and (b) Certificates or Notes, has the meaning given in 
the Payout Conditions. 
"Reference Asset Linked Conditions" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Reference Asset Linked Coupon Certificates" means Certificates in respect of which 
"Reference Asset Linked Coupon Provisions" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Reference Asset Linked Coupon Notes" means Notes in respect of which "Reference Asset 
Linked Coupon Provisions" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Reference Asset Transfer Notice" means a notice, substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement (and which may be obtained during normal business hours from the 
specified office of the Relevant Programme Agent), which shall: 
(a) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Holder, any account details required for 
delivery and the person from whom the Issuer may obtain details for the delivery of the 
Reference Asset Amount if such delivery is to be made otherwise than in the manner 
specified in the General Conditions and relevant Payout Conditions; 
(b) 
contain a Non-U.S. Certification or, in the case of Rule 144A Securities or Regulation 
S/Rule 144A Securities, contain an Eligible Investor Certification; 
(c) 
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, specify the nominal amount 
of Securities which are the subject of such notice and the number of the Holder's account 
at the Relevant Clearing System (if applicable), to be debited with such Securities and 
irrevocably instruct and authorise any Relevant Clearing System (if applicable), to debit 
the relevant Holder's account with such Securities on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date(s), Coupon Payment Date(s) and/or the Settlement Date, the Redemption Date or 
the Maturity Date, as the case may be; 
(d) 
include an undertaking to pay all Delivery Expenses and, in the case of Securities 
represented by a Global Security, an authority to debit a specified account of the Holder 
at the Relevant Clearing System (if applicable), in respect thereof and to pay such 
Delivery Expenses;  
(e) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings; and 
(f) 
in the case of Securities that may be settled by way of Physical Settlement of underlying 
shares of a company, contain an Equity Certification which includes certain 
representations with respect to such shares. 
"Reference Bond" has the meaning given in the Bond Linked Provisions. 
"Reference Bond Linked Redemption Date" means the date falling 2 Business Days 
immediately following the Early Payment Valuation Date. 
"Reference Bond Notional Amount" means, in respect of any Early Payment Valuation Date 
and a Series of Securities, a principal amount of the Reference Bond determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(𝑆𝑒𝑐𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑒𝑠 𝑂𝑢𝑡𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑁𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡
𝑆𝑒𝑐𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑒𝑠 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑁𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡
) × 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐵𝑜𝑛𝑑 𝑁𝑜𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 
where:

--- Page 353 ---
General Conditions 
 
347 
 
"Initial Reference Bond Notional Amount" means the amount specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms;  
"Securities Initial Nominal Amount" means the initial aggregate nominal or notional 
amount of such Series of Securities on their Issue Date or, where such Series of Securities 
does not have a nominal or notional amount, the initial aggregate number of such 
Securities on their Issue Date; and 
"Securities Outstanding Nominal Amount" means the aggregate outstanding nominal 
or notional amount of such Series of Securities on the Early Payment Valuation Date or, 
where such Series of Securities does not have a nominal or notional amount, the 
aggregate number of outstanding Securities of such Series on such date. 
"Reference Banks" means each institution specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if 
none, each major bank selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the 
Euro-zone). 
"Reference Dealers" means four leading dealers in the relevant foreign exchange market, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Reference Rate" means any relevant Floating Rate Option, Contingent Floating Rate, 
Benchmark, Swap Rate, Compounded RFR, Compounded Index, Underlying RFR or any other 
rate hereunder as the context may require (howsoever described in the Conditions and as 
amended from time to time pursuant to the Conditions). 
"Reference Obligor" has the meaning given in the Bond Linked Provisions. 
"Reference Obligor Event" has the meaning given in the Bond Linked Provisions;  
"Register" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.2(a) (Title to Registered Securities 
(other than French Registered Securities and Swiss Securities)). 
"Registered Certificates" means Certificates in registered form. 
"Registered Global Note" means a global note in registered form. 
"Registered Global Security" means a Permanent Registered Global Security or a Temporary 
Registered Global Security. 
"Registered Notes" means Notes in registered form. 
"Registered Securities" means any Securities specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and 
includes Securities regarded as Registered Securities for the purposes of these General 
Conditions pursuant to General Condition 1.1(b) (Registered Securities) and any Securities in 
registered definitive form following exchange from a Global Security in accordance with the 
Conditions (and each shall be a "Registered Security"). 
"Registered Warrants" means Warrants in registered form. 
"Registrar" means, in respect of (i) French Registered Securities, the French Registration 
Agent, (ii) Swiss Securities, the Swiss Registrar and (iii) all other Registered Securities, The 
Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, or any successor to any of the above 
entities appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement or other such registrar identified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Securities where interest on the Notes or the coupon on the Certificates is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from, and including, 
the Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date, or Coupon Payment

--- Page 354 ---
General Conditions 
 
348 
 
Date (as applicable) and each successive period from, and including, one Interest 
Payment Date or Coupon Payment Date (as applicable) to, but excluding, the next 
Interest Payment Date or Coupon Payment Date (as applicable); 
(b) 
in the case of Securities where, apart from the first Interest Payment Date or Coupon 
Payment Date (as applicable), interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from, and including, a Regular Date falling in any year to, but 
excluding, the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but 
not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date or Coupon Payment Date (as 
applicable), falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Securities where, apart from one Interest Period or Coupon Period (as 
applicable), other than the first Interest Period or Coupon Period (as applicable), interest 
is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from, and 
including, a Regular Date falling in any year to, but excluding, the next Regular Date, 
where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest 
Payment Date or Coupon Payment Date (as applicable) falls other than the Interest Period 
or Coupon Period falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period, or Coupon Period (as 
applicable). 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act, as amended. 
"Regulation S/Rule 144A Certificates" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(v) 
(Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities). 
"Regulation S/Rule 144A Notes" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(v) 
(Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities). 
"Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(v) 
(Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities). 
"Regulation S/Rule 144A Warrants" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(v) 
(Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities). 
"Related Hedging Entity" means JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
"Relevant Benchmark" means, in respect of any Securities, a Reference Rate or any rate, level, 
value or other figure in respect of one or more Reference Assets utilised in order to determine 
the Rate of Interest, Floating Rate Coupon, Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Instalment Amount, Reference Asset Amount or any other amount payable or asset 
deliverable under the Securities.  
"Relevant Change of Law" means as a result of: 
(a) 
any action taken by a Relevant Source Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or brought in a court of competent 
jurisdiction on or after the Issue Date; or  
(b) 
the proposal, adoption, finalisation or expiration of any laws, regulations, or 
administrative guidance (including, due to the mere passage of time) of a Relevant 
Source Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in, or amendment to (or proposed change or amendment to), 
proposed or final laws, regulations, or administrative guidance, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of proposed or final laws, regulations or 
administrative guidance (including by inaction, such as the failure to finalise proposed 
regulations or administrative guidance, or due to the mere passage of time), which 
proposal, adoption, finalisation, expiration, change or amendment becomes effective on 
or after the Issue Date or with respect to payments made on or after the Issue Date, 
a payment becoming subject to Relevant Source Jurisdiction withholding.

--- Page 355 ---
General Conditions 
 
349 
 
"Relevant Clearing System(s)" means the clearing system(s) in which a Global Security for a 
Series or Tranche of Securities has been deposited as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
which may be Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt, Monte Titoli 
S.p.A., acting on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC, SIX SIS, or any 
clearing system through which Securities in dematerialised or uncertificated form are cleared, 
including Euroclear France and SIX SIS, and, as the case may be, the clearing system or other 
appropriate method selected by the Issuer to effect the settlement and delivery of a Reference 
Asset in the case of an issue of Securities to which Physical Settlement applies. 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Rate of Interest or Floating Rate 
Coupon (as applicable) to be determined in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an 
Interest Determination Date or Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date (as applicable), the 
financial centre as may be specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, 
the financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the 
case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none is so connected, London. 
"Relevant Holders' Resolution" means: 
(a) 
where the Type of Collateral Pool is specified as "Single Series Collateral Pool" in the 
Issue Terms, an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(b) 
where the Type of Collateral Pool is specified as "Multiple Series Collateral Pool" in the 
Issue Terms, a Linked Holders' Resolution. 
"Relevant Incorporation Jurisdiction" means the country (or any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereof or therein) in which the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) is 
organised or incorporated. 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means a Relevant Incorporation Jurisdiction or Relevant Source 
Jurisdiction, as applicable. 
"Relevant Notes" means all Notes where the relevant Issue Terms provide for a minimum 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least EUR 100,000 
and which are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area. 
"Relevant Payment Date" in respect of any Security means the date on which payment in 
respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) 
the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Holder that, upon further 
presentation of the Security being made in accordance with these General Conditions, such 
payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
"Relevant Payment Jurisdiction" means such jurisdiction(s) as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion. 
"Relevant Programme Agent" means, in respect of (i) Swiss Securities, the Swiss Programme 
Agent, (ii) French Securities, the French Programme Agent, (iii) German Securities clearing 
through Clearstream Frankfurt, the German Programme Agent, (iv) German Securities clearing 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Principal Programme Agent, (v) Rule 
144A Securities, the Principal Programme Agent or (vi) all other Securities, the Principal 
Programme Agent, and includes any successor or additional agent or any other agent identified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Rules" means the terms and conditions, rules, regulations or other procedures 
governing the use of Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and/or such other Relevant Clearing 
System, as may be amended, updated or replaced from time to time.

--- Page 356 ---
General Conditions 
 
350 
 
"Relevant Series of Securities" means, with respect to any Collateral Pool: 
(a) 
where the Type of Collateral Pool is specified as "Single Series Collateral Pool" in the 
Constituting Instrument, the Series of Securities where the relevant Issue Terms thereof 
specify such Collateral Pool; or 
(b) 
where the Type of Collateral Pool is specified as "Multiple Series Collateral Pool" in the 
Constituting Instrument, the Linked Series of Securities relating to such Collateral Pool. 
"Relevant Source Jurisdiction" means the country (or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein) in which payments of any present or future tax, assessment or other 
governmental charge of whatever nature are regarded as being sourced otherwise than by virtue 
of being a Relevant Incorporation Jurisdiction. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date or Floating Rate 
Coupon Determination Date (as applicable), the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits 
in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for this 
purpose "local time" means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial 
Centre, 11.00 hours, Brussels Time. 
"Representative" has the meaning given in General Condition 28.3(d) (Legal Personality). 
"Residual Cash Amount" or "Residual Cash Amounts" has the meaning given in the Payout 
Conditions. 
"RFR" means each of SONIA, SOFR, TONA, €STR and any other risk free reference rate as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (as applicable). 
"Resolution Authority" means De Nederlandsche Bank. 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
"Rule 144A Certificates" means any Certificates which are specified to be Rule 144A 
Securities in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Rule 144A Notes" means any Notes which are specified to be Rule 144A Securities in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Rule 144A Securities" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(iv) (Rule 144A 
Securities). For the avoidance of doubt, Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities shall not be 
considered to be Rule 144A Securities. 
"Rule 144A Warrants" means any Warrants which are specified to be Rule 144A Securities in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions, the Index 
Linked Provisions and the Fund Linked Provisions, as applicable. 
"Secured Parties" means the Security Trustee, any appointee thereof and: 
(a) 
if the Type of Collateral Pool is specified as "Single Series Collateral Pool" in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Holders of the Series of Securities; or  
(b) 
if the Type of Collateral Pool is specified as "Multiple Series Collateral Pool" in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Linked Holders in respect of the Linked Series of Securities. 
"Securities" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

--- Page 357 ---
General Conditions 
 
351 
 
"Security Deed" means, in respect of any Collateral Pool, the security deed relating to such 
Collateral Pool, created by entry into of the Constituting Instrument relating to such Collateral 
Pool, on the terms of the Master Security Terms as amended and/or supplemented by such 
Constituting Instrument. 
"Security Interests" means, in respect of any Series of Securities or Linked Series of Securities, 
the security interests granted by the Collateral Provider over the collateral held with The Bank 
of New York Mellon, London Branch and/or The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch in favour of BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (and its 
successors from time to time) acting as the Security Trustee for itself, any appointee thereof and 
the Holders of such Series of Securities or the Linked Holders of such Linked Series of 
Securities, respectively. 
"Security Trustee" means BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited and its successors 
from time to time. 
"Series" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Settlement Amount" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, provided 
that if "Security Redemption Amount" is specified as the Settlement Amount in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the Payout 
Conditions. 
"Settlement Cycle" has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions or the Index Linked 
Provisions, as applicable. 
"Settlement Date" means, subject to General Condition 12.2 (Payments on Payment Days) and 
General Condition 14 (Physical Settlement), and subject to there not having occurred a 
Settlement Disruption Event: 
(a) 
in relation to Reference Assets to be delivered in respect of an Exercise Date or 
Redemption Date, the date that falls one Settlement Cycle following that Exercise Date 
or Redemption Date (or, if such date is not a Clearing System Business Day, the next 
following Clearing System Business Day), unless a Settlement Disruption Event 
prevents delivery of such Reference Assets on that date. If a Settlement Disruption Event 
prevents delivery of a Reference Asset on that date, General Condition 14.5 (Settlement 
Disruption Event) shall apply; and 
(b) 
in relation to payment of the Settlement Amount or Redemption Amount, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
provided that, if so provided in the relevant Issue Terms, the Settlement Date in respect of each 
Security: 
 
exercised by the Holder, shall be the earlier of (x) the tenth (or such day as is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms) Business Day following exercise of such Security and (y) 
the date specified in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
 
deemed to be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date, the date specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means an event beyond the control of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any Hedging Entity (including illiquidity in the market for the relevant Reference Assets or 
any legal prohibition, or material restriction imposed by any law, order or regulation on the 
ability of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Hedging Entity, to deliver the Reference Asset) as a 
result of which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Reference Asset 
Amount by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor, in accordance with these General 
Conditions, the Payout Conditions and/or the relevant Issue Terms is illegal or is not practicable, 
or as a result of which the Relevant Clearing System cannot clear the transfer of the relevant 
Reference Assets. 
"Share" and "Shares" have the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions.

--- Page 358 ---
General Conditions 
 
352 
 
"Share Linked Provisions" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Share Linked Securities" means any Securities in respect of which the "Share Linked 
Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"SIX SIS" means SIX SIS AG, or any successor or replacement clearing system accepted by 
the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
"Specified Coupon Period" means the period specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Securities are denominated. 
"Specified Decimal Place" means, in relation to the rounding of any relevant percentage, 
amount or figure pursuant to General Condition 27 (Rounding), the decimal place specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Specified Denomination" means the denomination specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Specified Fraction" means, in relation to the rounding of any relevant percentage, amount or 
figure pursuant to General Condition 27 (Rounding), the fraction specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms.  
"Specified Unit" means, in relation to the rounding of any relevant currency amount pursuant 
to General Condition 27 (Rounding), the unit of currency specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Static Collateral" means, in respect of any Series of Securities, the collateral held with The 
Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch in the Non-Triparty Static Account 
(as defined in the Non-Triparty Custody Agreement) and which is subject to the Security 
Interests granted by the Collateral Provider in connection with such Series of Securities. 
"Static Collateral Event" means an event by which any of the Static Collateral (a) becomes, 
disregarding any notice or grace period (i) the subject of a payment default or (ii) repayable 
prior to its stated date of maturity otherwise than in accordance with its scheduled repayment 
profile or as a result of the exercise of an issuer option or a holder option or (iii) capable of being 
declared repayable, or (b) is redeemed or repaid or prepaid for any reason prior to its scheduled 
maturity date. 
"Sterling" and "£" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
"Swap Rate" means any swap rate that reflects the fixed rate under an interest rate swap for a 
relevant transaction as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Swiss Certificates" means any Certificates which are specified to be Swiss Securities in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Swiss Global Security" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(iii) (Swiss 
Securities). 
"Swiss Notes" means any Notes which are specified to be Swiss Securities in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Swiss Programme Agent" means UBS AG, or any successor or additional agent appointed in 
connection with the Swiss Securities in accordance with the Agency Agreement.  
"Swiss Register" means the register of Swiss Securities kept by the Swiss Registrar. 
"Swiss Registrar" means UBS AG, or any successor appointed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement.

--- Page 359 ---
General Conditions 
 
353 
 
"Swiss Securities" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b)(iii) (Swiss Securities) 
and means Swiss Notes, Swiss Warrants and/or Swiss Certificates as the context may require. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor 
thereto. 
"TARGET2 Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro. 
"Tax Termination Event" has the meaning given in General Condition 20.3 (Early Redemption 
or Termination for Taxation – FATCA). 
"Temporary Bearer Global Security" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(a) 
(Bearer Securities). 
"Temporary Global Security" means a Temporary Bearer Global Security and/or a Temporary 
Registered Global Security. 
"Temporary Registered Global Security" has the meaning given in General Condition 1.1(b) 
(Registered Securities). 
"Termination Event" has the meaning given in General Condition 16 (Early Redemption or 
Termination for Illegality). 
"Tranche" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
"Transfer Agent" means, in respect of Registered Securities (other than Swiss Securities) in 
definitive form, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch or The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch (as applicable). 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
"Triparty Account Control Agreement" means, in respect of any Collateral Pool, the triparty 
account control agreement relating to such Collateral Pool, created by entry into of the 
Constituting Instrument relating to such Collateral Pool, on the terms of the Master Triparty 
Account Control Terms as amended and/or supplemented by such Constituting Instrument. 
"UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) and 
regulations made thereunder. 
"Underlying Hedge Entity" means the Issuer or any affiliate(s) of the Issuer or any entity (or 
entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer.  
"Underlying Hedge Tax Jurisdiction" means (i) the country (or any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereof or therein) in which the Underlying Hedge Entity or its applicable 
counterparty is organised or incorporated or in which payments of any present or future tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge of whatever nature are regarded as being sourced, (ii) 
the United States and (iii) any other jurisdiction that enters into an intergovernmental agreement 
with the United States in furtherance of FATCA. 
"Underlying Hedge Transactions" means, in relation to the Securities, any purchase, sale, 
entry into or maintenance of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, 
derivatives and/or foreign exchange and/or (b) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever 
described) in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis the Issuer's obligations under 
such Securities. 
"Underlying RFR" means the RFR referenced in the applicable Compounded Index. 
"United States" means the United States of America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia), its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction.

--- Page 360 ---
General Conditions 
 
354 
 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means, in respect of any relevant day, that such day is not a Business 
Day and the market was not aware of such fact by means of a public announcement until after 
9:00 a.m. in the principal financial centre for each currency in which an amount is to be 
determined or paid on such day under the relevant Securities, on the day that is two Business 
Days (not including days that would have been Business Days but for that announcement) prior 
to that day. 
"USD/Affected Currency Exchange Rate" means, in respect of any relevant day, the spot 
USD/Affected Currency exchange rate, expressed as an amount of the Affected Currency per 
unit of USD, as reported or published by the fixing price sponsor at the relevant time on such 
day, provided that if no such rate is available on such day, then the Calculation Agent may 
request each of the Reference Dealers (as defined in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions)) to 
provide a firm quotation of the rate at which it will buy one unit of USD in an amount of Affected 
Currency at the applicable time on such day, based upon each Reference Dealer's experience in 
the foreign exchange market for Affected Currency and general activity in such market on such 
day. If at least two quotations are provided, the relevant rate will be the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided, the Calculation Agent may request each 
of the major banks (as selected by the Calculation Agent) in the relevant market to provide a 
quotation of the rate at which it will buy one unit of USD in an amount of the Affected Currency 
at the applicable time on such day. If fewer than two quotations are provided, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the USD/Affected Currency Exchange Rate as of the 
applicable time on such day in its discretion.  
"USD Equivalent Amount" means, in respect of an Affected Amount and the Payment Event 
Payment Date, an amount in USD determined by the Calculation Agent by converting the 
Affected Amount from the currency in which such Affected Amount is denominated in (such 
currency, the "Affected Currency") into USD using the USD/Affected Currency Exchange 
Rate on the Payment Disruption Valuation Date in respect of such Payment Event Payment 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"U.S. Person" means (i) in respect of any Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities, any person which 
is a "U.S. person" as defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S (as may be amended from time to 
time) or (ii) in respect of any Securities other than Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities, any 
person which is a "U.S. person" as defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S (as may be amended 
from time to time) or any person which is a "United States person" as defined in Section 
7701(a)(30) of the Code and Treasury regulations thereunder (as may be amended from time to 
time), as the context requires. 
"Valuation Date" means any date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Warrants" has the meaning given in Part A (Introduction). 
37.2 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in these General Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in the relevant Payout Conditions as completed by the relevant 
Issue Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable 
to the Securities of the relevant Series. 
(b) 
A reference to a "person" in these General Conditions includes any person, firm, 
company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust or 
partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality) of two or more of the 
foregoing.  
(c) 
A reference in these General Conditions to a provision of law is a reference to that 
provision as amended or re-enacted. 
(d) 
Part, General Condition and Reference Asset Linked Condition headings are for ease of 
reference only. Words importing the plural shall include the singular and vice versa, 
unless the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 361 ---
General Conditions 
 
355 
 
(e) 
References in these General Conditions to a company or entity shall be deemed to include 
a reference to any successor or replacement thereto. 
(f) 
Where any provision, calculation or determination is expressed to relate to a particular 
notional or nominal amount of a Security or to the denomination or Specified 
Denomination of a Security or to a number of Securities, but the particular Security or 
Securities in question do not have a nominal or notional amount or denomination or 
Specified Denominations or have different nominal or notional amounts or 
denominations or Specified Denominations such that the relevant provision, calculation 
or determination does not achieve the effect that the Calculation Agent believes, in the 
relevant context, it was designed to achieve, the Calculation Agent may interpret such 
provision, calculation or determination in such way as is necessary to achieve such 
desired effect. 
37.3 
ISDA Determination Additional Provisions 
(a) 
For the purposes of General Condition 4.2(b)(i) or 8.2(b)(i) (as applicable), references in 
the ISDA Definitions to:  
 
numbers, financial centres, elections or other items to be specified in the relevant 
Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the corresponding numbers, 
financial centres, elections or other items specified for such purpose in the 
applicable Issue Terms (as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
 
the "Effective Date" shall be to the date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
 
a "Period End Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Period End 
Date, a Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date or a Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Date (as applicable), provided that where the 2021 
Definitions are specified in the applicable Issue Terms and where the Business 
Day Convention applicable to the relevant Interest Period End Date, Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Date or a Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date 
(as applicable) is "Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Preceding 
Business Day Convention" and "Period End Date/Termination Date adjustment 
for Unscheduled Holiday" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and that Interest Period End Date, Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date 
or Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date (as applicable) would 
otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled 
Holiday, that date will instead fall on the first following day that is a Business 
Day; 
 
a "Payment Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Payment Date 
or Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date (as applicable), provided that where the 
2021 Definitions are specified in the applicable Issue Terms and where the 
Business Day Convention applicable to the relevant Interest Period End Date, 
Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date or Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period End Date (as applicable) is "Modified Following Business Day 
Convention" or "Preceding Business Day Convention" and that Interest Payment 
Date or Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date (as applicable) would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday, that 
date will instead fall on the first following day that is a Business Day and, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, where any other payment date 
(a "Related Payment Date") is scheduled to fall on the same day, that Related 
Payment Date shall also be adjusted accordingly, all subject as provided in 
General Condition 6 (Payments); 
 
the "Termination Date" shall be to the Maturity Date, Settlement Date, 
Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date or such other date specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms; and

--- Page 362 ---
General Conditions 
 
356 
 
 
a "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Day Count Fraction. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the ISDA Definitions: 
 
the provisions of General Condition 25 (Calculation Agent, Determination, 
Disclaimer of Liability and other terms) shall apply in relation to calculations and 
determinations made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to General Condition 
4.2(b)(i) or 8.2(b)(i) (as applicable) and any inconsistent provision in the relevant 
ISDA Definitions shall be disregarded;  
 
any requirement under the ISDA Definitions for the ISDA Calculation Agent: (i) 
to give notice of a determination made by it to any other party will be deemed to 
be a requirement for the Calculation Agent to provide an equivalent notice to the 
Issuer and/or (ii) to consult with the other party or the parties, will be disregarded; 
 
the right of any party under the ISDA Definitions to require the ISDA Calculation 
Agent to take any action or fulfil any responsibility will be deemed to be solely 
the right of the Issuer to require this of the Calculation Agent in its discretion and 
no Holder will have any right to require the Issuer to do this or to direct the 
Calculation Agent in this regard; 
 
where the ISDA Definitions require agreement between the parties to the relevant 
transaction, the parties will be deemed to have been unable to reach agreement 
and the fallback applicable in such circumstances will be deemed to apply; 
 
in the event that the Calculation Agent determines that any Fixing Day or other 
day on which an ISDA Rate is determined under the ISDA Definitions is fewer 
than two Business Days prior to the relevant date originally scheduled for 
payment, the Calculation Agent may determine that such date for payment and/or 
any Related Payment Date be delayed to a date falling not more than two Business 
Days after the relevant Fixing Day or relevant other day and Holders shall not be 
entitled to interest, coupon or any other payment in respect of such delay; and  
 
where the 2021 Definitions are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in the 
event that the Correction Time Period applicable to an ISDA Rate ends later than 
two Business Days prior to the relevant date for payment or delivery (as 
applicable), any corrections published after the second Business Day prior to the 
relevant date for payment or delivery (as applicable) shall be disregarded for the 
purposes of determining the relevant ISDA Rate.

--- Page 363 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
357 
 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
(for the purpose of this section, the "Payout Conditions") 
 
1. 
Coupon Amount ........................................................................................................................357 
2. 
Early Redemption ......................................................................................................................363 
3. 
Security Redemption Amount on Security Redemption Date ...................................................364 
4. 
Definitions and Interpretation ...................................................................................................390 
 
These Payout Conditions shall apply to all Securities provided that each sub-paragraph thereof shall only 
apply where specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
1 
Coupon Amount 
If "Reference Asset Linked Coupon Provisions" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Security on each Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following provisions 
depending on which is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
For the purposes of this Payout Condition 1, all references to "Reference Asset" or "Reference 
Assets" will be deemed to be references to "Coupon Reference Asset" or "Coupon Reference 
Assets" respectively and the Securities will be deemed to relate only to the Coupon Reference 
Asset(s) for such purposes. 
(a) 
Contingent Coupon 
If "Contingent Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date: 
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of 
each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified 
Coupon Amount; or 
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each 
Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(b) 
Memory Coupon 
If "Memory Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect 
of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior 
to such Coupon Payment Date: 
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of 
each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
(CA × Memory Coupon Value × t) −APCA 
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each 
Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero.

--- Page 364 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
358 
 
(c) 
Factor Coupon (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Factor Coupon (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date 
falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date: 
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of 
each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
CA × Coupon Factor Numerator
Coupon Factor Denominator × Coupon Factor 
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each 
Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(d) 
Factor Coupon (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Factor Coupon (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date: 
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of 
each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
CA × Coupon Factor Performance × Coupon Factor 
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each 
Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(e) 
Lock-in Coupon 
If "Lock-in Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect 
of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior 
to such Coupon Payment Date: 
 
if a Coupon Lock-in Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date and/or any Coupon Valuation Date falling prior to such Coupon Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of 
each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Lock-in Coupon 
Amount; or 
 
if a Coupon Lock-in Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date and/or any Coupon Valuation Date falling prior to such Coupon Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, and: 
(A) 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon 
Amount in respect of each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon 
Amount in respect of each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be zero.

--- Page 365 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
359 
 
(f) 
Performance Coupon 1 
If "Performance Coupon 1" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount in respect of each 
Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified 
Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
PCA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥{CF; [(Coupon Participation
t
) × (AP(CVD) −Coupon Strike)]} 
(g) 
Performance Coupon 2 
If "Performance Coupon 2" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount in respect of each 
Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥{CF; [PCA × (Coupon Participation
t
) × (AP(CVD) −Coupon Strike)]} 
(h) 
Range Accrual Coupon (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Range Accrual Coupon (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount in 
respect of each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount in 
the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
CA × Range Accrual Coupon Factor × N
M 
(i) 
Range Accrual Coupon (Worst of) 
If "Range Accrual Coupon (Worst of)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount in respect of each 
Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
CA × Range Accrual Coupon Factor × N (Worst of)
M (Worst of) 
(j) 
Range Accrual Coupon (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Range Accrual Coupon (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount 
in respect of each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount in 
the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
CA × Range Accrual Coupon Factor × N (Basket)
M (Basket) 
(k) 
Enhanced Coupon 
If "Enhanced Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect 
of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior 
to such Coupon Payment Date:

--- Page 366 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
360 
 
 
if an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date and an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 has not occurred in respect of such 
Coupon Valuation Date, each as determined by the Calculation Agent, the 
Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula; 
CA × Enhanced Coupon Rate × Coupon Leverage 
 
if neither an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 nor an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 has 
occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, each as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on 
such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula; 
CA × Enhanced Coupon Rate 
 
if an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date (and regardless of whether an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 has or has not 
occurred), as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect 
of each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(l) 
Memory Enhanced Coupon 
If "Memory Enhanced Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date: 
 
if an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date and an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 has not occurred in respect of such 
Coupon Valuation Date, each as determined by the Calculation Agent, the 
Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula; 
(CA × Enhanced Coupon Rate × t × Coupon Leverage) - APCA 
 
if neither an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 nor an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 has 
occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, each as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on 
such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula; 
 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [(CA × Enhanced Coupon Rate × t) - APCA; 0] 
 
if an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date (and regardless of whether an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 has or has not 
occurred), as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect 
of each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(m) 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
If "Contingent Floating Rate Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date: 
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of 
each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula; 
CA × (Contingent Floating Rate + Spread) × Relevant DCF

--- Page 367 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
361 
 
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each 
Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(n) 
Memory Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
If "Memory Contingent Floating Rate Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date: 
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of 
each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula; 
(CA × (Contingent Floating Rate + Spread) × Relevant DCF) + Memory Amount 
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each 
Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(o) 
In Fine Coupon 
If "In Fine Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect 
of the Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable 
on the Coupon Payment Date shall be the sum of each Deferred Coupon Amount in 
respect of each Coupon Valuation Date preceding such Coupon Payment Date. 
Where: 
"Deferred Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and each 
Security:  
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, zero. 
(p) 
In Fine Memory Coupon 
If "In Fine Memory Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of the Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on the Coupon Payment Date shall be the sum of each Deferred Memory Coupon 
Amount in respect of each Coupon Valuation Date preceding such Coupon Payment 
Date. 
Where:  
"Deferred Memory Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date 
and each Security:  
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, an amount in the Specified 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:  
CA × Memory Coupon Value × Integer 
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, zero.

--- Page 368 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
362 
 
"Integer" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and the Integer Period 
corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date, the number of Coupon Valuation Dates 
which fall in the relevant Integer Period.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if there are no Coupon Valuation Dates which fall in the 
relevant Integer Period other than the Relevant CVD, the Integer shall be one (1). 
"Integer Period" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (the "Relevant CVD"), 
the period commencing on (but excluding) the most recent Coupon Valuation Date:  
 
preceding such Relevant CVD; and  
 
in respect of which a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred,  
(or if there is no such most recent Coupon Valuation Date, the period commencing on 
(but excluding) the Issue Date) and ending on (and including) such Relevant CVD.  
(q) 
Daily Coupon 
If "Daily Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of 
each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior to 
the date on which such Coupon Payment Date is scheduled to fall: 
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of any Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation) or Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) (as applicable) 
falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in 
respect of each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
CA × Daily Coupon Rate × Daily Coupon DCF 
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of any Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation) or Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) (as applicable) 
falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in 
respect of each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(r) 
Fixed, Worst-of, Weighted and / or Best-of Basket Coupon 
If "Fixed, Worst-of, Weighted and / or Best-of Basket Coupon" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
 
in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, if "Fixed Coupon" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Payment Date, 
the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA × FWWB Coupon Rate; or 
 
in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling 
immediately prior to the date on which such Coupon Payment Date is scheduled 
to fall, if "Fixed Coupon" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, and 
(A) 
if an FWWB Coupon Performance Event has occurred in respect of such 
Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the 
Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 369 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
363 
 
CA × (FWWB Coupon Rate + Sum FWWB Coupon Rate); or 
(B) 
if an FWWB Coupon Performance Event has not occurred in respect of 
such Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the 
Coupon Amount in respect of each Security payable on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be zero. 
(s) 
Drop Back Coupon 
If "Drop Back Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date and each Coupon Period (Drop Back) ending on 
the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior to the date on which such Coupon 
Payment Date is scheduled to fall, the Coupon Amount in respect of each Security 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA × [Cumulated Interest (t) −Cumulated Interest (t −1)] 
(t) 
Memory Coupon with Instalment Feature 
If "Memory Coupon with Instalment Feature" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date 
falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date: 
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of 
each Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
(CA × (1 −Instalment Percentage) × Memory Coupon Value × t) −APCA 
 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each 
Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(u) 
Daily Coupon 2 
If "Daily Coupon 2" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect 
of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior 
to the date on which such Coupon Payment Date is scheduled to fall: 
 
if a Coupon Event has occurred in respect of any Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) or Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) (as applicable) falling in 
the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each 
Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA × Daily Coupon Rate × Daily Coupon DCF 
 
if a Coupon Event has not occurred in respect of any Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) or Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) (as applicable) falling in 
the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Amount in respect of each 
Security payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
2 
Early Redemption 
If "Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Early Redemption Event in respect of any Early 
Redemption Valuation Date has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Security on the Early

--- Page 370 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
364 
 
Redemption Date scheduled to fall immediately after the date on which such Early Redemption 
Valuation Date is scheduled to fall by payment of the Early Redemption Amount. 
If "Daily Observation Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and the Calculation Agent determines that a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event 
has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Security on the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Date scheduled to fall immediately after the date on which such Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Event has occurred by payment of the Early Redemption Amount. 
If "Fast Autocall Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms 
and the Calculation Agent determines that: 
 
a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Security on the Daily Observation Early Redemption Date scheduled to fall immediately 
after the date on which such Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred by 
payment of the Early Redemption Amount; or 
 
a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has not occurred and subsequently an Early 
Redemption Event in respect of any Early Redemption Valuation Date has occurred, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Security on the Early Redemption Date scheduled to fall 
immediately after the date on which such Early Redemption Valuation Date is scheduled 
to fall by payment of the Early Redemption Amount. 
The Early Redemption Amount payable on an Early Redemption Date or Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Date (as applicable) shall be payable together with any Coupon Amount, 
Fixed Coupon Amount, Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount or Interest Amount (as applicable) 
payable on the Coupon Payment Date or Interest Payment Date (as applicable) falling or 
scheduled to fall on such Early Redemption Date or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date 
(as applicable) (or, if there is no Coupon Payment Date or Interest Payment Date (as applicable) 
falling or scheduled to fall on such Early Redemption Date or Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Date (as applicable), such Coupon Amount, Fixed Coupon Amount, Certificate 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Interest Amount (as applicable) shall be payable on the Coupon 
Payment Date or Interest Payment Date (as applicable) most recently preceding such Early 
Redemption Date or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date (as applicable)). [However, 
where an Early Redemption Event or a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event (as 
applicable) has occurred then no Security Redemption Amount shall be payable under Payout 
Condition 3 (Security Redemption Amount on Security Redemption Date) or Final Redemption 
Amount under General Condition 5.2 (Final Redemption) or Redemption Amount under 
General Condition 9.2 (Redemption on the Redemption Date) (as applicable) on any Security 
Redemption Date or Maturity Date or Redemption Date (as applicable) coinciding with the 
related Early Redemption Date or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date (as applicable).]  
For the purposes of this Payout Condition 2, all references to "Reference Asset" or "Reference 
Assets" will be deemed to be references to "Early Redemption Reference Asset" or "Early 
Redemption Reference Assets" respectively or "Daily Observation Early Redemption Reference 
Asset" or "Daily Observation Early Redemption Reference Assets" respectively (as applicable) 
and the Securities will be deemed to relate only to the Early Redemption Reference Asset(s) or 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Reference Assets (as applicable) for such purposes. 
3 
Security Redemption Amount on Security Redemption Date 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, in accordance with the Conditions, or 
pursuant to an Early Redemption Event in accordance with Payout Condition 2 above (if "Early 
Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) or a Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Event in accordance with Payout Condition 2 above (if "Daily Observation 
Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) (for the avoidance 
of doubt, including in the circumstances specified in the penultimate paragraph of Payout 
Condition 2 (Early Redemption) above), where "Cash Settlement" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, each Security shall be redeemed on the Security Redemption Date 
by payment of the Security Redemption Amount which shall be determined in accordance with 
such of the following provisions as are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, or

--- Page 371 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
365 
 
where "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, each Security shall be redeemed on the Security Redemption Date in accordance 
with such of the following provisions as are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this Payout Condition 3, all references to "Reference Asset" or "Reference 
Assets" will be deemed to be references to "Security Redemption Reference Asset" or "Security 
Redemption Reference Assets" respectively and the Securities will be deemed to relate only to 
the Security Redemption Reference Asset(s) for such purposes. 
(a) 
Redemption Amount 1 (Single Reference Asset) Cash Settlement 
If "Redemption Amount 1 (Single Reference Asset)" and "Cash Settlement" are specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect 
of each Security shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as 
applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset 
is equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(A) 
"Barrier Event" to be applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less than the Redemption Barrier, 
and: 
(a) 
a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount 
shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(b) 
a Barrier Event has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap) ; Floor] 
(B) 
"Barrier Event" to be not applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less than the Redemption 
Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap) ; Floor] 
(b) 
Redemption Amount 1 (Single Reference Asset) Cash Settlement and/or Physical 
Settlement 
If "Redemption Amount 1 (Single Reference Asset)" and "Cash Settlement and/or 
Physical Settlement" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset 
is equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, Cash Settlement shall apply 
and each Security shall be redeemed on the Security Redemption Date by 
payment of the Security Redemption Amount which shall be the Calculation 
Amount; 
 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(A) 
"Barrier Event" to be applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less than the Redemption Barrier, 
and:

--- Page 372 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
366 
 
(a) 
a Barrier Event has not occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and 
each Security shall be redeemed on the Security Redemption Date 
by payment of the Security Redemption Amount which shall be the 
Calculation Amount; or 
(b) 
a Barrier Event has occurred, Physical Settlement shall apply and 
the Issuer's redemption obligations under the Securities shall be 
discharged on the Security Redemption Date by the Issuer (x) 
delivering or procuring the delivery of the Reference Asset Amount 
in respect of each Security, and (y) paying the Residual Cash 
Amount (if any) in respect of each Security;  
(B) 
"Barrier Event" to be not applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less than the Redemption 
Barrier, Physical Settlement shall apply and the Issuer's redemption 
obligations under the Securities shall be discharged on the Security 
Redemption Date by the Issuer (I) delivering or procuring the delivery of 
the Reference Asset Amount in respect of each Security and (II) paying 
the Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each Security. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 2 Cash Settlement 
If "Redemption Amount 2" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall 
be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Worst Reference 
Asset is equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier in respect of such Worst 
Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation 
Amount;  
 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(A) 
"Barrier Event" to be applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Final Value of the Worst Reference Asset is less than the Redemption 
Barrier in respect of such Worst Reference Asset, and: 
(a) 
a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount 
shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(b) 
a Barrier Event has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛( Worst Final Value
Worst Initial Value ; Cap) ; Floor] 
(B) 
"Barrier Event" to be not applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Final Value of the Worst Reference Asset is less than the 
Redemption Barrier in respect of such Worst Reference Asset, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛( Worst Final Value
Worst Initial Value ; Cap) ; Floor] 
(d) 
Redemption Amount 2 Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement 
If "Redemption Amount 2" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" are 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms:

--- Page 373 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
367 
 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Worst Reference 
Asset is equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier in respect of such Worst 
Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation 
Amount; 
 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(A) 
"Barrier Event" to be applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Final Value of the Worst Reference Asset is less than the Redemption 
Barrier in respect of such Worst Reference Asset, and: 
(a) 
a Barrier Event has not occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
or 
(b) 
a Barrier Event has occurred, Physical Settlement shall apply and 
the Issuer's redemption obligations under the Securities shall be 
discharged on the Security Redemption Date by the Issuer (x) 
delivering or procuring the delivery of the Reference Asset Amount 
in respect of each Security, and (y) paying the Residual Cash 
Amount (if any) in respect of each Security; 
(B) 
"Barrier Event" to be not applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Final Value of the Worst Reference Asset is less than the 
Redemption Barrier in respect of such Worst Reference Asset, Physical 
Settlement shall apply and the Issuer's redemption obligations under the 
Securities shall be discharged on the Security Redemption Date by the 
Issuer (I) delivering or procuring the delivery of the Reference Asset 
Amount in respect of each Security, and (II) paying the Residual Cash 
Amount (if any) in respect of each Security. 
(e) 
Redemption Amount 3 Cash Settlement 
If "Redemption Amount 3" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall 
be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has not occurred, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(A) 
the Final Value of each Reference Asset is greater than the respective 
Initial Value of such Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount 
shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(B) 
the Final Value of any Reference Asset is equal to or less than the Initial 
Value of such Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below: 
CA × Worst Final Value
Worst Initial Value 
(f) 
Redemption Amount 3 Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement 
If "Redemption Amount 3" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" are 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that: 
 
a Barrier Event has not occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;

--- Page 374 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
368 
 
 
a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(A) 
the Final Value of each Reference Asset is, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify that (i) "greater than Initial Value" is applicable, greater than the 
respective Initial Value of such Reference Asset or (ii) "greater than or 
equal to Initial Value" is applicable, greater than or equal to the respective 
Initial Value of such Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount 
shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(B) 
the Final Value of any Reference Asset is, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify that (i) "equal to or less than Initial Value" is applicable, equal to 
or less than the Initial Value of such Reference Asset, or (ii) "less than 
Initial Value" is applicable, less than the Initial Value of such Reference 
Asset, Physical Settlement shall apply and the Issuer's redemption 
obligations under the Securities shall be discharged on the Security 
Redemption Date by the Issuer (I) delivering or procuring the delivery of 
the Reference Asset Amount in respect of each Security, and (II) paying 
the Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each Security. 
(g) 
Redemption Amount 4 Cash Settlement 
If "Redemption Amount 4" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall 
be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has not occurred, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(A) 
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is greater than or equal to the Initial 
Value of the Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount shall be 
the Calculation Amount; or 
(B) 
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less than the Initial Value of the 
Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × Final Value
Initial Value 
(h) 
Redemption Amount 4 Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement 
If "Redemption Amount 4" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" are 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that: 
 
a Barrier Event has not occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
 
a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(A) 
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is greater than or equal to the Initial 
Value of the Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount shall be 
the Calculation Amount; or 
(B) 
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less than the Initial Value of the 
Reference Asset, Physical Settlement shall apply and the Issuer's 
redemption obligations under the Securities shall be discharged on the 
Security Redemption Date by the Issuer (I) delivering or procuring the 
delivery of the Reference Asset Amount in respect of each Security, and 
(II) paying the Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each Security.

--- Page 375 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
369 
 
(i) 
Redemption Amount 5 
If "Redemption Amount 5" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has not occurred, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has occurred, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥{Floor; [1 + 𝑀𝑖𝑛(0; Worst Final Value
Worst Initial Value −1)]} 
(j) 
Bonus Securities Cash Settlement 
If "Bonus Securities" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has not 
occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(FRP; Bonus) 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has 
occurred, and: 
(A) 
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(FRP; Floor) 
(B) 
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −[PF1 × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Strike −FRP; 0)]; Floor} 
(k) 
Bonus Securities Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement 
If "Bonus Securities" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that: 
 
a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(FRP; Bonus) 
 
a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, Physical Settlement shall apply and 
the Issuer's redemption obligations under the Securities shall be discharged on the 
Security Redemption Date by the Issuer (A) delivering or procuring the delivery 
of the Reference Asset Amount in respect of each Security, and (B) paying the 
Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each Security. 
(l) 
Capped Bonus Securities Cash Settlement

--- Page 376 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
370 
 
If "Capped Bonus Securities" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall 
be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has not 
occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝑀𝑎𝑥(FRP; Bonus); Cap] 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has 
occurred, and: 
(A) 
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛(FRP; Cap) 
(B) 
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −[PF1 × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Strike −FRP; 0)]; Floor}; Cap) 
(m) 
Capped Bonus Securities Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement 
If "Capped Bonus Securities" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" are 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that: 
 
a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝑀𝑎𝑥(FRP; Bonus); Cap] 
 
a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, and: 
(A) 
the Final Relevant Performance is greater than or equal to the Cap, Cash 
Settlement shall apply and the Security Redemption Amount shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × Cap 
(B) 
the Final Relevant Performance is less than the Cap, Physical Settlement 
shall apply and the Issuer's redemption obligations under the Securities 
shall be discharged on the Security Redemption Date by the Issuer (I) 
delivering or procuring the delivery of the Reference Asset Amount in 
respect of each Security, and (II) paying the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) in respect of each Security.  
(n) 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Securities Cash Settlement 
If "Barrier Reverse Convertible Securities" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of 
each Security shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has not 
occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or

--- Page 377 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
371 
 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has 
occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛(FRP; 1) 
(o) 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Securities Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement 
If "Barrier Reverse Convertible Securities" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical 
Settlement" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that: 
 
a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
 
a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, and: 
(A) 
the Final Relevant Performance is greater than or equal to one (1), Cash 
Settlement shall apply and the Security Redemption Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount; or 
(B) 
the Final Relevant Performance is less than one (1), Physical Settlement 
shall apply and the Issuer's redemption obligations under the Securities 
shall be discharged on the Security Redemption Date by the Issuer (I) 
delivering or procuring the delivery of the Reference Asset Amount in 
respect of each Security, and (II) paying the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) in respect of each Security. 
(p) 
Reverse Convertible Securities Cash Settlement 
If "Reverse Convertible Securities" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security 
shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is equal 
to or greater than the Put Strike, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount; or 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is less 
than the Put Strike, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA ×
FRP
Put Strike 
(q) 
Reverse Convertible Securities Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement 
If "Reverse Convertible Securities" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that: 
 
the Final Relevant Performance is equal to or greater than the Put Strike, Cash 
Settlement shall apply and the Security Redemption Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount; or 
 
the Final Relevant Performance is less than the Put Strike, Physical Settlement 
shall apply and the Issuer's redemption obligations under the Securities shall be 
discharged on the Security Redemption Date by the Issuer (A) delivering or 
procuring the delivery of the Reference Asset Amount in respect of each Security, 
and (B) paying the Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each Security.

--- Page 378 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
372 
 
(r) 
Discount Securities 
If "Discount Securities" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛(FRP; Cap) 
(s) 
Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall 
be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset 
is equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap) 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset 
is less than the Redemption Barrier, and: 
(A) 
a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below:  
CA × (2 −Final Value
Initial Value) 
(B) 
a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1) 
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap) 
(2) 
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −[PF1 × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Strike − Final Value
Initial Value ;  0)] ; Floor} ; Cap) 
 
(t) 
Twin Win with no Cap (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Twin Win with no Cap (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall 
be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset 
is equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula below:

--- Page 379 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
373 
 
CA × Final Value
Initial Value 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset 
is less than the Redemption Barrier, and: 
(A) 
a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below:  
CA × (2 −Final Value
Initial Value) 
(B) 
a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1) 
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
CA × Final Value
Initial Value 
(2) 
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −[PF1 × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Strike −Final Value
Initial Value ; 0)] ;  Floor} 
(u) 
Barrier Event Redemption Amount (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Barrier Event Redemption Amount (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of 
each Security shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has not occurred, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(A) 
if "Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap) ; Floor] 
(B) 
if "Cap" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥( Final Value
Initial Value ; Floor) 
(v) 
ELIOS Redemption Amount 
If "ELIOS Redemption Amount" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable:

--- Page 380 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
374 
 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset 
is equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula below: 
CA × (1 + Final Redemption Multiplier × Final Redemption Value) 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset 
is less than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
CA × (Minimum Redemption Value + Final Value
Initial Value) 
(w) 
Best-of Bonus 
If "Best-of Bonus" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has not occurred, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[Bonus; ( Best Final Value
Best Initial Value)] 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(A) 
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × ( Worst Final Value
Worst Initial Value) 
(B) 
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −[PF1 × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Strike − Worst Final Value
Worst Initial Value ;  0)] ; Floor} 
(x) 
Capped Booster 1 
If "Capped Booster 1" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has not 
occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA + [CA × Participation × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{𝑀𝑎𝑥[( Final Value
Initial Value −Strike) ; Floor] ; Cap} × FXR] 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has 
occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{Downside Cap; 𝑀𝑎𝑥[( Final Value
Initial Value) ; Downside Floor]}

--- Page 381 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
375 
 
(y) 
Capped Booster 2 
If "Capped Booster 2" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has not 
occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA + [CA × Participation × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{𝑀𝑎𝑥[( Final Value
Initial Value −Strike) ; Floor] ; Cap} × FXR] 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has 
occurred and: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference 
Asset is equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA + [CA × Participation × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{𝑀𝑎𝑥[( Final Value
Initial Value −Strike) ; Floor] ; Cap} × FXR] 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference 
Asset is less than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{Downside Cap; 𝑀𝑎𝑥[( Final Value
Initial Value) ; Downside Floor]} 
(z) 
Redemption Amount 6 
If "Redemption Amount 6" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
VCA + [CA × Participation × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Floor; FRP) × FXR] 
(aa) 
Bullish Securities 
If "Bullish Securities" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × [Protection + {Participation × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[Floor; (
FBV
Initial Value −Strike)]}] 
(bb) 
Redemption at par 
If "Redemption at par" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be the Calculation 
Amount. 
(cc) 
Redemption Amount 7 (Single Reference Asset)  
If "Redemption Amount 7 (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall 
be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Knock-In Event has occurred, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;

--- Page 382 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
376 
 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Knock-In Event has not occurred and: 
(A) 
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is equal to or greater than the 
Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount; 
(B) 
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less than the Redemption Barrier, 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(a) 
"Barrier Event" to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that: 
(x) 
a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(y) 
a Barrier Event has occurred, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap) ; Floor] 
(b) 
"Barrier Event" to be not applicable, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap) ; Floor] 
(dd) 
Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security 
shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Knock-In Performance Event has 
occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Knock-In Performance Event has not 
occurred and: 
(A) 
the Final Value of the Final Worst Performance Reference Asset is equal 
to or greater than the Redemption Barrier in respect of such Final Worst 
Performance Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount shall be 
the Calculation Amount; 
(B) 
the Final Value of the Final Worst Performance Reference Asset is less 
than the Redemption Barrier in respect of such Final Worst Performance 
Reference Asset, where the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
(a) 
"Barrier Performance Event" to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(x) 
a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(y) 
a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛(Final Relevant Performance(Worst of); Cap); Floor]

--- Page 383 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
377 
 
(b) 
"Barrier Performance Event" to be not applicable, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛(Final Relevant Performance(Worst of); Cap); Floor] 
(ee) 
Call Warrants (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Call Warrants (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × Max ( Final Value
Initial Value −Strike; Floor) 
(ff) 
Call Warrants (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Call Warrants (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(AFWAR −Strike; Floor) 
(gg) 
Put Warrants (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Put Warrants (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Strike −Final Value
Initial Value ; Floor) 
(hh) 
Put Warrants (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Put Warrants (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Strike −AFWAR; Floor) 
(ii) 
Delta One (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Delta One (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥( Final Value
Initial Value ; Floor) 
(jj) 
Delta One (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Delta One (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(AFWP; Floor) 
(kk) 
Twin Win II with Cap 
If "Twin Win II with Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable:

--- Page 384 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
378 
 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset 
is equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛(PF1 × Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap) 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset 
is less than the Redemption Barrier, and: 
(A) 
a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below: 
CA × PF2 × (2 −Final Value
Initial Value) 
(B) 
a Barrier Event has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap) 
(ll) 
Twin Win II with no Cap 
If "Twin Win II with no Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each shall be determined in accordance 
with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset 
is equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula below: 
CA × PF1 × Final Value
Initial Value 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset 
is less than the Redemption Barrier, and: 
(A) 
a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below: 
CA × PF2 (2 −Final Value
Initial Value) 
(B) 
a Barrier Event has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below: 
CA × Final Value
Initial Value 
(mm) Outperformance with Cap 
If "Outperformance with Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable:

--- Page 385 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
379 
 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Asset Performance 
(FAP)(Final/Initial) of Reference Asset 1 is equal to or greater than the Final 
Asset Performance (FAP)(Final/Initial) of Reference Asset 2, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA + CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛[(PF1 × ( RA 1 Final Value
RA 1 Initial Value −RA 2 Final Value
RA 2 Initial Value)) ; Cap] 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Asset Performance 
(FAP)(Final/Initial) of Reference Asset 1 is less than the Final Asset Performance 
(FAP)(Final/Initial) of Reference Asset 2, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
  
CA + CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[(PF2 × ( RA 1 Final Value
RA 1 Initial Value −RA 2 Final Value
RA 2 Initial Value)) ; Floor] 
(nn) 
Outperformance with no Cap 
If "Outperformance with no Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable:  
 
if the Final Asset Performance (FAP)(Final/Initial) of Reference Asset 1 is equal 
to or greater than the Final Asset Performance (FAP)(Final/Initial) of Reference 
Asset 2, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × [PF1 × ( RA 1 Final Value
RA 1 Initial Value −RA 2 Final Value
RA 2 Initial Value)] 
 
if the Final Asset Performance (FAP)(Final/Initial) of Reference Asset 1 is less 
than the Final Asset Performance (FAP)(Final/Initial) of Reference Asset 2, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[(PF2 × ( RA 1 Final Value
RA 1 Initial Value −RA 1 Final Value
RA 2 Initial Value)) ; Floor] 
(oo) 
Redemption Amount 1 (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Redemption Amount 1 (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security 
shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Basket) 
is equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Basket) 
is less than the Redemption Barrier, then where the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(A) 
"Barrier Performance Event" to be applicable, and: 
(a) 
a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or

--- Page 386 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
380 
 
(b) 
a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝑀𝑖𝑛(Final Relevant Performance (Basket); Cap); Floor] 
(B) 
"Barrier Performance Event" to be not applicable, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝑀𝑖𝑛(Final Relevant Performance (Basket); Cap); Floor] 
(pp) 
Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall 
be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Basket) 
is equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛(Final Relevant Performance (Basket); Cap) 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Basket) 
is less than the Redemption Barrier, and: 
(A) 
a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below:  
CA × (2 - Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
(B) 
a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛(Final Relevant Performance (Basket); Cap) 
(qq) 
Twin Win with no Cap (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Twin Win with no Cap (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security 
shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Basket) 
is equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula below:  
CA × Final Relevant Performance (Basket) 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Basket) 
is less than the Redemption Barrier, and: 
(A) 
a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below:  
CA × (2 - Final Relevant Performance (Basket))

--- Page 387 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
381 
 
(B) 
a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × Final Relevant Performance (Basket) 
(rr) 
Barrier Event Redemption Amount (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Barrier Event Redemption Amount (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of 
each Security shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has not 
occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has 
occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛(1; Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
(ss) 
Downside Performance 
If "Downside Performance" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is equal 
to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be the Calculation Amount; 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is less 
than the Redemption Barrier, then where the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(A) 
"Barrier Performance Event" to be applicable, and: 
(a) 
a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(b) 
a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × (1 − 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [Floor; (Put Strike − FRP)]) 
(B) 
"Barrier Performance Event" to be not applicable, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × (1 − 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [Floor; (Put Strike − FRP)]) 
(tt) 
Redemption Amount 8 
If "Redemption Amount 8" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset 
is equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset 
is less than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an

--- Page 388 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
382 
 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [Floor; (1 −(Redemption Barrier −Final Value)
Initial Value
)] 
(uu) 
Olympus Redemption Amount 1  
If "Olympus Redemption Amount 1" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is equal 
to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, and: 
(A) 
a Barrier Event 1 has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{1 + [UpPFI × (FRP −1)]; UpCAP} 
(B) 
a Barrier Event 1 has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below:  
CA × PF1 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is less 
than the Redemption Barrier, and: 
(A) 
a Barrier Event 2 has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{1 −[DwnPFI × (FRP −1)]; Downside Cap} 
(B) 
a Barrier Event 2 has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below:  
CA × PF2 
For the avoidance of doubt, "Olympus Redemption Amount 1" shall not apply where 
FRP or Final Relevant Performance is specified to be Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst).  
(vv) 
Olympus Redemption Amount 2  
If "Olympus Redemption Amount 2" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is equal 
to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{1 + [UpPFI × (FRP −1)]; UpCAP} 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is less 
than the Redemption Barrier, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below:

--- Page 389 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
383 
 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{1 −[DwnPFI × (FRP −1)]; Downside Cap} 
For the avoidance of doubt, "Olympus Redemption Amount 2" shall not apply where 
FRP or Final Relevant Performance is specified to be Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst).  
(ww) Hydra Redemption Amount  
If "Hydra Redemption Amount" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is equal 
to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, and: 
(A) 
a Barrier Event 1 has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{1 + [UpPFI × (FRP −1)]; UpCAP} 
(B) 
a Barrier Event 1 has occurred, and: 
(1) 
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −[PF1 × (FRP −1)]; 0} 
(2) 
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −[PF1 × (FRP −Strike1)];Floor1} 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is less 
than the Redemption Barrier, and: 
(A) 
a Barrier Event 2 has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛{1 −[DwnPFI × (FRP −1)]; Downside Cap} 
(B) 
a Barrier Event 2 has occurred, and: 
(1) 
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 + [PF2 × (FRP −1)]; 0} 
(2) 
if "Linear Feature" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −[PF2 × (Strike2 −FRP)]; Floor2}

--- Page 390 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
384 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, "Hydra Redemption Amount" shall not apply where FRP or 
Final Relevant Performance is specified to be Final Relevant Performance (Worst).  
(xx) 
Leveraged Put (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Leveraged Put (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset 
is equal to or greater than the Put Strike, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be the Calculation Amount; or  
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset 
is less than the Put Strike, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × (1 −{
1
Strike × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[(Strike −Final Value
Initial Value) ; Floor]}) 
(yy) 
Leveraged Put (Basket of Reference Assets) 
If "Leveraged Put (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall 
be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is equal 
to or greater than the Put Strike, the Security Redemption Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount; or  
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is less 
than the Put Strike, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × (1 −{
1
Strike × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[(Strike −FRP); Floor]}) 
(zz) 
Market Participation 
If "Market Participation" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if "CapUp" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × {100% + 𝑀𝑎𝑥(0; PPUp × FRP) + 𝑀𝑎𝑥[FloorDown;  𝑀𝑖𝑛(0;  PPDown ×  FRP)]} 
 
if "CapUp" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below:  
CA × {100% + 𝑀𝑎𝑥[0;  𝑀𝑖𝑛(CapUp;PPUp × FRP)] + 𝑀𝑎𝑥[FloorDown;  𝑀𝑖𝑛(0;  PPDown ×  FRP)]} 
(aaa) Outperformance II with Cap 
If "Outperformance II with Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
if the Calculation Agent determines that: 
 
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is greater than or equal to the Initial Value 
of the Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:

--- Page 391 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
385 
 
CA × (1 + Participation × 𝑀𝑖𝑛[Cap −1; Final Value
Initial Value −1]) 
 
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less than the Initial Value of the 
Reference Asset, and: 
(A) 
"Cash Settlement" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
Cash Settlement shall apply and the Security Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below: 
CA × Final Value
Initial Value ; or 
(B) 
"Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, Physical Settlement shall apply and the 
Issuer's redemption obligations under the Securities shall be discharged on 
the Security Redemption Date by the Issuer (I) delivering or procuring the 
delivery of the Reference Asset Amount in respect of each Security, and 
(II) paying the Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each Security. 
(bbb) Outperformance II with no Cap 
If "Outperformance II with no Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that: 
 
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is greater than or equal to the Initial Value 
of the Reference Asset, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × (1 + Participation × [ Final Value
Initial Value −1]) 
 
the Final Value of the Reference Asset is less than the Initial Value of the 
Reference Asset, and: 
(A) 
"Cash Settlement" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
Cash Settlement shall apply and the Security Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below: 
CA × Final Value
Initial Value ; or 
(B) 
"Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, Physical Settlement shall apply and the 
Issuer's redemption obligations under the Securities shall be discharged on 
the Security Redemption Date by the Issuer (I) delivering or procuring the 
delivery of the Reference Asset Amount in respect of each Security, and 
(II) paying the Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each Security. 
(ccc) Double Barrier without Rebate 
If "Double Barrier without Rebate" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that: 
 
a Double Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
CA × [Participation + (𝑀𝑎𝑥{
Final Value
Initial Value −1; 0} + 𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −
Final Value
Initial Value ; 0})]; or

--- Page 392 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
386 
 
 
a Double Barrier Event has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
CA × Protection 
(ddd) Double Barrier with Rebate 
If "Double Barrier with Rebate" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
if the Calculation Agent determines that: 
 
a Double Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
CA × [Participation + (𝑀𝑎𝑥{
Final Value
Initial Value −1; 0} + 𝑀𝑎𝑥{1 −
Final Value
Initial Value ; 0})]; or 
 
a Double Barrier Event has occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
CA × [Protection + Rebate] 
(eee) Lock-in Event Redemption 
If "Lock-in Event Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that either: 
(A) 
no Barrier Event has occurred; or  
(B) 
either (1) if "Coupon Lock-in Event for Redemption" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Coupon Lock-in Event has 
occurred in respect of any Coupon Valuation Date, or (2) if "Coupon Lock-
in Event for Redemption" is not specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, a Lock-in Event has occurred in respect of any Lock-in 
Valuation Date, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that both:  
(A) 
a Barrier Event has occurred; and  
(B) 
either (1) if "Coupon Lock-in Event for Redemption" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, no Coupon Lock-in Event has 
occurred in respect of any Coupon Valuation Date, or (2) if "Coupon Lock-
in Event for Redemption" is not specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, no Lock-in Event has occurred in respect of any Lock-in 
Valuation Date,  
the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Floor;
FRP
Put Strike)

--- Page 393 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
387 
 
(fff) 
Reverse Trigger 
If "Reverse Trigger" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has not 
occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × (1 + Reverse Trigger Bonus) 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has 
occurred, and: 
(A) 
if "Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛(Participation × FRP; Cap); Floor] 
(B) 
if "Cap" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Participation × FRP; Floor) 
(ggg) Buffered Return Enhanced (Single Reference Asset) 
If "Buffered Return Enhanced (Single Reference Asset)" is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security 
shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset 
is equal to or greater than its Initial Value, and: 
(A) 
if "Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛[1 + (Upside Gearing × Asset Return); Cap]; or 
(B) 
if "Cap" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × [1 + (Upside Gearing × Asset Return)] 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset 
is less than its Initial Value but greater than or equal to the Redemption Barrier, 
the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Asset 
is less than its Initial Value and less than the Redemption Barrier, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[(1 + Asset Return) × Downside Gearing; Floor]

--- Page 394 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
388 
 
(hhh) Barrier Event Redemption Amount (Basket of Reference Assets with Single 
Reference Asset Knock-In) 
If "Barrier Event Redemption Amount (Basket of Reference Assets with Single 
Reference Asset Knock-In)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if 
the Calculation Agent determines that: 
 
a Single of a Basket Knock-In Event has occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply 
and the Security Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
 
a Single of a Basket Knock-In Event has not occurred, and: 
(A) 
a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption Amount shall 
be the Calculation Amount; or 
(B) 
a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1) 
"Cash Settlement" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛(100%;
Worst Final Value
Worst Initial Value) ; Floor]or 
(2) 
"Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, Physical Settlement shall 
apply and the Issuer's redemption obligations under the Securities 
shall be discharged on the Security Redemption Date by the Issuer 
(I) delivering or procuring the delivery of the Reference Asset 
Amount in respect of each Security, and (II) paying the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each Security. 
(iii) 
Barrier Performance Event Redemption Amount (Basket of Reference Assets with 
Single Reference Asset Knock-In) 
If "Barrier Performance Event Redemption Amount (Basket of Reference Assets with 
Single Reference Asset Knock-In)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Best) is 
greater than or equal to the Knock-In Best Performance Strike, the Security 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Best) is 
less than the Knock-In Best Performance Strike, and 
(A) 
a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(B) 
a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the Security Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛(100%; Worst Final Value
Worst Initial Value) ; Floor] 
(jjj) 
Drop Back Redemption Amount 
If "Drop Back Redemption Amount" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, and:

--- Page 395 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
389 
 
 
"Cash Settlement" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[(Final Cash Allocation + Equity Performance); Floor] 
 
"Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, Physical Settlement shall apply and the Issuer's redemption 
obligations under the Securities shall be discharged on the Security Redemption 
Date by the Issuer (A) delivering or procuring the delivery of the Reference Asset 
Amount in respect of each Security, and (B) paying the Residual Cash Amount 
(if any) in respect of each Security. 
(kkk) Barrier Event Redemption Amount with Instalment Feature (Single Reference 
Asset) 
If "Barrier Event Redemption Amount with Instalment Feature (Single Reference 
Asset)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Security Redemption 
Amount in respect of each Security shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) 
or (ii), as applicable: 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has not occurred, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × (1 −Instalment Percentage) 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(A) 
if "Cap" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × (1 −Instalment Percentage) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap) ; Floor] 
(B) 
if "Cap" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Security Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × (1 −Instalment Percentage) × 𝑀𝑎𝑥( Final Value
Initial Value ; Floor) 
(lll) 
Currency Conversion 
If "Currency Conversion" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, and 
notwithstanding any Payout Condition to the contrary, the Security Redemption Amount 
in respect of each Security shall be an amount in the Converted Currency determined as 
follows: 
 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the amount, prior to any rounding, that 
would have been payable in respect of each Security pursuant to the applicable 
formula and/or provisions in Payout Conditions 3(a) to 3(kkk) as is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms (such amount, the "Unconverted 
Amount"); and 
 
the Calculation Agent shall notionally convert the Unconverted Amount into the 
Converted Currency at the Final FX Rate, and the amount in the Converted 
Currency resulting from such notional conversion shall be the Security 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Security.

--- Page 396 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
390 
 
If "Currency Conversion" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
FX Rate shall only be used in these Payout Conditions to determine the Final FX Rate 
for the purposes of this Payout Condition 3(lll) and shall not be used to determine any 
other variable or event in these Payout Conditions that is used to calculate and/or 
determine the Security Redemption Amount or, if applicable, Early Redemption Amount 
or Coupon Amount (including, without limitation, the Final Value, Initial Value, 
Reference Asset Closing Value, Reference Asset Intra-Day Value, FRP, Barrier Event, 
Barrier Performance Event, Coupon Barrier Event, Coupon Event, Early Redemption 
Event or Daily Observation Early Redemption Event (in each case, if applicable)). 
4 
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Payout Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms 
shall have the respective meanings set out below: 
"Adjusted Asset Initial Valuation Date" means, in respect of Securities that relate to: 
(a) a single Reference Asset, the Initial Valuation Date, Initial Pricing Date, Final 
Averaging Date in respect of the Initial Valuation Date, or Specified Observation Date 
(as applicable) in respect of such Reference Asset after all adjustments (if any) to such 
date pursuant to the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions, or (b) a basket of 
Reference Assets, the latest Initial Valuation Date, Initial Pricing Date, Final Averaging 
Date in respect of the Initial Valuation Date, or Specified Observation Date (as 
applicable) to occur in respect of the Reference Assets after all adjustments (if any) to 
such dates pursuant to the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions. 
"Adjusted Asset Valuation Date" means, in respect of Securities that relate to: (a) a 
single Reference Asset, the Valuation Date, Final Pricing Date or Final Averaging Date 
in respect of the Valuation Date (as applicable) in respect of such Reference Asset after 
all adjustments (if any) to such date pursuant to the applicable Reference Asset Linked 
Conditions, or (b) a basket of Reference Assets, the latest Valuation Date, Final Pricing 
Date or Final Averaging Date in respect of the Valuation Date (as applicable) to occur 
in respect of the Reference Assets after all adjustments (if any) to such dates pursuant to 
the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions. 
"Adjusted Share Valuation Date" means the Valuation Date in respect of the 
Deliverable Reference Asset after all adjustments (if any) to such date pursuant to the 
Share Linked Provisions. 
"AFWP" means Aggregate Final Weighted Performance.  
"AFWAR" means Aggregate Final Weighted Asset Return.  
"Aggregate Final Weighted Asset Return" means the aggregate of the Final Weighted 
Asset Return of each Reference Asset in the Basket of Reference Assets, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Aggregate Final Weighted Performance" means the aggregate of the Final Weighted 
Performance (Final/Initial) of each Reference Asset in the Basket of Reference Assets, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Aggregate Preceding Coupon Amounts" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of each Security as being 
equal to the aggregate amount of all Coupon Amounts (if any) paid in respect of all 
Coupon Payment Dates (if any) preceding such Coupon Payment Date for each Security, 
provided that if there are no preceding Coupon Payment Dates and/or no Coupon 
Amount has been paid prior to such Coupon Payment Date, then the APCA for such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
"Allocation (i)" means, in respect of each "i", an amount specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms.

--- Page 397 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
391 
 
"APCA" means Aggregate Preceding Coupon Amounts.  
"AP(CVD)" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and where the Securities 
relate to: 
(a) 
a single Reference Asset, the Asset Performance of the Reference Asset in respect 
of such Coupon Valuation Date; or 
(b) 
a Basket of Reference Assets, the Relevant Performance (Basket) in respect of 
such Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Asset Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Asset and any relevant day, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Value(t)
Initial Value 
"Asset Return" means, in respect of a Reference Asset, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Value −Initial Value
Initial Value
 
"Averaging Date", in respect of:  
(a) 
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions;  
(b) 
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions; 
(c) 
an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions; and 
(d) 
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions. 
"Averaging Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of the Reference Asset and an Initial Valuation Date, Coupon 
Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable) for 
such Reference Asset, the period commencing on the relevant Averaging Observation 
Period Start Date and ending on the relevant Averaging Observation Period End Date. 
"Averaging Observation Period End Date" means, in respect of the Reference Asset 
and an Initial Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date 
or Valuation Date (as applicable), the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, 
which shall be the last day of the Averaging Observation Period, and shall be included 
or excluded from the Averaging Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Averaging Observation Period Start Date” means, in respect of the Reference Asset 
and an Initial Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date 
or Valuation Date (as applicable), the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, 
which shall be the first day of the relevant Averaging Observation Period, and shall be 
included or excluded from the Averaging Observation Period, as provided in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means:  
(a) 
if "Barrier Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date and an Observation 
Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period corresponding 
to the Barrier Reference Date (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), the Reference Asset Closing Value of any Reference Asset on such 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
(i) "less than or equal to Barrier Event Strike" is applicable, less than or equal to

--- Page 398 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
392 
 
the Barrier Event Strike in respect of such Reference Asset or (ii) "less than 
Barrier Event Strike" is applicable, less than the Barrier Event Strike in respect of 
such Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(b) 
if "Barrier Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date and an Observation 
Date (Intra-Day Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period 
corresponding to the Barrier Reference Date (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed 
to have occurred if), the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of any Reference Asset 
at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is, if the relevant 
Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Event Strike" is 
applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike in respect of such 
Reference Asset or (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike" is applicable, less than the 
Barrier Event Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; or 
(c) 
if "Barrier Reference Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the 
Reference Asset Closing Value of any Reference Asset on the Barrier Reference 
Date is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier 
Event Strike" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike in respect 
of such Reference Asset or (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike" is applicable, less 
than the Barrier Event Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, each as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Barrier Event 1" means:  
(a) 
if "Barrier Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date 1 and an 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period 1 
corresponding to the Barrier Reference Date 1 (and a Barrier Event 1 shall be 
deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Asset Closing Value of any Reference 
Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Event Strike 1" is applicable, 
less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset 
or (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike 1" is applicable, less than the Barrier Event 
Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or  
(b) 
if "Barrier Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date 1 and an 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period 
1 corresponding to the Barrier Reference Date 1 (and a Barrier Event 1 shall be 
deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of any 
Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is, 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Event 
Strike 1" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect 
of such Reference Asset or (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike 1" is applicable, 
less than the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset, each as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(c) 
if "Barrier Reference Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, (and a Barrier Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred if), the 
Reference Asset Closing Value of any Reference Asset on the Barrier Reference 
Date 1 is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier 
Event Strike 1" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 1 in 
respect of such Reference Asset or (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike 1" is 
applicable, less than the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Barrier Event 2" means:

--- Page 399 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
393 
 
(a) 
if "Barrier Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date 2 and an 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period 2 
corresponding to the Barrier Reference Date 2 (and a Barrier Event 2 shall be 
deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Asset Closing Value of any Reference 
Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, 
less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset 
or (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, less than the Barrier Event 
Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or  
(b) 
if "Barrier Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date 2 and an 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period 
2 corresponding to the Barrier Reference Date 2 (and a Barrier Event 2 shall be 
deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of any 
Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is, 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Event 
Strike 2" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect 
of such Reference Asset or (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, 
less than the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset, each as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(c) 
if "Barrier Reference Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, (and a Barrier Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred if), the 
Reference Asset Closing Value of any Reference Asset on the Barrier Reference 
Date 2 is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier 
Event Strike 2" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 2 in 
respect of such Reference Asset or (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike 2" is 
applicable, less than the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Barrier Event Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
in respect of a Reference Asset. 
"Barrier Event Strike 1" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
in respect of a Reference Asset. 
"Barrier Event Strike 2" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
in respect of a Reference Asset. 
"Barrier Observation Period" means: 
(a) 
if "Barrier Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a Barrier Reference Date for such 
Reference Asset, the period commencing on the relevant Barrier Observation 
Period Start Date and ending on the relevant Barrier Observation Period End 
Date. Where the Securities relate to a Basket of Reference Assets, there shall be 
a separate Barrier Observation Period for each Reference Asset in respect of the 
Barrier Reference Date; or 
(b) 
if "Barrier Observation Period 1" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a Barrier Reference Date 1 for such 
Reference Asset, the period commencing on the relevant Barrier Observation 
Period Start Date 1 and ending on the relevant Barrier Observation Period End 
Date 1 (the "Barrier Observation Period 1"). Where the Securities relate to a 
Basket of Reference Assets, there shall be a separate Barrier Observation Period 
1 for each Reference Asset in respect of the Barrier Reference Date 1; or

--- Page 400 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
394 
 
(c) 
if "Barrier Observation Period 2" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a Barrier Reference Date 2 for such 
Reference Asset, the period commencing on the relevant Barrier Observation 
Period Start Date 2 and ending on the relevant Barrier Observation Period End 
Date 2 (the "Barrier Observation Period 2"). Where the Securities relate to a 
Basket of Reference Assets, there shall be a separate Barrier Observation Period 
2 for each Reference Asset in respect of the Barrier Reference Date 2. 
"Barrier Observation Period End Date" means, if "Barrier Observation Period" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset 
and a Barrier Reference Date for such Reference Asset, such Barrier Reference Date for 
such Reference Asset, which shall be the last day of the relevant Barrier Observation 
Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Barrier Observation Period, as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Barrier Observation Period End Date 1" means, if "Barrier Observation Period 1" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset 
and a Barrier Reference Date 1 for such Reference Asset, such Barrier Reference Date 1 
for such Reference Asset, which shall be the last day of the relevant Barrier Observation 
Period 1, and shall be included or excluded from the Barrier Observation Period 1, as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Barrier Observation Period End Date 2" means, if "Barrier Observation Period 2" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset 
and a Barrier Reference Date 2 for such Reference Asset, such Barrier Reference Date 2 
for such Reference Asset, which shall be the last day of the relevant Barrier Observation 
Period 2, and shall be included or excluded from the Barrier Observation Period 2, as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Barrier Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Barrier Observation Period" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset 
and a Barrier Reference Date for such Reference Asset, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant Barrier Observation 
Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Barrier Observation Period, as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Barrier Observation Period Start Date 1" means, if "Barrier Observation Period 1" 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset 
and a Barrier Reference Date 1 for such Reference Asset, the date specified as such in 
the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant Barrier Observation 
Period 1, and shall be included or excluded from the Barrier Observation Period 1, as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Barrier Observation Period Start Date 2" means, if "Barrier Observation Period 2" 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset 
and a Barrier Reference Date 2 for such Reference Asset, the date specified as such in 
the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant Barrier Observation 
Period 2, and shall be included or excluded from the Barrier Observation Period 2, as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Barrier Performance Event" means:  
(a) 
if "Barrier Performance Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date and an 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the Barrier Performance 
Observation Period corresponding to the Barrier Reference Date (and a Barrier 
Performance Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Relevant 
Performance in respect of such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is, if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Performance 
Strike" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Performance Strike or (ii)

--- Page 401 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
395 
 
"less than Barrier Performance Strike" is applicable, less than the Barrier 
Performance Strike, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(b) 
if "Barrier Performance Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date 
and an Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) falling in the Barrier Performance 
Observation Period corresponding to the Barrier Reference Date (and a Barrier 
Performance Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Relevant 
Performance at any time in respect of such Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to 
Barrier Performance Strike" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier 
Performance Strike or (ii) "less than Barrier Performance Strike" is applicable, 
less than the Barrier Performance Strike, each as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or 
(c) 
if "Barrier Performance Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, (and a Barrier Performance Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
the Relevant Performance in respect of the Barrier Reference Date is, if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Performance 
Strike" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Performance Strike or (ii) 
"less than Barrier Performance Strike" is applicable, less than the Barrier 
Performance Strike, each as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Barrier Performance Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset, the period commencing on the 
relevant Barrier Performance Observation Period Start Date and ending on the relevant 
Barrier Performance Observation Period End Date. Where the Securities relate to a 
Basket of Reference Assets, there shall be a separate Barrier Performance Observation 
Period for each Reference Asset in respect of the Barrier Reference Date. 
"Barrier Performance Observation Period End Date" means, if "Barrier Performance 
Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect 
of a Reference Asset and the Barrier Reference Date for such Reference Asset, such 
Barrier Reference Date for such Reference Asset, which shall be the last day of the 
relevant Barrier Performance Observation Period, and shall be included or excluded from 
the Barrier Performance Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Performance Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Barrier 
Performance Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant Barrier Performance Observation 
Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Barrier Performance Observation 
Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Performance Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Barrier Reference Date" means the Valuation Date, the Final Pricing Date, the FX 
Valuation Date, the Final Averaging Date in respect of the Valuation Date or any other 
date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Barrier Reference Date 1" means the Valuation Date, the Final Pricing Date, the FX 
Valuation Date, the Final Averaging Date in respect of the Valuation Date or any other 
date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Barrier Reference Date 2" means the Valuation Date, the Final Pricing Date, the FX 
Valuation Date, the Final Averaging Date in respect of the Valuation Date or any other 
date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Basket of Reference Assets" means:

--- Page 402 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
396 
 
(a) 
a basket of Shares; or 
(b) 
a basket of Indices; or 
(c) 
a basket of Commodities;  
(d) 
a basket of Commodity Indices; 
(e) 
a basket of FX Rates; 
(f) 
a basket of Funds; or 
(g) 
a basket of any of the above Reference Assets, 
each, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Best Final Value" means the Final Value of the Best Reference Asset. 
"Best Initial Value" means the Initial Value of the Best Reference Asset. 
"Best Reference Asset" means, in respect of any relevant day, the Reference Asset with 
the highest Asset Return on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent (provided 
that if two or more Reference Assets have the same highest Asset Return on such day, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine which such Reference Asset shall be the Best 
Reference Asset in its sole and absolute discretion, and such Reference Asset shall be 
the Best Reference Asset for such day). 
"Bonus" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Buffer Percentage" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Business Day Convention" has the meaning given in the General Conditions. 
"CA" means the Calculation Amount.  
"Calculation Amount" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Cap" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"CapUp" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"CF" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"CFDM" means the Coupon Factor Denominator Multiplier. 
"Closing Commodity Index Level" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked 
Provisions. 
"Closing Fund Price" has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions.  
"Closing Index Level" has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions. 
"Closing Share Price" has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions. 
"Commodity" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Provisions. 
"Commodity Index" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Provisions. 
"Commodity Index Level" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Provisions. 
"Commodity Price" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Provisions. 
"Commodity Reference Price" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked 
Provisions.

--- Page 403 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
397 
 
"Contingent Floating Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the 
calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date: 
(a) 
where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Contingent Floating Rate is to be determined, the Contingent 
Floating Rate (Screen Rate) determined in respect of such Coupon Payment Date 
and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date; 
(b) 
where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner 
in which the Contingent Floating Rate is to be determined, the Contingent 
Floating Rate (ISDA Rate) determined in respect of such Coupon Payment Date 
and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date; 
(c) 
where SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination) is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the Contingent 
Floating Rate is to be determined, the Contingent Floating Rate (SONIA (Non-
Index Determination)) determined in respect of such Coupon Payment Date and 
the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date; 
(d) 
where SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index Determination) is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the Contingent Floating Rate is 
to be determined, the Contingent Floating Rate (SONIA (Index Determination)) 
determined in respect of such Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the 
Coupon Amount payable on such date; 
(e) 
where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
as the manner in which the Contingent Floating Rate is to be determined and save 
where Index Determination applies, the Contingent Floating Rate (SOFR (Non-
Index Determination)) determined in respect of such Coupon Payment Date and 
the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date;  
(f) 
where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
as the manner in which the Contingent Floating Rate is to be determined and 
where Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Contingent Floating Rate (SOFR (Index Determination)) determined 
in respect of such Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon 
Amount payable on such date; 
(g) 
where TONA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Contingent Floating Rate is to be determined, 
the Contingent Floating Rate (TONA Determination) determined in respect of 
such Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable 
on such date; or 
(h) 
where €STR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
as the manner in which the Contingent Floating Rate is to be determined, the 
Contingent Floating Rate (€STR Determination) determined in respect of such 
Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such 
date, 
provided that the provisions of General Condition 8.2(c) (Consequences of an Index 
Cessation/Benchmark Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event) shall apply to such 
Contingent Floating Rate as if the relevant Reference Asset Linked Coupon Notes or 
Reference Asset Linked Coupon Certificates were Floating Rate Coupon Certificates. 
"Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period" means, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the period from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date 
to, but excluding, the first Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date and each 
successive period from, and including, a Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End 
Date to, but excluding, the next succeeding Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End 
Date.

--- Page 404 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
398 
 
"Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date" means each date specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, each Coupon Payment Date 
and if the relevant Issue Terms specify, in respect of such Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Date: (a) "Adjusted", such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period 
End Date shall be adjusted in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention 
if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or (b) "Unadjusted", such Contingent Floating 
Rate Coupon Period End Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date" means, with respect to a 
Contingent Floating Rate and a Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period, unless 
otherwise provided in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(a) 
subject where any of (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) or (h) below applies: 
 
the first day of such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period if the 
Specified Currency is Sterling; 
 
the day falling two TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the first day of 
such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period if the Specified Currency is 
euro; 
 
the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency 
prior to the first day of such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period if 
the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro; 
(b) 
where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the date on 
which the applicable rate is determined in accordance with the applicable Floating 
Rate Option as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
where SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination) is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the fifth day on which 
commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London prior to the Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Date in respect of each Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period; 
(d) 
where SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index Determination) is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End 
Date in respect of the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period; 
(e) 
where (i) SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified to be applicable and (ii) 
Index Determination is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date in respect of each Contingent Floating 
Rate Coupon Period;  
(f) 
where (i) SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified to be applicable and (ii) 
Index Determination is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date in respect of each 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period; 
(g) 
where TONA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, "p" Business Days prior to the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period 
End Date of the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period; or 
(h) 
where €STR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
"p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period End Date in respect of each Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period.

--- Page 405 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
399 
 
"Contingent Floating Rate (€STR Determination)" means, in respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date, a rate 
equal to Compounded Daily €STR as determined in respect of the Contingent Floating 
Rate Coupon Determination Date. For the purposes of this definition of Contingent 
Floating Rate (€STR Determination), "Compounded Daily €STR" means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards): 
(1) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
(2) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝑆𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily €STR only compounds the €STR rate in respect of any 
TARGET2 Settlement Day. The €STR reference rate applied to a day that is not 
a TARGET2 Settlement Day will be taken by applying the €STR reference rate 
for the previous TARGET2 Settlement Day but without compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
"d" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
"d0" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of TARGET2 Settlement Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of TARGET2 Settlement Days in the 
relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET2 Settlement Day in chronological order: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first TARGET2 Settlement 
Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last 
TARGET2 Settlement Day in such Observation Period; and

--- Page 406 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
400 
 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily €STR (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first TARGET2 Settlement 
Day in the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period to, and 
including, the last TARGET2 Settlement Day in such Contingent Floating 
Rate Coupon Period. 
"ni" for any TARGET2 Settlement Day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such TARGET2 Settlement Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following TARGET2 Settlement Day. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of a Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period, the period from, and including, the date falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement 
Days prior to the first day of such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period and 
ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior 
to the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date for such Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Securities become due and payable). 
"p" means five TARGET2 Settlement Days or such number of TARGET2 
Settlement Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"€STRi" or "€STR rate" in respect of any TARGET2 Settlement Day "i", in the 
relevant Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-
term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET2 Settlement Day as provided by the 
administrator of €STR to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors (on the TARGET2 Settlement Day immediately following 
such TARGET2 Settlement Day). 
"€STRi-pTSD" in respect of any TARGET2 Settlement Day "i", in the relevant 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period, means a reference rate equal to €STR 
for the TARGET2 Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior 
to such TARGET2 Settlement Day "i" as provided by the administrator of €STR 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the relevant Page or, if such 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on 
the TARGET2 Settlement Day immediately following the TARGET2 Settlement 
Day falling "p" TARGET2 Settlement Days prior to such TARGET2 Settlement 
Day "i"). 
∏𝑛
𝑖=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For 
example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
360) −1
30
𝑖=1
] 
means [(1 + X1 / 360 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2 / 360 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 360 ) – 1]. 
If, in respect of any relevant TARGET2 Settlement Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the €STR rate is not available on the relevant Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the Calculation 
Agent will determine such €STR rate as being the €STR rate published on the 
relevant Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding TARGET2 Settlement Day on which the €STR rate was 
published on such Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to determine 
the €STR rate in accordance with the preceding sentence, the €STR rate in respect 
of the relevant TARGET2 Settlement Day shall be such other rate as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers 
appropriate and any alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account

--- Page 407 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
401 
 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, 
the derivatives market). 
"Contingent Floating Rate (ISDA Rate)" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and 
the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date, a rate equal to the ISDA Rate in 
respect of the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period ending on or immediately before such 
Coupon Payment Date that would be determined by the Calculation Agent (each as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions) under an interest rate swap transaction ("Swap Transaction") under the 
terms of an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions, and under 
which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms;  
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms; and  
(d) 
the relevant Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
(if any) is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms,  
provided that if, prior to: 
(I) 
the occurrence of an Index Cessation Effective Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
in respect of the ISDA Rate; and 
(II) 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date (as defined in the 2021 
Definitions); and 
(III) 
the application of any provision relating to discontinued rates maturities (as described in 
the ISDA Definitions), 
the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot be determined in accordance with 
the ISDA Definitions read with paragraphs (a) to (d) above, then the ISDA Rate for a Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period (or relevant day, as applicable) shall be such rate as is determined 
by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard 
to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards 
in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). For the purposes 
of Contingent Floating Rate (ISDA Rate), terms used for the purpose of determining the relevant 
ISDA Rate under the relevant ISDA Definitions shall have the meanings given to those terms 
in the relevant ISDA Definitions as read together with General Condition 37.3 (ISDA 
Determination Additional Provisions). 
"Contingent Floating Rate (Screen Rate)" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and 
the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date, a rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date in respect of such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period in accordance 
with the following: 
(A) 
the Contingent Floating Rate shall be: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations; or 
(3) 
the rate provided by the relevant administrator, 
in each case expressed as a percentage rate per annum, of the Reference Rate appearing 
on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date;

--- Page 408 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
402 
 
(B) 
(subject as provided in paragraph (C) below in respect of a Reference Rate that is a Swap 
Rate) if sub-paragraph (A)(1) above applies and no such offered quotation appears on 
the Page at the Relevant Time on the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Determination 
Date or if sub-paragraph (A)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (A)(3) above applies and the Reference 
Rate does not appear on the relevant Page and the Reference Rate is not published by the 
administrator of the Reference Rate or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise 
provided by the administrator of the Reference Rate, in each case as of the Relevant 
Time, then a "Contingent Floating Rate Disruption" ("Contingent Floating Rate 
Disruption") shall have occurred and the Contingent Floating Rate shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, having 
regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market). For the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, the Calculation Agent may 
determine the relevant Contingent Floating Rate by reference to one or more of the 
following methods: 
(1) 
the Contingent Floating Rate may be the Adjusted Arithmetic Mean of the offered 
quotations that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Determination Date, provided that the Calculation Agent determines that 
at least two such Reference Banks are so quoting Reference Rates; 
(2) 
the Contingent Floating Rate may be the rate formally recommended for use by 
the administrator of the Reference Rate or the supervisor or competent authority 
(or a committee endorsed or convened by any such entity) responsible for 
supervising the Reference Rate or the administrator thereof; and 
(3) 
the Contingent Floating Rate may be the Reference Rate last provided or 
published by the relevant administrator; or 
(C) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (B) above, where a Contingent Floating Rate Disruption 
has occurred in respect of a Reference Rate that is a Swap Rate, the Contingent Floating 
Rate for such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date (or other day (as 
applicable)) shall be such commercially reasonable alternative rate as is determined by 
the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
having regard to such sources as it considers appropriate and any alternative benchmark 
then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Contingent Floating Rate to be determined 
on a Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date, the date specified as such in 
the relevant Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of the Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period to which such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date relates. 
"Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms for the purpose of 
providing a Reference Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as 
may replace it on that information service or on such other information service, in each 
case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to 
that Reference Rate.  
"Reference Banks" means each institution specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, if none, each major bank selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market 
(or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most

--- Page 409 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
403 
 
closely connected with the Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, 
shall be the Euro-zone). 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Contingent Floating Rate 
(Screen Rate) to be determined on a Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Determination 
Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Reference Rate is most 
closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none 
is so connected, London. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial 
Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits 
in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and 
for this purpose "local time" means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a 
Relevant Financial Centre, 11.00 hours, Brussels Time. 
"Contingent Floating Rate (SOFR (Index Determination)) " means, in respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date, a rate calculated 
by reference to the following formula and based on the SOFR Index (as defined below) (the 
"SOFR Compounded Index") and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards: 
Compounded Daily SOFR = 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × 360
𝑑𝑐
 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following meanings: 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which SOFR 
IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SOFR IndexEnd is 
determined; 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR 
Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of 
such index (or any successor administrator of such index) as such index appears on the website 
of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website or the website of any successor administrator for the publication of such index at 3:00 
pm New York City time; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period 
End Date for the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period; 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(or any successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for 
the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SOFR Index value has not been provided or 
published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor administrator) or 
authorised distributors or the relevant website is not available, the relevant SOFR Index value 
will be the last provided or published value for the SOFR Index prior to the day on which the

--- Page 410 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
404 
 
SOFR Index value is required. If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to determine 
the SOFR Index value in accordance with the preceding sentence, the SOFR Index value in 
respect of the relevant determination date shall be such other rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate and any 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in 
any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
"Contingent Floating Rate (SOFR (Non-Index Determination))" means, in respect of a 
Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following meanings: 
"d" means: 
(i) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Lag" as the applicable Observation Method, 
the number of calendar days in the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period; 
or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Shift" as the applicable Observation Method, 
the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"d0" means: 
(i)  
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Lag" as the applicable Observation Method, 
in respect of any Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Shift" as the applicable Observation Method, 
in respect of any SOFR Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"i" means: 
(i)  
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Lag" as the applicable Observation Method, a 
series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Period; or  
(ii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specify "Shift" as the applicable Observation Method, 
a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant the SOFR Observation 
Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the number of calendar days from 
and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day up to but excluding the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day;  
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms;

--- Page 411 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
405 
 
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
"SOFR Observation Period" means in respect of each Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period, the period from and including the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the first date in such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period to but excluding 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date in respect of the relevant Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Period; 
"SOFR Reference Rate", in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
("USBDx"), is a reference rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing ("SOFR") rate for 
such USBDx as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of 
such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website of 
any successor administrator for the publication of such rate (the "New York Federal Reserve's 
Website") (in each case, on or about 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately following such USBDx) or if the New York Federal 
Reserve's Website is unavailable as otherwise published by or on behalf of the relevant 
administrator; 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means: 
(a) 
where in the relevant Issue Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, (save 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" falling in the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period, the 
SOFR Reference Rate for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to such day; or 
(b) 
where in the relevant Issue Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, (save 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for such day; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(or any successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for 
the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; and 
∏𝒏
𝒊=𝟏
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
360) −1
30
𝑖=1
] 
means [(1 + X1 / 360 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2 / 360 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 360 ) – 1]. 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SOFR has not been provided or published by 
or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor administrator) or authorised 
distributors or the relevant website is not available, the relevant SOFR will be the last provided 
or published value for the SOFR prior to the day on which the SOFR is required. If the 
Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to determine the SOFR in accordance with the 
preceding sentence, the SOFR in respect of the relevant determination date shall be such other 
rate as determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers 
appropriate and any alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
"Contingent Floating Rate (SONIA (Index Determination)) " means, in respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date, a rate calculated 
by reference to the screen rate or index administered by the administrator of the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or

--- Page 412 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
406 
 
other information service from time to time at the relevant time on the relevant determination 
dates specified below (the "SONIA Compounded Index") and the following formula: 
Compounded Daily SONIA = 
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑦
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑥
−1) × 365
𝑑 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following meanings: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which "x" is 
determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which "y" is determined;  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"x" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the 
day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period; and 
"y" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the 
day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Date of the relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SONIA Compounded Index value has not been 
provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor 
administrator) or authorised distributors or the relevant website is not available, the relevant 
SONIA Compounded Index value will be the last such value provided for the SONIA 
Compounded Index. If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to determine the 
SONIA Compounded Index in accordance with the preceding sentence, the SONIA 
Compounded Index in respect of the relevant determination date shall be such other rate as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate 
and any alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
"Contingent Floating Rate (SONIA (Non-Index Determination))" means, in respect of a 
Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date, a rate 
equal to Compounded Daily SONIA as determined in respect of the Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Determination Date. For the purposes of this definition of Contingent Floating Rate 
(SONIA (Non-Index Determination)), "Compounded Daily SONIA" means the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
the relevant the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards): 
(a) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
(b) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA rate in respect of any London Banking Day.

--- Page 413 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
407 
 
The SONIA rate applied to a day that is not a London Banking Day will be taken by 
applying the SONIA rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
"d" means: 
 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period; and 
 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
"d0" means: 
 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; and 
 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order: 
 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the 
relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last London Banking Day in 
such Observation Period; and 
 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the 
relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period to, and including, the last 
London Banking Day in such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period. 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London 
Banking Day. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period, 
the period from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the 
first day of such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period and ending on, but excluding, 
the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period End Date for such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period (or the date falling 
"p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Securities 
become due and payable). 
"p" means five London Banking Days or such number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"SONIAi" or "SONIA rate", in respect of any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant 
Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator 
of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the relevant Page or, if 
such Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day).

--- Page 414 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
408 
 
"SONIAi-pLBD" in respect of any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day "i" as provided by the administrator 
of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the relevant Page or, if 
such Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the 
London Banking Day immediately following the London Banking Day falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day "i"). 
∏𝑛
𝑖=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
365) −1
30
𝑖=1
] 
means [(1 + X1 / 365 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2 / 365 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 365 ) – 1]. 
If, in respect of any relevant London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the SONIA rate is not available on the relevant Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, the Calculation Agent will determine 
such SONIA rate as being the SONIA rate published on the relevant Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking 
Day on which the SONIA rate was published on such Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors). If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable 
to determine the SONIA rate in accordance with the preceding sentence, the SONIA rate 
in respect of the relevant London Banking Day shall be such other rate as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate and 
any alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
"Contingent Floating Rate (TONA Determination)" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable on such date, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily Yen overnight reference rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards) as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑏
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑡𝑛𝑑𝑏
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily TONA only 
compounds the TONA rate in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day. The TONA rate applied to a 
day that is not a Tokyo Banking Day will be taken by applying the TONA rate for the previous 
Tokyo Banking Day but without compounding.  
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following meanings: 
"db" means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to db, each representing the relevant Tokyo 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo Banking Day 
in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last Tokyo Banking Day in such 
Observation Period. 
"ni" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such Tokyo Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following Tokyo 
Banking Day.

--- Page 415 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
409 
 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of a Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period, 
the period from, and including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day 
of such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period and ending on, but excluding, the date 
falling "p" Business Days prior to the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date 
for such Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period.  
"p" means ten or such other number as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"𝐭𝐧𝐝𝐛" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
"Tokyo Banking Day" means any calendar day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo.  
"TONAi" or "TONA rate" in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day "i", in the relevant 
Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily TONA as provided by the 
administrator of TONA to, and published by, authorised distributors of TONA as of 
approximately 10:00 a.m., Tokyo time (or any amended publication time as specified by 
the administrator of TONA in the TONA benchmark methodology), on the TONA Fixing 
Day.  
If in respect of any relevant determination date the TONA rate is not published by the 
administrator of TONA or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise provided by the 
administrator of TONA by either (A) the TONA Fixing Day or (B) such other date on 
which TONA is required, then the rate for that Tokyo Banking Day "i" will be the last 
provided or published TONA. If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to 
determine the TONA rate in accordance with the preceding sentence, the TONA rate in 
respect of the relevant determination date shall be such other rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, taking into account any sources as it considers appropriate and any 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
"TONA" means the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate (TONA) administered by the Bank 
of Japan (or any successor administrator). 
"TONA Fixing Day" means, in respect of TONA and a Tokyo Banking Day "i", the 
Tokyo Banking Day immediately following that day "i" (or any amended publication 
day for TONA as specified by the administrator of TONA in the TONA benchmark 
methodology). 
"Converted Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Average Closing Value" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and a 
Reference Asset which is:  
(a) 
a Share, the Coupon Average Share Price of such Share in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date;  
(b) 
an Index, the Coupon Average Index Level of such Index in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date; 
(c) 
an FX Rate, the Coupon Average FX Rate in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date; 
and 
(d) 
a Fund Share, the Coupon Average Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund in 
respect of such Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Coupon Average Fund Price" means, in respect of a Fund Share and a Coupon Valuation 
Date, the arithmetic mean of the Closing Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund on each 
Averaging Date for such Fund and such Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 416 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
410 
 
"Coupon Average FX Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Coupon Valuation Date, 
the arithmetic mean of the FX Rate on each Averaging Date for such FX Rate and such Coupon 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and 
correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Coupon Average Index Level" means, in respect of an Index and a Coupon Valuation Date, 
the arithmetic mean of the Closing Index Level of the Index on each Averaging Date for such 
Index and such Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Coupon Average Relevant Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Asset and a 
Coupon Valuation Date, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Coupon Average Closing Value
Initial Value
 
"Coupon Average Share Price" means, in respect of a Share and a Coupon Valuation Date, 
the arithmetic mean of the Closing Share Price of the Share on each Averaging Date for such 
Share and such Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Coupon Barrier Event" means: 
(a) 
if "Coupon Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon 
Valuation Date (and a Coupon Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
 
(if paragraph (ii) below does not apply) the Reference Asset Closing Value of: 
(A) 
(1) if "the Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Reference Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), (2) if 
"each Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each 
Reference Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) or (3) if 
"any Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any 
Reference Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), is 
(B) 
(1) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level in 
respect of such Reference Asset(s), (2) if "greater than or equal to the 
Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater 
than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such Reference 
Asset(s), (3) if "less than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such 
Reference Asset(s) or (4) "greater than the Coupon Barrier Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon Barrier 
Level in respect of such Reference Asset(s), or 
 
if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Relevant Performance on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is (A) if 
"less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level, (B) if "greater than or equal 
to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than 
or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level, (C) if "less than the Coupon Barrier Level" 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Barrier Level or (D) 
"greater than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
greater than the Coupon Barrier Level,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 417 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
411 
 
(b) 
if "Coupon Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon 
Valuation Date (and a Coupon Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
 
(if paragraph (ii) below does not apply), the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of: 
(A) 
(1) if "the Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation), (2) if "each Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, each Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation) or (3) if "any Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, any Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation), is 
(B) 
(1) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level in 
respect of such Reference Asset(s), (2) if "greater than or equal to the 
Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater 
than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such Reference 
Asset(s), (3) if "less than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such 
Reference Asset(s) or (4) "greater than the Coupon Barrier Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon Barrier 
Level in respect of such Reference Asset(s), or 
 
if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Relevant Performance at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) is (A) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level, (B) if 
"greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level, (C) if "less than 
the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the 
Coupon Barrier Level or (D) "greater than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon Barrier Level, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
if "Coupon Valuation Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and a Coupon Barrier Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred if),  
 
(if paragraph (ii) below does not apply) (I) if the relevant Issue Terms do not 
specify "Coupon Averaging" to be applicable, the Reference Asset Closing Value, 
or (II) if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Coupon Averaging" to be applicable, 
the Coupon Average Closing Value, of: 
(A) 
(1) if "the Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Reference Asset on such Coupon Valuation Date or, if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Coupon Averaging" to be applicable, in respect of such 
Coupon Valuation Date, (2) if "each Reference Asset" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, each Reference Asset on such Coupon Valuation 
Date or, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Coupon Averaging" to be 
applicable, in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date or (3) if "any 
Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any Reference 
Asset on such Coupon Valuation Date or, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify "Coupon Averaging" to be applicable, in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date, is 
(B) 
(1) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level in

--- Page 418 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
412 
 
respect of such Reference Asset(s), (2) if "greater than or equal to the 
Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater 
than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such Reference 
Asset(s), (3) if "less than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such 
Reference Asset(s) or (4) "greater than the Coupon Barrier Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon Barrier 
Level in respect of such Reference Asset(s), or 
 
if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and (I) if 
the relevant Issue Terms do not specify "Coupon Averaging" to be applicable, the 
Relevant Performance on such Coupon Valuation Date, or (II) if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Coupon Averaging" to be applicable, the Coupon Average 
Relevant Performance in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, is (A) if "less 
than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level, (B) if "greater than or equal 
to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than 
or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level, (C) if "less than the Coupon Barrier Level" 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Barrier Level or (D) 
"greater than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
greater than the Coupon Barrier Level, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Coupon Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and, if applicable, 
each relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation 
Date) and a Reference Asset, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such 
Coupon Valuation Date and such Reference Asset (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such 
Reference Asset for each relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such 
Coupon Valuation Date), or, if different amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for 
such Reference Asset and different Coupon Valuation Dates, the amount corresponding to such 
Coupon Valuation Date (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such Reference Asset for each 
relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date).  
"Coupon Event" means: 
(a) 
if "Coupon Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon 
Valuation Date (and a Coupon Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
 
(if paragraph (ii) below does not apply) the Reference Asset Closing Value of: 
(A) 
(1) if "the Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Reference Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), (2) if 
"each Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each 
Reference Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) or (3) if 
"any Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any 
Reference Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), is 
(B) 
(1) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Level in respect of such 
Reference Asset(s), (2) if "greater than or equal to the Coupon Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Coupon 
Level in respect of such Reference Asset(s), (3) if "less than the Coupon 
Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Level 
in respect of such Reference Asset(s) or (4) "greater than the Coupon 
Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon 
Level in respect of such Reference Asset(s), or

--- Page 419 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
413 
 
 
if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Relevant Performance on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is (A) if 
"less than or equal to the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
less than or equal to the Coupon Level, (B) if "greater than or equal to the Coupon 
Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the 
Coupon Level, (C) if "less than the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Level or (D) "greater than the Coupon Level" 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon Level,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
if "Coupon Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon 
Valuation Date (and a Coupon Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
 
(if paragraph (ii) below does not apply), the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of: 
(A) 
(1) if "the Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation), (2) if "each Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, each Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation) or (3) if "any Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, any Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation), is 
(B) 
(1) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Level in respect of such 
Reference Asset(s), (2) if "greater than or equal to the Coupon Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Coupon 
Level in respect of such Reference Asset(s), (3) if "less than the Coupon 
Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Level 
in respect of such Reference Asset(s) or (4) "greater than the Coupon 
Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon 
Level in respect of such Reference Asset(s), or 
 
if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Relevant Performance at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) is (A) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Level, (B) if "greater than 
or equal to the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater 
than or equal to the Coupon Level, (C) if "less than the Coupon Level" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Level or (D) "greater than the 
Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon 
Level, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
if "Coupon Valuation Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and a Coupon Event shall be deemed to 
have occurred if),  
 
(if paragraph (ii) below does not apply) the Reference Asset Closing Value of: 
(A) 
(1) if "the Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Reference Asset on such Coupon Valuation Date, (2) if "each Reference 
Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each Reference Asset on 
such Coupon Valuation Date or (3) if "any Reference Asset" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, any Reference Asset on such Coupon 
Valuation Date, is

--- Page 420 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
414 
 
(B) 
(1) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Level in respect of such 
Reference Asset(s), (2) if "greater than or equal to the Coupon Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Coupon 
Level in respect of such Reference Asset(s), (3) if "less than the Coupon 
Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Level 
in respect of such Reference Asset(s) or (4) "greater than the Coupon 
Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon 
Level in respect of such Reference Asset(s), or 
 
if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and the 
Relevant Performance on such Coupon Valuation Date,  
is (A) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Level, (B) if "greater than or equal to the 
Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to 
the Coupon Level, (C) if "less than the Coupon Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Level or (D) "greater than the Coupon Level" 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon Level, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Coupon Factor" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Factor Numerator" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and the Reference 
Asset, the Reference Asset Closing Value of the Reference Asset in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date.  
"Coupon Factor Denominator" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and the 
Reference Asset, the Initial Reference Asset Closing Value of the Reference Asset multiplied 
by the Coupon Factor Denominator Multiplier.  
"Coupon Factor Denominator Multiplier" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and 
a Reference Asset, an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or, if different 
amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for different Coupon Valuation Dates, the 
amount corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Coupon Factor Performance" mean, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and a Basket of 
Reference Assets, the aggregate of the Weighted Coupon Factor Performance of each Reference 
Asset in the Basket of Reference Assets. 
"Coupon Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and, if applicable, each relevant 
date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date) and a 
Reference Asset, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Coupon 
Valuation Date and such Reference Asset (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such 
Reference Asset for each relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such 
Coupon Valuation Date). 
"Coupon Leverage" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Lock-in Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and Securities that 
relate to: 
(a) 
a single Reference Asset (and a Coupon Lock-in Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date if), the Reference Asset Closing Value of such 
Reference Asset on such Coupon Valuation Date is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
that:  
 
"less than or equal to Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than or equal to 
the Coupon Lock-in Level in respect of such Reference Asset;

--- Page 421 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
415 
 
 
"greater than or equal to Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than or 
equal to the Coupon Lock-in Level in respect of such Reference Asset; 
 
"less than Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than the Coupon Lock-in 
Level in respect of such Reference Asset; or  
 
"greater than Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than the Coupon Lock-
in Level in respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(b) 
a Basket of Reference Assets (and a Coupon Lock-in Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date if), the Reference Asset Closing 
Value of each Reference Asset on such Coupon Valuation Date is, if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify that:  
 
"less than or equal to Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than or equal to 
the Coupon Lock-in Level in respect of such Reference Asset;  
 
"greater than or equal to Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than or 
equal to the Coupon Lock-in Level in respect of such Reference Asset;  
 
"less than Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than the Coupon Lock-in 
Level in respect of such Reference Asset; or  
 
"greater than Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than the Coupon Lock-
in Level in respect of such Reference Asset.  
"Coupon Lock-in Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and a Reference Asset, 
the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Coupon Valuation Date and 
such Reference Asset.  
"Coupon Observation Date" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, such date or dates specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms.  
"Coupon Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of a Reference Asset and a Coupon Valuation Date or Coupon Observation Date for 
such Reference Asset, the period commencing on the relevant Coupon Observation Period Start 
Date and ending on the relevant Coupon Observation Period End Date. Where the Securities 
relate to a Basket of Reference Assets, there shall be a separate Coupon Observation Period for 
each Reference Asset in respect of each Coupon Valuation Date or Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Period End Date" means, if "Coupon Observation Period" is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a Coupon 
Valuation Date or a Coupon Observation Date for such Reference Asset, if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify, in respect of such Coupon Observation Period End Date:  
(a) 
"Adjusted", such Coupon Valuation Date or Coupon Observation Date for such 
Reference Asset after all adjustments (including, without limitation, any adjustment for 
non-Scheduled Trading Days or Disrupted Days) to such date pursuant to the Conditions; 
or  
(b) 
"Unadjusted", the date on which such Coupon Valuation Date or Coupon Observation 
Date for such Reference Asset is scheduled to fall, disregarding all adjustments 
(including, without limitation, any adjustment for non-Scheduled Trading Days or 
Disrupted Days) to such date pursuant to the Conditions (but, for the avoidance of doubt, 
subject to the proviso to this definition),  
which shall be the last day of the relevant Coupon Observation Period, and shall be included or 
excluded from the Coupon Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms,

--- Page 422 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
416 
 
provided that where both (i) "Daily Coupon" or "Daily Coupon 2" (as applicable) and (ii) "Daily 
Observation Early Redemption" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred, 
the Observation Date (Closing Valuation), Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) or other date 
(as applicable) on which such Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred shall be 
the final Coupon Observation Period End Date, and the Coupon Observation Period shall end 
on and including such date. 
"Coupon Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Coupon Observation Period" is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a Coupon 
Valuation Date or a Coupon Observation Date for such Reference Asset, the date specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant Coupon Observation 
Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Coupon Observation Period, as provided in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Participation" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Date" has the meaning given in the General Conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where (A) "In Fine Coupon", "In Fine Memory Coupon", "Daily 
Coupon" or "Daily Coupon 2" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and (B) 
"Early Redemption" or "Daily Observation Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that an Early Redemption Event 
has occurred on an Early Redemption Valuation Date or that a Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Event has occurred (as applicable), the Early Redemption Date in respect of such 
Early Redemption Event or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date in respect of such Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Event (as applicable) shall be the Coupon Payment Date (and 
there shall be no further Coupon Payment Dates). 
"Coupon Period (Drop Back)" means the period specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Coupon Rate" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Reference Asset(s)" means each Reference Asset specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Strike" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if "Coupon Strike – High Watermark" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(b) 
if "Coupon Strike – High Watermark" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and the Securities relate to a single Reference Asset, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
Highest Value (Coupon)
Initial Value
 
(c) 
if "Coupon Strike – High Watermark" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and the Securities relate to a Basket of Reference Assets, an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent as being equal to the aggregate of the Weighted Coupon Strike 
(High Watermark) of each Reference Asset in the Basket of Reference Assets in respect 
of such Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" in respect of:  
(a) 
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions;  
(b) 
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions;  
(c) 
a Commodity or a Commodity Index, has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked 
Provisions;

--- Page 423 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
417 
 
(d) 
an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions; and 
(e) 
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions. 
"Cumulated Interest (t)" means in respect of a Coupon Period (Drop Back), in respect of each 
Security, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
𝐂𝐀× 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞
× (
∑
𝐈𝐧𝐯𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐦𝐞𝐧𝐭 𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐢𝐨𝐝 (𝐢, 𝐭) × 𝐀𝐥𝐥𝐨𝐜𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐢)
𝐍𝐮𝐦𝐛𝐞𝐫 𝐨𝐟 𝐓𝐫𝐢𝐠𝐠𝐞𝐫 𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥𝐬
𝐢=𝟏
𝐃𝐁 𝐓𝐨𝐭𝐚𝐥 𝐍𝐮𝐦𝐛𝐞𝐫 𝐨𝐟 𝐃𝐚𝐲𝐬
) 
"Cumulated Interest (t - 1)" means in respect of a Coupon Period (Drop Back), an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of each Security as being equal to the Cumulated 
Interest (t) (if any) in respect of the Coupon Period (Drop Back) immediately preceding such 
Coupon Period (Drop Back) (or, if there is no Coupon Period (Drop Back) immediately 
preceding such Coupon Period (Drop Back), zero), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Daily Coupon DCF" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the 
Coupon Amount payable on such date, the Day Count Fraction in respect of the Daily Coupon 
Period ending on or immediately before such Coupon Payment Date. 
"Daily Coupon Period" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
period from, and including (or in the case of Swedish Securities, but excluding), the Daily 
Coupon Period Start Date to, but excluding (or in the case of Swedish Notes, and including) the 
Daily Coupon Period End Date.  
"Daily Coupon Period End Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, if none is so specified, the Coupon Payment Date and if the relevant Issue Terms specify, in 
respect of such Daily Coupon Period End Date: (a) "Adjusted", such Daily Coupon Period End 
Date shall be adjusted in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention if so 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or (b) "Unadjusted", such Daily Coupon Period End Date 
shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention, 
provided that where both (i) "Daily Coupon" or "Daily Coupon 2" (as applicable) and (ii) "Daily 
Observation Early Redemption" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred, 
(A) if "Daily Observation Early Redemption Event Date Adjustment" is not specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Daily Observation Early Redemption Date 
in respect of such Daily Observation Early Redemption Event shall be the final Daily Coupon 
Period End Date, or (B) if "Daily Observation Early Redemption Event Date Adjustment" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Observation Date (Closing Valuation), 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) or other date (as applicable) on which the relevant Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred shall be the final Daily Coupon Period End 
Date.  
"Daily Coupon Period Start Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, if none is so specified, the Issue Date. 
"Daily Coupon Rate" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date (and, if applicable, each relevant date in the 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period corresponding to such Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date) and a Reference Asset, the amount specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date 
and such Reference Asset (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such Reference Asset for 
each relevant date in the Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period 
corresponding to such Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date), or, if different 
amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Reference Asset and different Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Valuation Dates, the amount corresponding to such Daily

--- Page 424 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
418 
 
Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such 
Reference Asset for each relevant date in the Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation 
Period corresponding to such Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date).  
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Date" means, in respect of a Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Event, (a) the date falling the Daily Observation Number of Days after the date on 
which the Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred (as adjusted in accordance 
with the Conditions) or (b) any other date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Event" means:  
(a) 
if "Early Redemption Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation 
Date and an Observation Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Observation Period corresponding to such Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Valuation Date (and a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred if), 
 
(if paragraph (ii) below does not apply) the Reference Asset Closing Value of: 
(A) 
(1) if "the Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Reference Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), (2) if 
"each Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each 
Reference Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) or (3) if 
"any Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any 
Reference Asset on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), is 
(B) 
(1) if "less than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal 
to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect of 
such Reference Asset(s), (2) if "greater than or equal to the Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level in respect of such Reference Asset(s), (3) if 
"less than the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level in respect of such Reference Asset(s) or (4) 
"greater than the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect of such Reference Asset(s), or 
 
if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Relevant Performance on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is (A) if 
"less than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Barrier Level, (B) if "greater than or equal to the Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, greater than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level, (C) if "less than the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level or (D) "greater than the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than 
the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(b) 
if "Early Redemption Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation 
Date and an Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) falling in the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Observation Period corresponding to such Daily Observation Early

--- Page 425 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
419 
 
Redemption Valuation Date (and a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred if), 
 
(if paragraph (ii) below does not apply), the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of: 
(A) 
(1) if "the Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation), (2) if "each Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, each Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation) or (3) if "any Reference Asset" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, any Reference Asset at any time on such Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation), is 
(B) 
(1) if "less than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal 
to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect of 
such Reference Asset(s), (2) if "greater than or equal to the Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level in respect of such Reference Asset(s), (3) if 
"less than the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level in respect of such Reference Asset(s) or (4) 
"greater than the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect of such Reference Asset(s), or 
 
if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Relevant Performance at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) is (A) if "less than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level, (B) if "greater than or equal 
to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level, (C) if "less than the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level or (D) "greater than the Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, greater than the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period" means, if specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Valuation Date for such Reference Asset, the period commencing on the 
relevant Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period Start Date and ending on the 
relevant Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period End Date. Where the 
Securities relate to a Basket of Reference Assets, there shall be a separate Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Observation Period for each Reference Asset in respect of each Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date.  
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period End Date" means, if "Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Valuation Date for such Reference Asset, if the relevant Issue Terms specify, in respect of such 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period End Date:  
(a) 
"Adjusted", such Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date for such 
Reference Asset after all adjustments (including, without limitation, any adjustment for 
non-Scheduled Trading Days or Disrupted Days) to such date pursuant to the Conditions; 
or

--- Page 426 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
420 
 
(b) 
"Unadjusted", the date on which the relevant Periodic Valuation Date, Periodic Pricing 
Date or other date in respect of such Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation 
Date for such Reference Asset is scheduled to fall, disregarding all adjustments 
(including, without limitation, any adjustment for non-Scheduled Trading Days or 
Disrupted Days) to such date pursuant to the Conditions,  
which shall be the last day of the relevant Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation 
Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Valuation Date for such Reference Asset, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, 
which shall be the first day of the relevant Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation 
Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Reference Asset(s)" means each Reference Asset 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each Periodic Valuation Date 
or each Periodic Pricing Date as specified in the relevant Issue Terms or any other date specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Daily Observation Number of Days" means the number of Business Days or the number of 
such other days, in each case, specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or if none is so 
specified, the Daily Observation Number of Days shall be five Business Days. 
"Day Count Fraction" has the meaning given in the General Conditions. 
"DB Total Number of Days" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Deliverable Reference Asset" or "Deliverable Reference Assets" means the Final Worst 
Performance Share, the Worst Share or the Share as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Double Barrier Event" means a Double Barrier Event 1 has occurred and/or a Double Barrier 
Event 2 has occurred. 
"Double Barrier Event 1" means:  
(a) 
if "Barrier Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date 1 and an Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period 1 corresponding to the Barrier 
Reference Date 1 (and a Double Barrier Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
the Reference Asset Closing Value of any Reference Asset on such Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal 
to Barrier Event Strike 1" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 
1 in respect of such Reference Asset or (ii) "greater than Barrier Event Strike 1" is 
applicable, greater than the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(b) 
if "Barrier Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date 1 and an Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period 1 corresponding to the Barrier 
Reference Date 1 (and a Double Barrier Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of any Reference Asset at any time on such 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) 
"greater than or equal to Barrier Event Strike 1" is applicable, greater than or equal to 
the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset or (ii) "greater than Barrier 
Event Strike 1" is applicable, greater than the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such 
Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or

--- Page 427 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
421 
 
(c) 
if "Barrier Reference Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, (and a Double Barrier Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference 
Asset Closing Value of any Reference Asset on the Barrier Reference Date 1 is, if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal to Barrier Event Strike 1" is 
applicable, greater than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference 
Asset or (ii) "greater than Barrier Event Strike 1" is applicable, greater than the Barrier 
Event Strike 1 in respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.  
"Double Barrier Event 2" means:  
(a) 
if "Barrier Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date 2 and an Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period 2 corresponding to the Barrier 
Reference Date 2 (and a Double Barrier Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
the Reference Asset Closing Value of any Reference Asset on such Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to 
Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 2 in 
respect of such Reference Asset or (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, 
less than the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset, each as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(b) 
if "Barrier Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date 2 and an Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation) falling in the Barrier Observation Period 2 corresponding to the Barrier 
Reference Date 2 (and a Double Barrier Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of any Reference Asset at any time on such 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) 
"less than or equal to Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier 
Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset or (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike 
2" is applicable, less than the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(c) 
if "Barrier Reference Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, (and a Double Barrier Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference 
Asset Closing Value of any Reference Asset on the Barrier Reference Date 2 is, if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Event Strike 2" is 
applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Event Strike 2 in respect of such Reference 
Asset or (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike 2" is applicable, less than the Barrier Event 
Strike 2 in respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Downside Cap" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Downside Floor" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Downside Gearing" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
1
1 −Buffer Percentage 
or such other amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"DwnPFI" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Security: 
(a) 
if "ELIOS Early Redemption" is not specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms;  
(b) 
if "ELIOS Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of each Early Redemption Date and the Early Redemption Valuation Date

--- Page 428 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
422 
 
falling immediately prior to such Early Redemption Date, an amount in the Specified 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
CA × (1 + Early Redemption Value × k) 
(c) 
if "Daily Observation Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Early Redemption Barrier" means, in respect of an Early Redemption Valuation Date and a 
Reference Asset, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Early 
Redemption Valuation Date and such Reference Asset, or, if different amounts are specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms for such Reference Asset and different Early Redemption Valuation 
Dates, the amount corresponding to such Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Early Redemption Date" means (a) each Coupon Payment Date other than the Security 
Redemption Date, (b) each Interest Payment Date other than the Maturity Date or (c) any other 
date specified as such, in each case, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Early Redemption Event" means either Early Redemption Event 1, Early Redemption Event 
2 or Early Redemption Event 3, as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Early Redemption Event 1" means, in respect of an Early Redemption Valuation Date (and 
an Early Redemption Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Early 
Redemption Valuation Date if), the Calculation Agent determines that (a) (i) if the relevant Issue 
Terms do not specify "ER Averaging" to be applicable, the Reference Asset Closing Value of 
the Reference Asset on such Early Redemption Valuation Date, or (ii) if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "ER Averaging" to be applicable, the ER Average Closing Value of the Reference 
Asset in respect of such Early Redemption Valuation Date, is (b) (i) if "less than or equal to the 
Early Redemption Barrier" is specified as the "Early Redemption Barrier Observation" in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Early Redemption Barrier, (ii) if "greater than or 
equal to the Early Redemption Barrier" is specified as the "Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation" in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Early Redemption Barrier, 
(iii) if "less than the Early Redemption Barrier" is specified as the "Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation" in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Early Redemption Barrier or (iv) if 
"greater than the Early Redemption Barrier" is specified as the "Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation" in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Early Redemption Barrier. 
"Early Redemption Event 2" means, in respect of an Early Redemption Valuation Date (and 
an Early Redemption Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Early 
Redemption Valuation Date if), the Calculation Agent determines that (a) (i) if the relevant Issue 
Terms do not specify "ER Averaging" to be applicable, the Reference Asset Closing Value of 
each Reference Asset on such Early Redemption Valuation Date, or (ii) if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "ER Averaging" to be applicable, the ER Average Closing Value of each 
Reference Asset in respect of such Early Redemption Valuation Date, is (b) (i) if "less than or 
equal to its respective Early Redemption Barrier" is specified as the "Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation" in the relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to its respective Early Redemption 
Barrier, (ii) if "greater than or equal to its respective Early Redemption Barrier" is specified as 
the "Early Redemption Barrier Observation" in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal 
to its respective Early Redemption Barrier, (iii) if "less than its respective Early Redemption 
Barrier" is specified as the "Early Redemption Barrier Observation" in the relevant Issue Terms, 
less than its respective Early Redemption Barrier or (iv) if "greater than its respective Early 
Redemption Barrier" is specified as the "Early Redemption Barrier Observation" in the relevant 
Issue Terms, greater than its respective Early Redemption Barrier. 
"Early Redemption Event 3" means, in respect of an Early Redemption Valuation Date (and 
an Early Redemption Event 3 shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Early 
Redemption Valuation Date if), the Calculation Agent determines that the Relevant 
Performance on such Early Redemption Valuation Date is (a) if "less than or equal to the Early 
Redemption Strike" is specified as the "Early Redemption Strike Observation" in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Early Redemption Strike, (b) if "greater than or equal to

--- Page 429 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
423 
 
the Early Redemption Strike" is specified as the "Early Redemption Strike Observation" in the 
relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Early Redemption Strike, (c) if "less than the 
Early Redemption Strike" is specified as the "Early Redemption Strike Observation" in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than the Early Redemption Strike or (d) if "greater than the Early 
Redemption Strike" is specified as the "Early Redemption Strike Observation" in the relevant 
Issue Terms, greater than the Early Redemption Strike. 
"Early Redemption Reference Asset(s)" means each Reference Asset specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Early Redemption Strike" means either (a) the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, if different amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for different Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates, the amount corresponding to such Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or (b) in respect of an Early Redemption Valuation Date and a Reference Asset, the amount 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Early Redemption Valuation Date and 
such Reference Asset, or, if different amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such 
Reference Asset and different Early Redemption Valuation Dates, the amount corresponding to 
such Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each Periodic Valuation Date or each Periodic 
Pricing Date as specified in the relevant Issue Terms or any other date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Early Redemption Value" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Enhanced Coupon Event 1" means: 
(a) 
if "Coupon Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon 
Valuation Date (and an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
the Reference Asset Closing Value of: 
 
(A) if "the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1 on such Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation), (B) if "each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1 
on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) or (C) if "any Enhanced Coupon 
Reference Asset 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 1 on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), is 
 
(A) if "less than or equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1, (B) if "less than Enhanced Coupon Level 
1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Enhanced Coupon Level 
1 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1, (C) if "greater than or 
equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
greater than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 1 or (D) if "greater than Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 
in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
if "Coupon Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon 
Valuation Date (and an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of: 
 
(A) if "the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1 on such Observation Date (Intra-

--- Page 430 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
424 
 
Day Valuation), (B) if "each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1 on such 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) or (C) if "any Enhanced Coupon 
Reference Asset 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 1 on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation), is 
 
(A) if "less than or equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1, (B) if "less than Enhanced Coupon Level 
1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Enhanced Coupon Level 
1 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1, (C) if "greater than or 
equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
greater than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 1 or (D) if "greater than Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 
in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(c) 
if "Coupon Valuation Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 shall 
be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Asset Closing Value of: 
 
(A) if "the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1 on such Coupon Valuation Date, 
(B) if "each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1 on such Coupon 
Valuation Date or (C) if "any Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, any Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1 on such 
Coupon Valuation Date, is 
 
(A) if "less than or equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1, (B) if "less than Enhanced Coupon Level 
1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Enhanced Coupon Level 
1 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1, (C) if "greater than or 
equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
greater than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 1 or (D) if "greater than Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 
in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Enhanced Coupon Event 2" means: 
(a) 
if "Coupon Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon 
Valuation Date (and an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
the Reference Asset Closing Value of: 
 
(A) if "the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2 on such Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation), (B) if "each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2 
on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) or (C) if "any Enhanced Coupon 
Reference Asset 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 2 on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), is

--- Page 431 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
425 
 
 
(A) if "less than or equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2, (B) if "less than Enhanced Coupon Level 
2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Enhanced Coupon Level 
2 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2, (C) if "greater than or 
equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
greater than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 2 or (D) if "greater than Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 
in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
if "Coupon Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon 
Valuation Date (and an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of: 
 
(A) if "the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2 on such Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation), (B) if "each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2 on such 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) or (C) if "any Enhanced Coupon 
Reference Asset 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 2 on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation), is 
 
(A) if "less than or equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2, (B) if "less than Enhanced Coupon Level 
2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Enhanced Coupon Level 
2 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2, (C) if "greater than or 
equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
greater than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 2 or (D) if "greater than Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 
in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(c) 
if "Coupon Valuation Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 shall 
be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Asset Closing Value of: 
 
(A) if "the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2 on such Coupon Valuation Date, 
(B) if "each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, each Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2 on such Coupon 
Valuation Date or (C) if "any Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, any Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2 on such 
Coupon Valuation Date, is 
 
(A) if "less than or equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2, (B) if "less than Enhanced Coupon Level 
2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Enhanced Coupon Level 
2 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2, (C) if "greater than or 
equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
greater than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 2 or (D) if "greater than Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is

--- Page 432 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
426 
 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 
in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Enhanced Coupon Level 1" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and, if applicable, 
each relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation 
Date) and a Reference Asset, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such 
Coupon Valuation Date and such Reference Asset (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such 
Reference Asset for each relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such 
Coupon Valuation Date), or, if different amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for 
such Reference Asset and different Coupon Valuation Dates, the amount corresponding to such 
Coupon Valuation Date (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such Reference Asset for each 
relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date). 
"Enhanced Coupon Level 2" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and, if applicable, 
each relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation 
Date) and a Reference Asset, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such 
Coupon Valuation Date and such Reference Asset (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such 
Reference Asset for each relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such 
Coupon Valuation Date), or, if different amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for 
such Reference Asset and different Coupon Valuation Dates, the amount corresponding to such 
Coupon Valuation Date (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such Reference Asset for each 
relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date). 
"Enhanced Coupon Rate" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1" means each Reference Asset specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2" means each Reference Asset specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Equity Performance" means: 
(a) 
if a No Trigger Event has occurred, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(
Final Value
Initial Value × Initial Equity Perf Allocation); or 
(b) 
if a No Trigger Event has not occurred, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
( Final Value
Initial Value × Initial Equity Perf Allocation) + ∑
(
Final Value
Investment Level (i) × Allocation (i))
𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝑖)
i=1
 
"ER Average Closing Value" means, in respect of an Early Redemption Valuation Date and a 
Reference Asset which is:  
(a) 
a Share, the ER Average Share Price of such Share in respect of such Early Redemption 
Valuation Date;  
(b) 
an Index, the ER Average Index Level of such Index in respect of such Early Redemption 
Valuation Date; 
(c) 
an FX Rate, the ER Average FX Rate in respect of such Early Redemption Valuation 
Date; and 
(d) 
a Fund Share, the ER Average Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund in respect of 
such Early Redemption Valuation Date.

--- Page 433 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
427 
 
"ER Average Fund Price" means, in respect of a Fund Share and an Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, the arithmetic mean of the Closing Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund 
on each Averaging Date for such Fund and such Early Redemption Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance 
with the Conditions.  
"ER Average FX Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, the arithmetic mean of the FX Rate on each Averaging Date for such FX Rate and such 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"ER Average Index Level" means, in respect of an Index and an Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, the arithmetic mean of the Closing Index Level of the Index on each Averaging Date for 
such Index and such Early Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"ER Average Share Price" means, in respect of a Share and an Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, the arithmetic mean of the Closing Share Price of the Share on each Averaging Date for 
such Share and such Early Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"FBV" means:  
(a) 
if "Final Value" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Final Value; 
or 
(b) 
if "High Watermark Level" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of:  
 
a Share, means the greatest Reference Asset Closing Value of such Share in 
respect of (A) each Periodic Valuation Date and the Valuation Date; or (B) each 
Valuation Date;  
 
an Index, means the greatest Reference Asset Closing Value of such Index in 
respect of each Periodic Valuation Date and each Valuation Date; 
 
a Commodity, means the greatest Reference Asset Closing Value of such 
Commodity in respect of each Periodic Pricing Date and the Final Pricing Date;  
 
a Commodity Index, means the greatest Reference Asset Closing Value of such 
Commodity Index in respect of each Periodic Pricing Date and the Final Pricing 
Date;  
 
an FX Rate, means the greatest Reference Asset Closing Value of such FX Rate 
in respect of each FX Valuation Date; and 
 
a Fund Share, means the greatest Reference Asset Closing Value of such Share 
of such Fund in respect of (A) each Periodic Valuation Date and the Fund 
Valuation Date or (B) each Valuation Date.  
"Final Asset Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Asset, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify: 
(a) 
"Final Asset Performance (Final/Initial)" to be applicable, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Value
Initial Value 
(b) 
"Final Asset Performance (Asset Return)" to be applicable, an amount equal to the Asset 
Return of such Reference Asset.

--- Page 434 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
428 
 
"Final Asset Performance (FAP)(Final/Initial)" means in respect of a Reference Asset, Final 
Asset Performance where Final Asset Performance (Final/Initial) applies. 
"Final Average Fund Price" means, in respect of a Fund Share and a Valuation Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the Closing Fund Price of such Share of such Fund on each Averaging Date 
for such Fund and such Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Final Average FX Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date, the arithmetic 
mean of the FX Rate on each Averaging Date for such FX Rate and such Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance 
with the Conditions. 
"Final Average Index Level" means, in respect of an Index and a Valuation Date, the arithmetic 
mean of the Closing Index Level of the Index on each Averaging Date for such Index and such 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and 
correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Average Share Price" means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date, the arithmetic 
mean of the Closing Share Price of the Share on each Averaging Date for such Share and such 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and 
correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Reference Asset and an Initial Valuation Date, 
Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable), 
the Averaging Date specified as such in respect of such Initial Valuation Date, Coupon 
Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable) in the 
relevant Issue Terms or, if "Modified Postponement" or "Omission" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the latest Averaging Date in respect of such Initial Valuation Date, 
Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable) 
for such Reference Asset to occur after all adjustments (if any) to such dates pursuant to the 
applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions. 
"Final Best Performance Reference Asset" means the Reference Asset with the highest Final 
Asset Performance, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if two or more 
Reference Assets have the same highest Final Asset Performance, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine which of such Reference Assets shall be the Final Best Performance Reference 
Asset in its sole and absolute discretion, and such Reference Asset shall be the Final Best 
Performance Reference Asset. 
"Final Cash Allocation" means: 
(a) 
if a No Trigger Event has occurred, an amount equal to Initial Cash Allocation; or 
(b) 
if a No Trigger Event has not occurred, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Cash Allocation −∑
Allocation (i)
𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝑖)
𝑖=1
 
"Final Closing Commodity Index Level" means, in respect of a Commodity Index, the Closing 
Commodity Index Level of the Commodity Index on the Final Pricing Date for such Commodity 
Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Closing Fund Price" means, in respect of a Fund Share, the Closing Fund Price of such 
Fund Share of such Fund on the Valuation Date for such Fund, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Closing Index Level" means, in respect of an Index, the Closing Index Level of the 
Index on the Valuation Date for such Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject 
to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 435 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
429 
 
"Final Closing Share Price" means, in respect of a Share, the Closing Share Price of the Share 
on the Valuation Date for such Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Commodity Index Level" means, in respect of a Commodity Index, the Commodity 
Index Level of the Commodity Index at any relevant time on the Final Pricing Date for such 
Commodity Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and 
correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Commodity Price" means, in respect of a Commodity, the Commodity Price of the 
Commodity on the Final Pricing Date for such Commodity, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of a Commodity, the Commodity 
Reference Price of the Commodity on the Final Pricing Date for such Commodity, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
"Final FX Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the FX Rate on the FX Valuation Date for 
such FX Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction 
in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Index Level" means, in respect of an Index, the Index Level of the Index at any relevant 
time on the Valuation Date for such Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject 
to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Pricing Date" has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked Provisions. 
"Final Redemption Multiplier" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
in respect of a Reference Asset. 
"Final Redemption Value" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in 
respect of a Reference Asset. 
"Final Relevant Performance" means Final Asset Performance, Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), Final Relevant Performance (Best) or Final Relevant Performance (Worst), as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Final Relevant Performance (Basket)" means the aggregate of the Final Weighted 
Performance of each Reference Asset. 
"Final Relevant Performance (Best)" means the Final Asset Performance of the Final Best 
Performance Reference Asset. 
"Final Relevant Performance (Worst)" means the Final Asset Performance of the Final Worst 
Performance Reference Asset. 
"Final Relevant Performance (Worst of)" means the Final Asset Performance 
(FAP)(Final/Initial) of the Worst Performance Reference Asset.  
"Final Share Price" means, in respect of a Share, the Share Price of the Share at any relevant 
time on the Valuation Date for such Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject 
to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Final Value" if the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
(a) 
"Averaging" to be not applicable, in respect of: 
 
a Share, means the Final Closing Share Price of such Share;  
 
an Index, means the Final Closing Index Level of such Index; 
 
a Commodity, means the Final Commodity Reference Price of such Commodity;

--- Page 436 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
430 
 
 
a Commodity Index, means Final Closing Commodity Index Level of such 
Commodity Index;  
 
an FX Rate, means the Final FX Rate of such FX Rate; and 
 
a Fund Share, means the Final Closing Fund Price of such Fund Share of such 
Fund; or 
(b) 
"Averaging" to be applicable in respect of: 
 
a Share, means the Final Average Share Price of such Share;  
 
an Index, means the Final Average Index Level of such Index; 
 
an FX Rate, means the Final Average FX Rate of such FX Rate; and 
 
a Fund Share, means the Final Average Fund Price of such Fund Share of such 
Fund. 
"Final Weighted Asset Return" means in respect of each Reference Asset in the Basket of 
Reference Assets, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of such Reference 
Asset in accordance with the following formula: 
W × Asset Return 
"Final Weighted Performance" means, in respect of each Reference Asset in the Basket of 
Reference Assets, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(a) 
"Weighted Performance (Final/Initial)" to be applicable, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
W × Final Value
Initial Value 
(b) 
"Weighted Performance (Asset Return)" to be applicable, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
W × Asset Return 
"Final Weighted Performance (Final/Initial)" means, in respect of each Reference Asset in 
the Basket of Reference Assets, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
such Reference Asset in accordance with the following formula: 
W × Final Value
Initial Value 
"Final Worst Performance Reference Asset" means the Reference Asset with the lowest Final 
Asset Performance, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if two or more 
Reference Assets have the same lowest Final Asset Performance, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine which of such Reference Assets shall be the Final Worst Performance Reference 
Asset in its sole and absolute discretion, and such Reference Asset shall be the Final Worst 
Performance Reference Asset. 
"Final Worst Performance Share" means the Share with the lowest Final Asset Performance, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if two or more Shares have the same 
lowest Final Asset Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine which of such 
Reference Assets shall be the Final Worst Performance Share in its sole and absolute discretion, 
and such Share shall be the Final Worst Performance Share. 
"Floor" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which amount may be 
expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount or otherwise as set out in the relevant Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 437 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
431 
 
"Floor1" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Floor2" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"FloorDown" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"FRP" means the Final Relevant Performance.  
"Fund" has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions.  
"Fund Share" has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions. 
"FWWB Coupon Performance Barrier" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date, an 
amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"FWWB Coupon Performance Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date, the 
Relevant Performance in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date is (and an FWWB Coupon 
Performance Event shall be deemed to have occurred where), if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
that (i) "less than or equal to FWWB Coupon Performance Barrier" is applicable, less than or 
equal to the FWWB Coupon Performance Barrier, (ii) "less than FWWB Coupon Performance 
Barrier" is applicable, less than the FWWB Coupon Performance Barrier, (iii) "greater than or 
equal to FWWB Coupon Performance Barrier" is applicable, greater than or equal to the FWWB 
Coupon Performance Barrier, or (iv) "greater than FWWB Coupon Performance Barrier" is 
applicable, greater than the FWWB Coupon Performance Barrier, each as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"FWWB Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date or a Coupon Payment 
Date (as applicable), an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"FX Business Day Convention" has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions. 
"FX Initial Valuation Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the date specified as such in 
respect of such FX Rate in the relevant Issue Terms or, if so specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Adjusted Asset Initial Valuation Date or such number of FX Business Days 
following the Adjusted Asset Initial Valuation Date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in each case, subject to any adjustment in accordance with the FX Business Day Convention.  
"FX Price Source" has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions. 
"FXR" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to, if the relevant 
Issue Terms specify:  
(a) 
"Inverse FXR" to be not applicable, the quotient of (i) the Final FX Rate divided by (ii) 
the Initial FX Rate; or  
(b) 
"Inverse FXR" to be applicable, the quotient of (i) the Initial FX Rate, divided by (ii) the 
Final FX Rate, 
provided that, in each case, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "FXR" to be not applicable, then 
"FXR" shall be deemed to be one. If the relevant Issue Terms specify "FXR" to be applicable, 
then the FX Rate shall only be used to determine the Final FX Rate and the Initial FX Rate for 
the purposes of this definition of FXR and shall not be used in these Payout Conditions to 
determine any other variable or event in these Payout Conditions that is used to calculate and/or 
determine the Security Redemption Amount or, if applicable, Early Redemption Amount or 
Coupon Amount (including, without limitation, the Final Value, Initial Value, Reference Asset 
Closing Value, Reference Asset-Intra-Day Value, FRP, Barrier Event, Barrier Performance 
Event, Coupon Barrier Event, Coupon Event, Enhanced Coupon Event 1, Enhanced Coupon 
Event 2, Early Redemption Event or Daily Observation Early Redemption Event (in each case, 
if applicable)). 
"FX Rate" has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions.

--- Page 438 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
432 
 
"FX Rate (Qualifying Actual Transaction)" has the meaning given in the FX Linked 
Provisions. 
"FX Rate Sponsor" has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions. 
"FX Rate Table" means the table specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"FX Valuation Date" means, in respect of: 
(a) 
a Share FX Rate, the Adjusted Share Valuation Date; and 
(b) 
an FX Rate other than a Share FX Rate, the date specified as such in respect of such FX 
Rate in the relevant Issue Terms or, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Adjusted Asset Valuation Date or such number of FX Business Days following the 
Adjusted Asset Valuation Date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms,  
in each case, subject to any adjustment in accordance with the FX Business Day Convention. 
"FX Valuation Time" has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions. 
"High Barrier" means (a) if "Range Accrual Coupon (Single Reference Asset)" or "Range 
Accrual Coupon (Worst of)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect 
of a Reference Asset, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such 
Reference Asset or (b) if "Range Accrual Coupon (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Highest Value (Coupon)" means, in respect of a Reference Asset and: 
(a) 
the first Coupon Valuation Date, the Initial Value; and 
(b) 
each Coupon Valuation Date (other than the first Coupon Valuation Date), the greater of 
(i) the Initial Value of such Reference Asset and (ii) the greatest Reference Asset Closing 
Value of such Reference Asset in respect of each Coupon Valuation Date falling prior to 
(but excluding) such Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"i" means each integer from (and including) 1 to (and including) the Number of Trigger Levels. 
"Index" has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions. 
"Index Level" has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions. 
"Index Strike Level" has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions. 
"Initial Average Index Level" means, in respect of an Index and an Initial Valuation Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the Closing Index Level of the Index on each Averaging Date for such Index 
and such Initial Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Initial Average Share Price" means, in respect of a Share and an Initial Valuation Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the Closing Share Price of the Share on each Averaging Date for such Share 
and such Initial Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Cash Allocation" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑
Allocation (i)
Number of Trigger Levels
𝑖=1
 
"Initial Closing Commodity Index Level" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Commodity Index, the Closing Commodity Index Level of the 
Commodity Index on the Initial Pricing Date for such Commodity Index, and if specified in the

--- Page 439 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
433 
 
relevant Issue Terms, being the amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Initial Value" in the row corresponding to such Commodity Index, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
"Initial Closing Fund Price" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of a Fund Share, the Closing Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund on the 
Initial Valuation Date for such Fund, and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the 
amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row 
corresponding to such Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment 
and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Closing Index Level" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of an Index, the Closing Index Level of the Index on the Initial Valuation Date for 
such Index, and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the amount specified in the 
Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row corresponding to such 
Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Closing Share Price" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of a Share, the Closing Share Price of such Share on the Initial Valuation Date for 
such Share, and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the amount specified in the 
Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row corresponding to such 
Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Commodity Index Level" means, in respect of a Commodity Index: 
(a) 
if "Commodity Index Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity 
Index Level of the Commodity Index on the Initial Pricing Date for such Commodity 
Index; or 
(b) 
if "Commodity Index Strike Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Commodity Index Strike Level of the Commodity Index on the Initial Pricing Date for 
such Commodity Index; or 
(c) 
the amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" 
in the row corresponding to such Commodity Index, being, (i) if "Commodity Index 
Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity Index Level of the 
Commodity Index on the Initial Pricing Date for the Commodity Index or (ii) if 
"Commodity Index Strike Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity 
Index Strike Level of the Commodity Index on the Initial Pricing Date for the 
Commodity Index, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction 
in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Commodity Price" means, in respect of a Commodity: 
(a) 
if "Commodity Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity Price of 
the Commodity on the Initial Pricing Date for the Commodity; or 
(b) 
if "Commodity Strike Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity 
Strike Price of the Commodity on the Initial Pricing Date for the Commodity; or 
(c) 
the amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" 
in the row corresponding to such Commodity, being (i) if "Commodity Price" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity Price of the Commodity on the Initial Pricing 
Date for the Commodity or (ii) if "Commodity Strike Price" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Commodity Strike Price of the Commodity on the Initial Pricing Date 
for the Commodity,

--- Page 440 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
434 
 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction 
in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Commodity Reference Price" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price of the Commodity on the 
Initial Pricing Date for such Commodity, and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the 
amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row 
corresponding to such Commodity, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Equity Perf Allocation" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
1 −Initial Cash Allocation 
"Initial FX Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate: 
(a) 
if "FX Rate Initial Valuation" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the FX Rate on 
the FX Initial Valuation Date for the FX Rate; or 
(b) 
the amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" 
in the row corresponding to such FX Rate, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction 
in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Initial Index Level" means, in respect of an Index: 
(a) 
if "Index Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Index Level of the Index on 
the Initial Valuation Date for the Index; or 
(b) 
if "Index Strike Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Index Strike Level of 
the Index on the Initial Valuation Date for the Index; or 
(c) 
the amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" 
in the row corresponding to such Index, being (i) if "Index Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Index Level of the Index on the Initial Valuation Date for the 
Index or (ii) if "Index Strike Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Index 
Strike Level of the Index on the Initial Valuation Date for the Index, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction 
in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of the Reference Asset and the Initial Valuation Date for such Reference Asset, the 
period commencing on the relevant Initial Observation Period Start Date and ending on the 
Initial Observation Period End Date. Where the Securities relate to a Basket of Reference 
Assets, there shall be a separate Initial Observation Period for each Reference Asset. 
"Initial Observation Period End Date" means, in respect of the Reference Asset, the Initial 
Valuation Date for such Reference Asset, which shall be the last day of the Initial Observation 
Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Initial Observation Period, as provided in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Initial Observation Period Start Date" means, in respect of the Reference Asset, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant Initial 
Observation Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Initial Observation Period, as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Initial Pricing Date" in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index, has the meaning given 
in the Commodity Linked Provisions.

--- Page 441 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
435 
 
"Initial Reference Asset Closing Value" means in respect of a Reference Asset which is:  
(a) 
a Share, the Initial Closing Share Price of such Share, the Lowest Initial Closing Share 
Price of such Share, the Lowest Initial Closing Share Price (Specified Observation Dates) 
of such Share or the Initial Average Share Price of such Share, as specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms;  
(b) 
an Index, the Initial Closing Index Level of such Index, the Lowest Initial Closing Index 
Level of such Index, the Lowest Initial Closing Index Level (Specified Observation 
Dates) of such Index or the Initial Average Index Level of such Index, as specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms;  
(c) 
a Commodity, the Initial Commodity Reference Price of such Commodity; 
(d) 
a Commodity Index, the Initial Closing Commodity Index Level of such Commodity 
Index;  
(e) 
an FX Rate, the Initial FX Rate of such FX Rate; and 
(f) 
a Fund Share, the Initial Closing Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund.  
"Initial Reference Asset Intra-Day Value" means in respect of:  
(a) 
a Share, the Initial Share Price of such Share;  
(b) 
an Index, the Initial Index Level of such Index;  
(c) 
a Commodity, the Initial Commodity Price of such Commodity; and 
(d) 
a Commodity Index, the Initial Commodity Index Level of such Commodity Index. 
"Initial Share Price" means, in respect of a Share:  
(a) 
if "Share Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Share Price of the Share on 
the Initial Valuation Date for the Share; or 
(b) 
if "Share Strike Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Share Strike Price of 
the Share on the Initial Valuation Date for the Share; or 
(c) 
the amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" 
in the row corresponding to such Share, being (i) if "Share Price" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Share Price of the Share on the Initial Valuation Date for the 
Share or (ii) if "Share Strike Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Share 
Strike Price of the Share on the Initial Valuation Date for the Share,  
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction 
in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Valuation Date" in respect of:  
(a) 
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions;  
(b) 
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions; and 
(c) 
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions. 
"Initial Value" means, in respect of a Reference Asset, the Initial Reference Asset Closing 
Value of such Reference Asset or the Initial Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of such Reference 
Asset or any other value or amount, in each case as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Instalment Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 442 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
436 
 
"Investment Level (i)" means, in respect of each "i", the Reference Asset Closing Value of the 
Reference Asset in respect of the Trigger Date (i) in respect of such "i", as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and/or correction in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
"Investment Period (i, t)" means, in respect of each Coupon Period (Drop Back) and each "i": 
(a) 
if a Trigger Date (i) has not occurred in respect of any Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) in the Relevant Observation Period in respect of such Coupon Period (Drop 
Back), the number of calendar days in the period commencing on, but excluding, the 
Initial Valuation Date and ending on, and including, the Coupon Valuation Date on 
which such Coupon Period (Drop Back) ends; or 
(b) 
if a Trigger Date (i) has occurred in respect of any Observation Date (Closing Valuation) 
in the Relevant Observation Period in respect of such Coupon Period (Drop Back), the 
number of calendar days in the period commencing on, but excluding, the Initial 
Valuation Date and ending on, and including, Trigger Date (i), 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"k" means in respect of each Early Redemption Date, the number of Early Redemption 
Valuation Dates falling prior to such Early Redemption Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Knock-In Best Performance Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Knock-In Event" means: 
(a) 
if "Knock-In Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of the Knock-In Reference Date and an Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation) falling in the Knock-In Observation Period corresponding to the 
Knock-In Reference Date (and a Knock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
the Reference Asset Closing Value of the Reference Asset on such Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal 
to the Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Knock-In Strike in 
respect of such Reference Asset, or (ii) "greater than the Knock-In Strike" is applicable, 
greater than the Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; or 
(b) 
if "Knock-In Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of the Knock-In Reference Date and an Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation) falling in the Knock-In Observation Period corresponding to the Knock-
In Reference Date (and a Knock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of the Reference Asset at any time on such Observation 
Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than 
or equal to the Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Knock-In 
Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, or (ii) "greater than the Knock-In Strike" is 
applicable, greater than the Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, each as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(c) 
if "Knock-In Reference Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, (and a Knock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Asset 
Closing Value of the Reference Asset on the Knock-In Reference Date is, if the relevant 
Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal to the Knock-In Strike" is applicable, 
greater than or equal to the Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, or (ii) 
"greater than the Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater than the Knock-In Strike in 
respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Knock-In Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of the Reference Asset and a Knock-In Reference Date for such Reference

--- Page 443 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
437 
 
Asset, the period commencing on the relevant Knock-In Observation Period Start Date and 
ending on the relevant Knock-In Observation Period End Date. 
"Knock-In Observation Period End Date" means, if "Knock-In Observation Period" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Reference Asset and a 
Knock-In Reference Date for such Reference Asset, such Knock-In Reference Date for such 
Reference Asset, which shall be the last day of the relevant Knock-In Observation Period, and 
shall be included or excluded from the Knock-In Observation Period, as provided in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Knock-In Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Knock-In Observation Period" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Reference Asset and a 
Knock-In Reference Date for such Reference Asset, the date specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant Knock-In Observation Period, and shall 
be included or excluded from the Knock-In Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Knock-In Performance Event" means:  
(a) 
if "Knock-In Performance Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Knock-In Reference Date and an Observation 
Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the Knock-In Performance Observation Period 
corresponding to the Knock-In Reference Date (and a Knock-In Performance Event shall 
be deemed to have occurred if), the Relevant Performance (Worst) in respect of such 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) 
"greater than or equal to the Knock-In Performance Strike" is applicable, greater than or 
equal to the Knock-In Performance Strike, or (ii) "greater than the Knock-In Performance 
Strike" is applicable, greater than the Knock-In Performance Strike, each as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; or 
(b) 
if "Knock-In Performance Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Knock-In Reference Date and an Observation 
Date (Intra-Day Valuation) falling in the Knock-In Performance Observation Period 
corresponding to the Knock-In Reference Date (and a Knock-In Performance Event shall 
be deemed to have occurred if), the Relevant Performance (Worst) at any time in respect 
of such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
that (i) "greater than or equal to the Knock-In Performance Strike" is applicable, greater 
than or equal to the Knock-In Performance Strike, or (ii) "greater than the Knock-In 
Performance Strike" is applicable, greater than the Knock-In Performance Strike, each 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(c) 
if "Knock-In Performance Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, (and a Knock-In Performance Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the 
Relevant Performance (Worst) in respect of the Knock-In Reference Date is, if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal to the Knock-In Performance 
Strike" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Knock-In Performance Strike, or (ii) 
"greater than the Knock-In Performance Strike" is applicable, greater than the Knock-In 
Performance Strike, each as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Knock-In Performance Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset, the period commencing on the relevant 
Knock-In Performance Observation Period Start Date and ending on the relevant Knock-In 
Performance Observation Period End Date. Where the Securities relate to a Basket of Reference 
Assets, there shall be a separate Knock-In Performance Observation Period for each Reference 
Asset in respect of the Knock-In Reference Date. 
"Knock-In Performance Observation Period End Date" means, if "Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a 
Reference Asset and the Knock-In Reference Date for such Reference Asset, such Knock-In 
Reference Date for such Reference Asset, which shall be the last day of the relevant Knock-In

--- Page 444 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
438 
 
Performance Observation Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Knock-In 
Performance Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Knock-In Performance Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a 
Reference Asset, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first 
day of the relevant Knock-In Performance Observation Period, and shall be included or 
excluded from the Knock-In Performance Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Knock-In Performance Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Knock-In Reference Date" means the Valuation Date, the Final Pricing Date, the FX 
Valuation Date, the Final Averaging Date in respect of the Valuation Date or any other date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Knock-In Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of 
the Reference Asset. 
"Last Occurring FWWB Coupon Performance Event Date" means, in respect of a Coupon 
Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if an FWWB Coupon Performance Event has not occurred prior to such Coupon 
Valuation Date, the Issue Date; and 
(b) 
if an FWWB Coupon Performance Event has occurred prior to such Coupon Valuation 
Date, the last Coupon Valuation Date (prior to such Coupon Valuation Date) on which 
an FWWB Coupon Performance Event has occurred. 
"Lock-in Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Lock-in Event" means, in respect of a Lock-in Valuation Date and Securities that relate to: 
(a) 
a single Reference Asset (and a Lock-in Event shall be deemed to have occurred in 
respect of such Lock-in Valuation Date if), the Reference Asset Closing Value of such 
Reference Asset on such Lock-in Valuation Date is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
that:  
 
"less than or equal to Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than or equal to the Lock-
in Level in respect of such Reference Asset; 
 
"greater than or equal to Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than or equal to the 
Lock-in Level in respect of such Reference Asset; 
 
"less than Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than the Lock-in Level in respect of 
such Reference Asset; or  
 
"greater than Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than the Lock-in Level in 
respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
a Basket of Reference Assets (and a Lock-in Event shall be deemed to have occurred in 
respect of such Lock-in Valuation Date if), the Reference Asset Closing Value of each 
Reference Asset on such Lock-in Valuation Date is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
that:  
 
"less than or equal to Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than or equal to the Lock-
in Level in respect of such Reference Asset;  
 
"greater than or equal to Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than or equal to the 
Lock-in Level in respect of such Reference Asset;

--- Page 445 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
439 
 
 
"less than Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than the Lock-in Level in respect of 
such Reference Asset; or  
 
"greater than Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than the Lock-in Level in 
respect of such Reference Asset.  
"Lock-in Level" means, in respect of a Lock-in Valuation Date and a Reference Asset, the 
amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Lock-in Valuation Date and such 
Reference Asset.  
"Lock-in Valuation Date" means each or such Periodic Valuation Date or each or such Periodic 
Pricing Date as specified in the relevant Issue Terms or any other date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms.  
"Low Barrier" means (a) if "Range Accrual Coupon (Single Reference Asset)" or "Range 
Accrual Coupon (Worst of)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect 
of a Reference Asset, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such 
Reference Asset or (b) if "Range Accrual Coupon (Basket of Reference Assets)" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Lowest Initial Closing Index Level" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Index and each Observation Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the 
Initial Observation Period for such Index, the lowest Closing Index Level of such Index on each 
such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being 
the amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the 
row corresponding to such Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Lowest Initial Closing Index Level (Specified Observation Dates)" means, if specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of an Index and each Specified Observation 
Date for such Index, the lowest Closing Index Level of such Index on each such Specified 
Observation Date, and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the amount specified in 
the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row corresponding to 
such Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
"Lowest Initial Closing Share Price" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Share and each Observation Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the Initial 
Observation Period for such Share, the lowest Closing Share Price of such Share on each such 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation), and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the 
amount specified in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row 
corresponding to such Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment 
and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Lowest Initial Closing Share Price (Specified Observation Dates)" means, if specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Share and each Specified Observation 
Date for such Share, the lowest Closing Share Price of such Share on each such Specified 
Observation Date, and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the amount specified in 
the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row corresponding to 
such Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
"M" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount 
payable on such date, the number of Observation Dates (Closing Valuation) in the Coupon 
Observation Period ending on (and including or excluding, as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) the Coupon Observation Date falling most recently prior to such Coupon Payment Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"M (Basket)" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon 
Amount payable on such date, the number of Relevant Days in the Coupon Observation Period

--- Page 446 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
440 
 
ending on (and including or excluding, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the Coupon 
Observation Date falling most recently prior to such Coupon Payment Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
"M(Worst of)" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon 
Amount payable on such date, the number of Relevant Days in the Coupon Observation Period 
ending on (and including or excluding, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the Coupon 
Observation Date falling most recently prior to such Coupon Payment Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.  
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the 
amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Max(i)" means: 
(a) 
if a No Trigger Event has occurred, 0; or 
(b) 
if a No Trigger Event has not occurred, the maximum value of "i" where a Trigger Event 
(i) has occurred in respect of such "i". 
"Memory Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Sum of Previous Coupon Amounts - APCA 
"Memory Coupon Value" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of the 
amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Minimum Redemption Value" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount 
payable on such date, the number of Observation Dates (Closing Valuation) in the Coupon 
Observation Period ending on (and including or excluding, as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) the Coupon Observation Date falling most recently prior to such Coupon Payment Date 
on which the Reference Asset Closing Value of the Reference Asset is: 
(a) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal to the Low Barrier" is 
applicable, greater than or equal to the Low Barrier in respect of the Reference Asset, or 
(ii) "greater than the Low Barrier" is applicable, greater than the Low Barrier in respect 
of such Reference Asset; and 
(b) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "equal to or less than the High Barrier" is 
applicable, equal to or less than the High Barrier in respect of the Reference Asset, or (ii) 
"less than the High Barrier" is applicable, less than the High Barrier in respect of the 
Reference Asset,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"N (Basket)" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon 
Amount payable on such date, the number of Relevant Days in the Coupon Observation Period 
ending on (and including or excluding, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the Coupon 
Observation Date falling most recently prior to such Coupon Payment Date on which the 
Relevant Performance (Basket) for such Relevant Day is: 
(a) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal to the Low Barrier" is 
applicable, greater than or equal to the Low Barrier for such Relevant Day, or (ii) "greater 
than the Low Barrier" is applicable, greater than the Low Barrier in respect of such 
Relevant Day; and

--- Page 447 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
441 
 
(b) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "equal to or less than the High Barrier" is 
applicable, equal to or less than the High Barrier for such Relevant Day, or (ii) "less than 
the High Barrier" is applicable, less than the High Barrier for such Relevant Day,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"N(Worst of)" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon 
Amount payable on such date, the number of Relevant Days in the Coupon Observation Period 
ending on (and including or excluding, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the Coupon 
Observation Date falling most recently prior to such Coupon Payment Date on which the 
Reference Asset Closing Value of the Worst Performance Reference Asset for such Relevant 
Day is: 
(a) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal to the Low Barrier" is 
applicable, greater than or equal to the Low Barrier in respect of the Worst Performance 
Reference Asset for such Relevant Day, or (ii) "greater than the Low Barrier" is 
applicable, greater than the Low Barrier in respect of the Worst Performance Reference 
Asset for such Relevant Day; and 
(b) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "equal to or less than the High Barrier" is 
applicable, equal to or less than the High Barrier in respect of the Worst Performance 
Reference Asset for such Relevant Day, or (ii) "less than the High Barrier" is applicable, 
less than the High Barrier in respect of the Worst Performance Reference Asset for such 
Relevant Day,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"No Trigger Event" means that the Reference Asset Closing Value of the Reference Asset in 
respect of each Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is greater than the Trigger Level (i), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Number of Reference Assets" means, in respect of each Security, if:  
(a) 
"Put Strike Multiplier" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and: 
 
"Share FX Conversion" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, being, or if not 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, determined as, the number of shares of the 
Deliverable Reference Asset calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula (rounded to four decimal places, with 0.00005 
rounded upwards): 
CA
PSP(Initial) 
 
"Share FX Conversion" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the amount determined as, the number of shares of the Deliverable Reference 
Asset calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula (rounded to four decimal places, with 0.00005 rounded upwards): 
CA × Share FX Rate
PSP(Initial)
 
(b) 
"Put Strike Multiplier" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and: 
 
"Share FX Conversion" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, being, or if not 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, determined as, the number of shares of the 
Deliverable Reference Asset calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula (rounded to four decimal places, with 0.00005 
rounded upwards):

--- Page 448 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
442 
 
CA
PSP(Initial) × Put Strike 
 
"Share FX Conversion" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the amount determined as, the number of shares of the Deliverable Reference 
Asset calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula (rounded to four decimal places, with 0.00005 rounded upwards): 
CA × Share FX Rate
PSP(Initial) × Put Strike 
(c) 
"Drop Back Redemption Amount" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Settlement" are 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the amount determined as, the 
number of shares of the Deliverable Reference Asset calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula (rounded to four decimal places, with 0.00005 
rounded upwards): 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥[(Final Cash Allocation + Equity Performance); Floor]
PSP (Final)
 
"Number of Trigger Levels" means an integer specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" in respect of:  
(a) 
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions;  
(b) 
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions;  
(c) 
a Commodity or a Commodity Index, has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked 
Provisions;  
(d) 
an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions; and 
(e) 
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions.  
"Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" in respect of: 
(a) 
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions;  
(b) 
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions;  
(c) 
a Commodity or a Commodity Index, has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked 
Provisions; and 
(d) 
an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions.  
"Observation Period" in respect of 
(a) 
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions;  
(b) 
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions;  
(c) 
a Commodity or a Commodity Index, has the meaning given in the Commodity Linked 
Provisions;  
(d) 
an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions; and 
(e) 
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions. 
"Observation Period (Drop Back)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset, the period commencing on the relevant Observation 
Period (Drop Back) Start Date and ending on the relevant Observation Period (Drop Back) End 
Date.

--- Page 449 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
443 
 
"Observation Period (Drop Back) End Date" means, if "Observation Period (Drop Back)" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the last day of the relevant 
Observation Period (Drop Back), and shall be included or excluded from the Observation Period 
(Drop Back), as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Observation Period (Drop Back) Start Date" means, if "Observation Period (Drop Back)" 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant 
Observation Period (Drop Back), and shall be included or excluded from the Observation Period 
(Drop Back), as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Participation" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"PCA" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Performance Factor 1" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Performance Factor 2" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Periodic Pricing Date" in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index, has the meaning 
given in the Commodity Linked Provisions. 
"Periodic Valuation Date" in respect of: 
(a) 
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions;  
(b) 
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions; 
(c) 
an FX Rate, has the meaning given in the FX Linked Provisions; and 
(d) 
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions.  
"PF1" means Performance Factor 1.  
"PF2" means Performance Factor 2.  
"Physical Settlement Price (Final)" means, in respect of a Deliverable Reference Asset, the 
Final Closing Share Price of such Deliverable Reference Asset or any other amount specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of such Deliverable Reference Asset. 
"Physical Settlement Price (Initial)" means, in respect of a Deliverable Reference Asset, the 
Initial Closing Share Price of such Deliverable Reference Asset, the Initial Share Price of such 
Deliverable Reference Asset or any other amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
in respect of such Deliverable Reference Asset. 
"PPDown" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"PPUp" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Previous Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period ending on or immediately before such Coupon Payment Date, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA × (Contingent Floating Rate+Spread) × Relevant DCF 
"Protection" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"PSP (Final)" means the Physical Settlement Price (Final) in respect of the relevant Deliverable 
Reference Asset. 
"PSP (Initial)" means the Physical Settlement Price (Initial) in respect of the relevant 
Deliverable Reference Asset.

--- Page 450 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
444 
 
"Put Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Range Accrual Coupon Factor" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Rebate" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Barrier" means either (a) an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or (b) in respect a Reference Asset, an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in 
respect of such Reference Asset. 
"RA 1 Final Value" means the Final Value of Reference Asset 1. 
"RA 1 Initial Value" means the Initial Value of Reference Asset 1. 
"RA 2 Final Value" means the Final Value of Reference Asset 2. 
"RA 2 Initial Value" means the Initial Value of Reference Asset 2.  
"Reference Asset 1" means the Reference Asset specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Reference Asset 2" means the Reference Asset specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Reference Asset Amount" or "Reference Asset Amounts" means in respect of each Security 
and a Share, the Rounded Number of Reference Assets which is to be delivered by the Delivery 
Agent on behalf of the Issuer. The Reference Asset Amount (a) will be determined in respect of 
each Security without first aggregating the entire holding of Securities held by any Holder, and 
(b) to be delivered will include only whole Shares of the Deliverable Reference Asset and the 
Residual Cash Amount will be payable in lieu of any fractional Shares of the Deliverable 
Reference Asset. 
"Reference Asset Closing Value" means, on any relevant day in respect of a Reference Asset 
which is:  
(a) 
a Share, the Closing Share Price of such Share on or in respect of such day;  
(b) 
an Index, the Closing Index Level of such Index on or in respect of such day; 
(c) 
a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price of such Commodity on or in respect of 
such day;  
(d) 
a Commodity Index, the Closing Commodity Index Level of such Commodity Index on 
or in respect of such day; 
(e) 
an FX Rate, the FX Rate on or in respect of such day; and 
(f) 
a Fund Share, the Closing Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund on and in respect 
of such day. 
"Reference Asset Intra-Day Value" means at any relevant time on any relevant day in respect 
of:  
(a) 
a Share, the Share Price of such Share at such time on or in respect of such day; and 
(b) 
an Index, the Index Level of such Index at such time on or in respect of such day; 
(c) 
a Commodity, the Commodity Price of such Commodity on or in respect of such day;  
(d) 
a Commodity Index, the Commodity Index Level of such Commodity Index at such time 
on or in respect of such day; and 
(e) 
an FX Rate, the FX Rate (Qualifying Actual Transaction) corresponding to such FX Rate 
at such time on or in respect of such day.

--- Page 451 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
445 
 
"Reference Asset Table" means the table specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Day" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Period, a day falling in such 
Coupon Observation Period which is an Observation Date (Closing Valuation) for each 
Reference Asset in the Basket of Reference Assets.  
"Relevant DCF" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon 
Amount payable on such date, the Day Count Fraction in respect of the Contingent Floating 
Rate Coupon Period ending on or immediately before such Coupon Payment Date. 
"Relevant Observation Period" means, in respect of a Coupon Period (Drop Back), the period 
from, but excluding, the Initial Valuation Date to, and including, the Coupon Valuation Date on 
which such Coupon Period (Drop Back) ends. 
"Relevant Performance" means Asset Performance, Relevant Performance (Basket), Relevant 
Performance (Best) or Relevant Performance (Worst), as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Relevant Performance (Basket)" means the aggregate of the Weighted Performance of each 
Reference Asset in a Basket of Reference Assets in respect of a relevant day. 
"Relevant Performance (Best)" means the Asset Performance of the Best Reference Asset in 
respect of a relevant day. 
"Relevant Performance (Worst)" means the Asset Performance of the Worst Performance 
Reference Asset in respect of a relevant day. 
"Residual Amount" means, if the Deliverable Reference Asset specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms is: 
(a) 
the Share, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
the Worst Share, with respect to each Share specified in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Reference Asset(s)", if such Share is the Worst Share, the amount set 
forth in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Residual Amount" in the row 
corresponding to such Share; or 
(c) 
the Final Worst Performance Share, with respect to each Share specified in the Reference 
Asset Table in the column entitled "Reference Asset(s)", if such Share is the Final Worst 
Performance Share, the amount set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the column 
entitled "Residual Amount" in the row corresponding to such Share, 
in each case, being, or if not specified in the relevant Issue Terms, determined as, an amount 
equal to the Number of Reference Assets minus the Rounded Number of Reference Assets, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Residual Cash Amount" means, in respect of each Security and the Deliverable Reference 
Asset, if: 
(a) 
"Share FX Conversion" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as (i) the 
Residual Amount in respect of the Deliverable Reference Asset, multiplied by (ii) the 
Physical Settlement Price (Final); or 
(b) 
"Share FX Conversion" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as (i) the 
Residual Amount in respect of the Deliverable Reference Asset, multiplied by (ii) the 
Physical Settlement Price (Final), and divided by (iii) the Share FX Rate. 
The Residual Cash Amount will be determined in respect of each Security without first 
aggregating the entire holding of Securities held by any Holder. 
"Reverse Trigger Bonus" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 452 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
446 
 
"Rounded Number of Reference Assets" means in respect of each Security and if the 
Deliverable Reference Asset specified in the relevant Issue Terms is: 
(a) 
the Share, an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
the Worst Share, with respect to each Share specified in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Reference Asset(s)" and if such Share is the Worst Share, the amount 
set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Rounded Number of 
Reference Assets" in the row corresponding to such Share; or 
(c) 
the Final Worst Performance Share, with respect to each Share specified in the Reference 
Asset Table in the column entitled "Reference Asset(s)" and if such Share is the Final 
Worst Performance Share, the amount set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Rounded Number of Reference Assets" in the row corresponding to 
such Share, 
in each case, being, or if not specified in the relevant Issue Terms, determined as, the Number 
of Reference Assets rounded down to the nearest whole Share as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Security Redemption Amount" means the amount determined in accordance with Payout 
Condition 3. 
"Security Redemption Date" means in respect of Securities which are (a) Notes, the Maturity 
Date and (b) Certificates, the Redemption Date. 
"Security Redemption Reference Asset(s)" means each Reference Asset specified as such in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Share" has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions. 
"Share Currency" means, in respect of the Share of each Share Issuer set forth in the column 
entitled "Share Issuer" in the "FX Rate Table", the currency as specified in the column entitled 
"Share Currency" corresponding to such Share Issuer. 
"Share FX Rate" means the FX Rate in respect of the Deliverable Reference Asset on the FX 
Valuation Date, provided that, if the Share Currency of the Deliverable Reference Asset is the 
same as the Base Currency, such FX Rate shall be deemed to be one (1). 
"Share Issuer" has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions. 
"Share Price" has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions. 
"Single of a Basket Knock-In Event" means:  
(a) 
if "Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Single of a Basket Knock-In Reference Date 
and an Observation Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the Single of a Basket Knock-In 
Observation Period corresponding to the Single of a Basket Knock-In Reference Date 
(and a Single of a Basket Knock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the 
Reference Asset Closing Value of any Reference Asset on such Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal 
to Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Single 
of a Basket Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference Asset or (ii) "greater than Single 
of a Basket Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater than the Single of a Basket Knock-In 
Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
or 
(b) 
if "Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Single of a Basket Knock-In 
Reference Date and an Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) falling in the Single of a 
Basket Knock-In Observation Period corresponding to the Single of a Basket Knock-In

--- Page 453 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
447 
 
Reference Date (and a Single of a Basket Knock-In Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value of any Reference Asset at any time on 
such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
(i) "greater than or equal to Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater 
than or equal to the Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference 
Asset or (ii) "greater than Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater than 
the Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, each as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(c) 
if "Single of a Basket Knock-In Reference Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, (and a Single of a Basket Knock-In Event shall be deemed to 
have occurred if), the Reference Asset Closing Value of any Reference Asset on the 
Single of a Basket Knock-In Reference Date is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
(i) "greater than or equal to Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater 
than or equal to the Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference 
Asset or (ii) "greater than Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater than 
the Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference Asset, each as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Asset and a Single of a Basket Knock-In 
Reference Date for such Reference Asset, the period commencing on the relevant Single of a 
Basket Knock-In Observation Period Start Date and ending on the relevant Single of a Basket 
Knock-In Observation Period End Date. 
"Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period End Date" means in respect of a Reference 
Asset and a Single of a Basket Knock-In Reference Date for such Reference Asset, such Single 
of a Basket Knock-In Reference Date for such Reference Asset, which shall be the last day of 
the relevant Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period, and shall be included or excluded 
from the Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period Start Date" means in respect of a 
Reference Asset and a Single of a Basket Knock-In Reference Date for such Reference Asset, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant 
Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period, and shall be included or excluded from the 
Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Single of a Basket Knock-In Reference Date" means the Valuation Date, the Final Pricing 
Date, the FX Valuation Date, the Final Averaging Date in respect of the Valuation Date or any 
other date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms in respect of a Reference Asset. 
"Specified Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
in respect of each Coupon Payment Date or, if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the relevant 
Issue Terms, with respect to each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Coupon Payment Table 
in the column entitled "Coupon Payment Date(s)", the amount set forth in the Coupon Payment 
Table in the column entitled "Specified Coupon Amount" in the row corresponding to such 
Coupon Payment Date. 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the General Conditions. 
"Specified Observation Date" in respect of: 
(a) 
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions; and 
(b) 
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions. 
"Spread" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 454 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
448 
 
"Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Strike1" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Strike2" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Sum FWWB Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date, the aggregate of 
the FWWB Coupon Rate for each Coupon Valuation Date in respect of which the "Fixed 
Coupon" is not applicable in the period from (but excluding) the Last Occurring FWWB Coupon 
Performance Event Date to (but excluding) such Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Sum of Previous Coupon Amounts" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being 
equal to the sum of all Previous Coupon Amounts in respect of each Coupon Payment Date 
preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment Date. 
"t" means in respect of the Coupon Payment Date immediately following each Coupon 
Valuation Date (for the purposes of this definition of t, the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), 
either (i) the amount set forth in the Coupon Payment Table in the column entitled "t" in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date or (ii) the number of Coupon Payment Dates 
falling in the period commencing on, but excluding, the Issue Date and ending on, and including, 
the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Trigger Date (i)" means, in respect of each "i", the first Observation Date (Closing Valuation) 
(if any) in respect of which a Trigger Event (i) has occurred, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Trigger Event (i)" means (and a Trigger Event (i) shall be deemed to have occurred), in respect 
of each "i": 
(a) 
if the Number of Trigger Levels is greater than 1, and: 
 
if such "i" is a value falling from (and including) 1 to (but excluding) the Number 
of Trigger Levels, the Reference Asset Closing Value of the Reference Asset in 
respect of any Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is equal to or less than the 
Trigger Level (i) but greater than the Trigger Level (i + 1) in respect of such "i", 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
 
if such "i" equals to the Number of Trigger Levels, the Reference Asset Closing 
Value of the Reference Asset in respect of any Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) is equal to or less than the Trigger Level (i), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(b) 
if the Number of Trigger Levels is equal to 1, the Reference Asset Closing Value of the 
Reference Asset in respect of any Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is equal to or 
less than the Trigger Level (i), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Trigger Level (i)" means, in respect of each "i", an amount specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Trigger Level (i + 1)" means, in respect of each "i" falling from (and including) 1 to (but 
excluding) the Number of Trigger Levels, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to Trigger Level (n) where "n" is an integer equal to i + 1, as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"UpCAP" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"UpPFI" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Upside Gearing" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 455 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
449 
 
"Valuation Date" in respect of:  
(a) 
a Share, has the meaning given in the Share Linked Provisions;  
(b) 
an Index, has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions; and 
(c) 
a Fund, has the meaning given in the Fund Linked Provisions. 
"Value(t)" means in respect of a Reference Asset and any relevant day, the Reference Asset 
Closing Value of such Reference Asset or the Reference Asset Intra-Day Value in respect of 
such Reference Asset on such relevant day, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"VCA" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"W" means, in respect of a Reference Asset, the amount set forth in the column entitled "W" in 
the row corresponding to such Reference Asset in the Reference Asset Table, or, if different 
amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Reference Asset and Payout 
Condition 1, Payout Condition 2 or Payout Condition 3, the amount corresponding to such 
Reference Asset and such Payout Condition. 
"Weighted Coupon Strike (High Watermark)" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date 
and each Reference Asset in a Basket of Reference Assets, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
W × Highest Value (Coupon)
Initial Value
 
"Weighted Coupon Factor Performance" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and 
each Reference Asset in a Basket of Reference Assets, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
W ×
Reference Asset Closing Value
Initial Reference Asset Closing Value × CFDM 
"Weighted Performance" means, in respect of each Reference Asset in the Basket of Reference 
Assets, if the relevant Issue Terms specify: 
(a) 
"Weighted Performance (Value/Initial)" to be applicable, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
W ×
Value(t)
Initial Value 
(b) 
"Weighted Performance (Asset Return)" to be applicable, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
W × Value(t) − Initial Value
Initial Value
 
"Worst Final Value" means the Final Value of the Worst Reference Asset. 
"Worst Initial Value" means the Initial Value of the Worst Reference Asset. 
"Worst Performance Reference Asset" means, in respect of any relevant day, the Reference 
Asset with the lowest Asset Performance on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(provided that if two or more Reference Assets have the same lowest Asset Performance on 
such day, then the Calculation Agent shall determine which such Reference Asset shall be the 
Worst Performance Reference Asset in its sole and absolute discretion, and such Reference 
Asset shall be the Worst Performance Reference Asset for such day). 
"Worst Reference Asset" means, in respect of any relevant day, the Reference Asset with the 
lowest Asset Return on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent (provided that if two

--- Page 456 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
450 
 
or more Reference Assets have the same lowest Asset Return on such day, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine which such Reference Asset shall be the Worst Reference Asset in its 
sole and absolute discretion, and such Reference Asset shall be the Worst Reference Asset for 
such day). 
"Worst Share" means, in respect of any relevant day, the Share with the lowest Asset Return 
on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent (provided that if two or more Shares have 
the same lowest Asset Return on such day, then the Calculation Agent shall determine which 
such Share shall be the Worst Share in its sole and absolute discretion, and such Share shall be 
the Worst Share for such day).  
(b) 
Interpretation 
 
If "Trading in Units" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, one Note 
(of the Specified Denomination) will be equal to one Unit. Notes will be tradable by 
reference to the number of Notes being traded (each having the Specified Denomination) 
instead of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes being traded. 
 
If "Trading in Notional (Certificates)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, each reference in the Payout Conditions to "each Security" shall be deemed to be 
a reference to "each notional amount of each Security equal to the Calculation Amount". 
 
Where the Securities are specified as "Note", each reference in the Payout Conditions to 
"each Security" shall be deemed to be a reference to "each nominal amount of each 
Security equal to the Calculation Amount". 
 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in these Payout Conditions will have the meanings 
given to them in the General Conditions.

--- Page 457 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
451 
 
REFERENCE ASSET LINKED CONDITIONS 
 
SHARE LINKED PROVISIONS 
 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days .......................................................................................... 451 
 
1.1 
Single Share and Reference Dates .............................................................................. 451 
 
1.2 
Single Share and Averaging Dates ............................................................................. 452 
 
1.3 
Share Basket and Reference Dates ............................................................................. 453 
 
1.4 
Share Basket and Averaging Dates ............................................................................. 453 
2. 
Fallback Valuation Date ........................................................................................................ 454 
3. 
Correction of prices ................................................................................................................ 455 
4. 
Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events ...................................................................... 455 
5. 
Consequences of Extraordinary Events for a Share other than a Share that is a share of an 
Exchange Traded Fund .......................................................................................................... 455 
6. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events  .................................................................... 456 
7. 
Depositary Receipt Provisions ............................................................................................... 457 
 
7.1 
Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions ................................................... 457 
 
7.2 
Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions ....................................................... 459 
8. 
Consequences of Extraordinary Events in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange 
Traded Fund and a Successor Index Event (ETF) .................................................................. 462 
9. 
Adjustments to Securities linked to Shares in European Currencies ..................................... 463 
10. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................. 463 
 
These Share Linked Provisions shall apply to Securities for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
the Share Linked Provisions are applicable. 
1 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Share and Reference Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a single Share (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision 
shall apply to one or more particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such 
Reference Dates only), and if the Calculation Agent determines that any Reference Date is a 
Disrupted Day, then the Reference Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Reference Date is a 
Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such Share 
as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, and such 
determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (b) shall be deemed 
to be the Closing Share Price in respect of the Reference Date.

--- Page 458 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
452 
 
1.2 
Single Share and Averaging Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a single Share, and if the Calculation Agent determines that any 
Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, in the relevant Issue Terms the consequence specified 
is: 
(a) 
"Omission", then the Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging 
Date, provided that, if through the operation of this provision there would be no 
Averaging Dates then the sole Averaging Date for such Share shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day following the final Scheduled Averaging Date that 
the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following such final Scheduled Averaging 
Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the sole 
Averaging Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such 
Share as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, 
and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) 
shall be deemed to be the Closing Share Price in respect of the sole Averaging 
Date; 
(b) 
"Postponement", then the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date that the Calculation Agent 
determines is not a Disrupted Day (irrespective of whether that deferred Averaging Date 
is already or is deemed to be another Averaging Date), unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Averaging Date is 
a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is 
already or is deemed to be another Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day); and 
 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such 
Share as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, 
and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) 
shall be deemed to be the Closing Share Price in respect of the relevant Averaging 
Date; or 
(c) 
"Modified Postponement", then the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid 
Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the 
last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the final Scheduled Averaging Date, then: 
 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is 
already or is deemed to be another Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day); and 
 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such 
Share as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, 
and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) 
shall be deemed to be the Closing Share Price in respect of the relevant Averaging 
Date. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, if in the 
relevant Issue Terms no consequence is specified, then, it shall be deemed that the consequence 
specified in "Modified Postponement" will apply.

--- Page 459 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
453 
 
1.3 
Share Basket and Reference Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Shares (and if the Issue Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to one or more particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply 
to such Reference Dates only), and if the Calculation Agent determines that any Reference Date 
is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
the Reference Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines is not affected 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Reference Date; and 
(b) 
the Reference Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines is affected 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day relating to that Share, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day relating to that Share. In that case: 
 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Reference 
Date for the relevant Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day; and 
 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such 
Share as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, 
and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) 
shall be deemed to be the Closing Share Price in respect of the Reference Date. 
1.4 
Share Basket and Averaging Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Shares, and if the Calculation Agent determines that, 
for any Share, any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, in the relevant Issue Terms the 
consequence specified is: 
(a) 
"Omission", then: 
 
the Averaging Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines is not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Averaging 
Date; and 
 
the Averaging Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines is 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day will be deemed not to be an 
Averaging Date, provided that, if through the operation of this provision there 
would be no Averaging Dates for such Share, then the sole Averaging Date for 
such Share which the Calculation Agent determines is affected by the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day following 
the final Scheduled Averaging Date that the Calculation Agent determines is not 
a Disrupted Day relating to that Share, unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the final Scheduled 
Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day relating to that Share. In that case: 
(A) 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the sole 
Averaging Date for the relevant Share, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value 
for such Share as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day, and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be the Closing Share Price in 
respect of the sole Averaging Date;

--- Page 460 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
454 
 
(b) 
"Postponement", then: 
 
the Averaging Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines is not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Averaging 
Date; and 
 
the Averaging Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines is 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date that the 
Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day relating to that Share 
(irrespective of whether that deferred Averaging Date is or is deemed to be 
another Averaging Date), unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of 
the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to the Share. In that case: 
(A) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be such 
Averaging Date for the relevant Share (irrespective of whether that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already or is deemed to be another 
Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day); and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value 
for such Share as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day, and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Share 
Price in respect of the relevant Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
 
the Averaging Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines is not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Averaging 
Date; and 
 
the Averaging Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines is 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Valid 
Date relating to that Share. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as 
of the relevant Valuation Time on the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
final Scheduled Averaging Date: 
(A) 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Date for the relevant Share (irrespective of whether that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already or is deemed to be another 
Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day); and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value 
for such Share as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day, and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be the Closing Share Price in 
respect of the relevant Averaging Date. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, if in the 
relevant Issue Terms no consequence is specified, then, it shall be deemed that the consequence 
specified in "Modified Postponement" will apply. 
2 
Fallback Valuation Date 
Notwithstanding any other terms of the Share Linked Provisions, if a Fallback Valuation Date 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable to any Reference Date or Averaging 
Date (any such date being, a "Relevant Date"), and if:

--- Page 461 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
455 
 
(a) 
following adjustment of the original date on which such Relevant Date is scheduled to 
fall pursuant to either or both of Share Linked Provision 1 (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days) or Share Linked Provision 10 (Definitions), the Relevant Date in respect of a Share 
would otherwise fall after the Fallback Valuation Date in respect of the Share; or 
(b) 
the Maximum Days of Disruption for the Relevant Date is specified to be "Zero" or 
"None", 
then the Fallback Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the Relevant Date for the Share. If the 
Fallback Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day relating to that 
Share, as the case may be, then the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of 
the value for the Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Fallback Valuation Date and 
such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this Share Linked Provision2 shall be 
deemed to be the relevant Closing Share Price in respect of the Relevant Date. 
3 
Correction of prices 
In the event that any price published on the Exchange on any date which is utilised for any 
calculation or determination in connection with the Securities is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published by the Exchange by the earlier of:  
(a) 
one Settlement Cycle after the original publication; and  
(b) 
the second Business Day prior to the next date on which any relevant payment or delivery 
may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant determination in 
respect of the Securities may have to be made,  
the Calculation Agent may determine the amount that is payable or deliverable or make any 
determination in connection with the Securities after taking into account such correction, and, 
to the extent necessary, may adjust any relevant terms of the Securities to account for such 
correction.  
Upon making any such determination or adjustment, as applicable, to take into account any such 
correction, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders stating 
the determination or adjustment, as applicable, to any amount payable or deliverable under the 
Securities and/or any of the other relevant terms and giving brief details of the determination or 
adjustment, as applicable, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the 
validity of such determination or adjustment, as applicable, or any action taken. 
4 
Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred in respect 
of a Share, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has 
a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares and, if so, the 
Calculation Agent will (i) make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to one or more of any 
variable relevant to the exercise, settlement, payment or other terms of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect 
(provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and (ii) determine the 
effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the 
appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded on 
such options exchange. 
Upon making any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Holders stating the adjustment to any amount payable under the Securities 
and/or any of the other relevant terms and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event, 
provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the Potential 
Adjustment Event or any action taken. 
5 
Consequences of Extraordinary Events for a Share other than a Share that is a share of 
an Exchange Traded Fund

--- Page 462 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
456 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, a Nationalisation, an 
Insolvency or a Delisting has occurred in respect of a Share other than a Share that is a share of 
an Exchange Traded Fund then, on or after the relevant Merger Date, Tender Offer Date or 
Announcement Date, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent may in its discretion either: 
(a) 
(i) 
make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of 
the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the 
economic effect on the Securities of such Merger Event, Tender Offer, 
Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, as the case may be (including 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan 
rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Securities), which may, but need 
not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such 
Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, as the case 
may be, by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded on such 
options exchange; and 
 
determine the effective date of that adjustment (but, in the case of a Tender Offer, 
the Share Issuer and the Share will not change); or  
(b) 
if "Share Substitution" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then 
the Calculation Agent may select a new underlying share (in respect of the relevant 
Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, as the case may 
be, the "Replacement Share"), which Replacement Share will be deemed to be a Share 
in place of the Share which has been replaced by the Calculation Agent following such 
Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, as the case may 
be (and the Share Issuer of the Replacement Share will replace the Share Issuer of the 
replaced Share), and the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment to the exercise, 
settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Securities of the Merger 
Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, as the case may be, and/or 
the replacement of the replaced Share by the Replacement Share (including adjustments 
to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relevant to the Shares or to the Securities). Any Replacement Share will, to the extent 
practicable, be selected from the same industry, have shares denominated in the same 
currency and have a similar market capitalisation to the relevant replaced Share; or 
(c) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under (a) or (if 
applicable) (b) will produce a commercially reasonable result, notify the Issuer and the 
Holders that the relevant consequence shall be the early redemption of the Securities, in 
which case on such date falling on or after the relevant Merger Date, Tender Offer Date 
or Announcement Date, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer shall redeem the Securities for an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as 
defined in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 
1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 
applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption)" 
shall be deleted).  
6 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events  
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, then the 
Calculation Agent shall,  
(a) 
make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the 
Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic 
effect on the Securities of such Additional Disruption Events (including adjustments to 
account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant 
to the Shares or to the Securities); or 
(b) 
determine and give notice to Holders that the Securities shall be redeemed on a date 
determined by the Calculation Agent, in which event the Issuer shall redeem the 
Securities and cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an

--- Page 463 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
457 
 
amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 37.1 
(Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early 
Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the 
event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
7 
Depositary Receipt Provisions 
7.1 
Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specify that the "Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt 
Provisions" shall apply to a Share, then the provisions set out below shall apply, and, in relation 
to such Share, the other provisions of the Share Linked Provisions shall be deemed to be 
amended and modified as set out in this Share Linked Provision 7. 
(a) 
The definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" shall be amended so that it reads as 
follows: 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares and/or 
Underlying Shares (unless resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or 
dividend of any such Shares and/or Underlying Shares to existing holders by way 
of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares and/or 
Underlying Shares of (i) such Shares and/or Underlying Shares, or (ii) other share 
capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds 
of liquidation of the Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, 
equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares and/or 
Underlying Shares, or (iii) share capital or other securities of another issuer 
acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Share Issuer or Underlying 
Shares Issuer, as appropriate, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, 
or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case 
for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
in respect of a Share and/or Underlying Share, an amount per Share and/or 
Underlying Share is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary 
dividend; 
 
a call by the Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, in respect 
of relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares that are not fully paid; 
 
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, or 
any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares whether out 
of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; 
 
in respect of the Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, an event 
that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated 
from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Share 
Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, pursuant to a shareholder 
rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon 
the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, 
debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such 
an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights;  
 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical 
value of the relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares; or

--- Page 464 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
458 
 
 the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of the Deposit 
Agreement, 
provided that an event under (i) to (vii) (inclusive) above in respect of the Underlying 
Shares shall not constitute a Potential Adjustment Event unless, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, such event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical 
value of the Shares." 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that:  
 
an event under (i) to (vii) (inclusive) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment 
Event" has occurred in respect of any Underlying Share, the Calculation Agent 
will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares; or 
 
an event under (viii) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" has 
occurred, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has an economic effect on the Securities;  
and, in each case, the Calculation Agent will make the corresponding adjustment(s), if 
any, to one or more of any variable relevant to the exercise, settlement, payment or other 
terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for 
(x) in respect of an event under (i) to (vii) (inclusive) of the definition of "Potential 
Adjustment Event", that diluting or concentrative effect, and (y) in respect of an event 
under (viii) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event", such economic effect on 
the Securities, as the case may be (provided that no adjustments will be made to account 
solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative 
to the relevant Share) following the Potential Adjustment Event. The Calculation Agent 
may (amongst other factors) have reference to any adjustment made by the Depository 
under the Deposit Agreement.  
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make will produce a 
commercially reasonable result, it shall notify the Issuer and the Holders that the relevant 
consequence shall be the early redemption of the Securities, in which case, on such date 
as selected by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall redeem the Securities upon prior 
notice made to the Holders, and the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect 
of each Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in 
General Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early 
Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the 
words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be 
deleted).  
(c) 
The definitions of "Merger Event" and "Tender Offer" shall be amended in accordance 
with the DR Amendment. 
(d) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Merger Event or Tender Offer has occurred in 
respect of an Underlying Share, then where the Calculation Agent makes an adjustment 
to the Securities in connection with a Merger Event or Tender Offer, the Calculation 
Agent may (amongst other factors) have reference to any adjustment made by the 
Depository under the Deposit Agreement. 
(e) 
The definitions of Nationalisation, Insolvency and Delisting shall be amended in 
accordance with the DR Amendment. 
(f) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of "Delisting", a Delisting 
shall not occur in respect of the Underlying Shares if the Underlying Shares are 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an Acceptable Exchange regardless of 
the location of such Acceptable Exchange.

--- Page 465 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
459 
 
(g) 
The definition of "Announcement Date" shall be amended so that it reads as follows: 
""Announcement Date" means, in respect of (a) a Merger Event, the date of the first 
public announcement of a firm intention to engage in a transaction (whether or not 
subsequently amended) that leads to the Merger Event, (b) a Tender Offer, the date of 
the first public announcement of a firm intention to purchase or otherwise obtain the 
requisite number of voting shares (whether or not subsequently amended) that leads to 
the Tender Offer, (c) in the case of a Nationalisation, the date of the first public 
announcement to nationalise (whether or not subsequently amended) that leads to the 
Nationalisation, (d) in the case of an Insolvency, the date of the first public 
announcement of the institution of a proceeding or presentation of a petition or passing 
of a resolution (or other analogous procedure in any jurisdiction) that leads to the 
Insolvency, (e) in the case of a Delisting, the date of the first public announcement by 
the Exchange that the Shares will cease (or are intended to cease) to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted in the manner described in the definition of Delisting, and (f) in the case 
of a termination of the Deposit Agreement, the date of the first public announcement by 
the Depository that the Deposit Agreement is (or will be) terminated. In respect of any 
event, if the announcement of such event is made after the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on the relevant Exchange, without regard to any after hours or 
any other trading outside of such regular trading session hours, the Announcement Date 
shall be deemed to be the next following Scheduled Trading Day." 
(h) 
The definition of "Insolvency Filing" shall be amended in accordance with the DR 
Amendment. 
(i) 
For the purpose of determining whether a Delisting has occurred in respect of the Share, 
each reference to the "Exchange" shall be deemed to include a reference to the primary 
exchange or quotation system on which the Underlying Shares are traded, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a provision is amended pursuant to this Share Linked 
Provision 7.1 in accordance with the DR Amendment, if the event described in such provision 
occurs in respect of the Underlying Shares or the Underlying Shares Issuer, then the 
consequence of such event shall be interpreted consistently with the DR Amendment and such 
event. 
7.2 
Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specify that the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt 
Provisions" shall apply to a Share, then the provisions set out below shall apply, and, in relation 
to such Share, the other provisions of these Share Linked Provisions shall be deemed to be 
amended and modified as set out in this Share Linked Provision 7.2: 
(a) 
The definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" shall be amended so that it reads as 
follows: 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares and/or 
Underlying Shares (unless resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or 
dividend of any such Shares and/or Underlying Shares to existing holders by way 
of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares and/or 
Underlying Shares of (i) such Shares and/or Underlying Shares, or (ii) other share 
capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds 
of liquidation of the Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, 
equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares and/or 
Underlying Shares, or (iii) share capital or other securities of another issuer 
acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Share Issuer or Underlying 
Shares Issuer, as appropriate, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction,

--- Page 466 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
460 
 
or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case 
for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
in respect of a Share and/or Underlying Share, an amount per Share and/or 
Underlying Share is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary 
dividend; 
 
a call by the Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, in respect 
of relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares that are not fully paid; 
 
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, or 
any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares whether out 
of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; 
 
in respect of the Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, an event 
that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated 
from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Share 
Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as appropriate, pursuant to a shareholder 
rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon 
the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, 
debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such 
an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights;  
 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical 
value of the relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares; or 
 the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of the Deposit 
Agreement, 
provided that an event under (i) to (vii) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" 
in respect of the Underlying Shares shall not constitute a Potential Adjustment Event 
unless, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, such event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares." 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that:  
 
an event under (i) to (vii) (inclusive) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment 
Event" has occurred in respect of any Underlying Share, the Calculation Agent 
will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares; or 
 
an event under (viii) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" has 
occurred, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has an economic effect on the Securities, 
and, in each case, the Calculation Agent will make the corresponding adjustment(s), if 
any, to one or more of any variable relevant to the exercise, settlement, payment or other 
terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for 
(x) in respect of an event under (i) to (vii) (inclusive) of the definition of "Potential 
Adjustment Event", that diluting or concentrative effect, and (y) in respect of an event 
under (viii) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event", such economic effect on 
the Securities, as the case may be (provided that no adjustments will be made to account 
solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative 
to the relevant Share) following the Potential Adjustment Event. The Calculation Agent 
may (amongst other factors) have reference to any adjustment made by the Depository 
under the Deposit Agreement.  
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make will produce a 
commercially reasonable result, it shall notify the Issuer and the Holders that the relevant

--- Page 467 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
461 
 
consequence shall be the early redemption of the Securities, in which case, on such date 
as selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, the Issuer shall redeem the 
Securities upon prior notice made to the Holders, and the Issuer will cause to be paid to 
each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment 
Amount (as defined in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early 
Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early 
Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such 
early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
(c) 
The definitions of "Merger Event" and "Tender Offer" shall be amended in accordance 
with the DR Amendment. 
(d) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Merger Event or Tender Offer has occurred in 
respect of an Underlying Share, then where the Calculation Agent makes an adjustment 
to the Securities in connection with a Merger Event or Tender Offer, the Calculation 
Agent may (amongst other factors) have reference to any adjustment made by the 
Depository under the Deposit Agreement. 
(e) 
The definitions of Nationalisation, Insolvency and Delisting shall be amended in 
accordance with the DR Amendment. 
(f) 
The definition of "Announcement Date" shall be amended so that it reads as follows: 
"Announcement Date" means, in respect of (a) a Merger Event, the date of the first 
public announcement of a firm intention to engage in a transaction (whether or not 
subsequently amended) that leads to the Merger Event, (b) a Tender Offer, the date of 
the first public announcement of a firm intention to purchase or otherwise obtain the 
requisite number of voting shares (whether or not subsequently amended) that leads to 
the Tender Offer, (c) in the case of a Nationalisation, the date of the first public 
announcement to nationalise (whether or not subsequently amended) that leads to the 
Nationalisation, (d) in the case of an Insolvency, the date of the first public 
announcement of the institution of a proceeding or presentation of a petition or passing 
of a resolution (or other analogous procedure in any jurisdiction) that leads to the 
Insolvency, (e) in the case of a Delisting, the date of the first public announcement by 
the Exchange that the Shares will cease (or are intended to cease) to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted in the manner described in the definition of Delisting, and (f) in the case 
of a termination of the Deposit Agreement, the date of the first public announcement by 
the Depository that the Deposit Agreement is (or will be) terminated. In respect of any 
event, if the announcement of such event is made after the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on the relevant Exchange, without regard to any after hours or 
any other trading outside of such regular trading session hours, the Announcement Date 
shall be deemed to be the next following Scheduled Trading Day." 
(g) 
The definition of "Insolvency Filing" shall be amended in accordance with the DR 
Amendment. 
(h) 
For the purpose of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred in 
respect of the Share, the following amendments shall be deemed to be made to the Share 
Linked Provisions: 
 
each reference in the definition of "Exchange Business Day", "Scheduled Closing 
Time", "Scheduled Trading Day", "Trading Disruption", "Exchange Disruption", 
"Early Closure" and "Disrupted Day", to the "Exchange" shall be deemed to 
include a reference to the primary exchange or quotation system on which the 
Underlying Shares are traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
 
the definition of "Market Disruption Event", "Trading Disruption" and "Exchange 
Disruption" shall be amended in accordance with the DR Amendment. 
(i) 
For the purpose of determining whether a Delisting has occurred in respect of the Share, 
each reference to the "Exchange" shall be deemed to include a reference to the primary

--- Page 468 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
462 
 
exchange or quotation system on which the Underlying Shares are traded, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a provision is amended pursuant to this Share Linked 
Provision 7.2 in accordance with the DR Amendment, if the event described in such provision 
occurs in respect of the Underlying Shares or the Underlying Shares Issuer, then the 
consequence of such event shall be interpreted consistently with the DR Amendment and such 
event. 
8 
Consequences of Extraordinary Events in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange 
Traded Fund and a Successor Index Event (ETF)  
8.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred in respect of a 
Share that is a share of an Exchange Traded Fund (the "Affected Exchange Traded Fund") 
then, on or after the Extraordinary Event Date, the following consequences shall apply in the 
following order: 
(a) 
firstly, the Calculation Agent may in its discretion make such adjustment to the exercise, 
settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Securities of such 
Extraordinary Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Securities), which 
may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of 
such Extraordinary Event by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded 
on such options exchange; and determine the effective date of that adjustment (but, in 
the case of a Tender Offer, the Share Issuer and the Share will not change); 
(b) 
secondly, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under 
paragraph (a) above will produce a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation 
Agent shall notify the Issuer and shall select an alternative exchange traded fund which 
is denominated in the same currency and, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
has a similar investment objective as the Affected Exchange Traded Fund to replace the 
Affected Exchange Traded Fund (such replacement exchange traded fund being the 
"Replacement Exchange Traded Fund" in respect of such Affected Exchange Traded 
Fund). If a Replacement Exchange Traded Fund is selected, that Replacement Exchange 
Traded Fund will be substituted for the Shares for all purposes of the Share Linked 
Provision and the Calculation Agent may determine in its sole discretion the appropriate 
date for the substitution of the Shares; 
(c) 
thirdly, if the Calculation Agent is unable to, or does not, for any reason, select a 
Replacement Exchange Traded Fund in respect of an Affected Exchange Traded Fund 
in accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall select (i) an index 
or a basket of indices (and the respective weighting of each index in such basket) which 
is denominated in the same currency as the Affected Exchange Traded Fund and has, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, similar economic characteristics as the 
Affected Exchange Traded Fund (such index shall be, in relation to such Affected 
Exchange Traded Fund, the "Replacement Index", and if a basket of indices is selected, 
such basket shall be referred to as the "Replacement Index Basket" and each index 
comprising the basket shall be referred to as a "component index"), and (ii) the date from 
which such Replacement Index or Replacement Index Basket, as the case may be, shall 
replace the Affected Exchange Traded Fund (in relation to such Affected Exchange 
Traded Fund, the "Index Substitution Date") (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Index Substitution Date may be set by the Calculation Agent such that it falls prior to the 
event which resulted in the substitution, including, without limitation, on or prior to the 
Issue Date), and the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer. Following any such 
selection, the Replacement Index or Replacement Index Basket, as the case may be, shall 
replace the Affected Exchange Traded Fund on the Index Substitution Date and the 
Calculation Agent shall, in its sole and absolute discretion, make such adjustment(s), 
modification(s), substitution(s), calculation(s), determination(s) and/or cancellation(s) 
that it determines in its discretion to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation 
methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms, redemption amount, disruption

--- Page 469 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
463 
 
mechanism or any other terms in respect of the Securities to account for such replacement 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the manner in which the Securities shall be 
redeemed, any amount payable on redemption and/or whether any asset is to be delivered 
(and, if so, the amount thereof) on redemption); or 
(d) 
fourthly, if the Calculation Agent is unable to, or does not, for any reason, select a 
Replacement Index or Replacement Index Basket, as the case may be, in respect of an 
Affected Exchange Traded Fund in accordance with paragraph (c) above, the Calculation 
Agent will notify the Issuer and the Holders that the relevant consequence shall be the 
early redemption of the Securities, in which case on such date falling on or after the 
relevant Extraordinary Event Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Securities for an amount 
equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions), 
provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment 
Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which 
resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
8.2 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify "ETF - Successor Index Event Provision" to be applicable, 
then if the Calculation Agent determines that a Successor Index Event (ETF) has occurred in 
respect of the Underlying Index for a Share that is a share of an Exchange Traded Fund then, on 
or after the date on which the Successor Index Event (ETF) occurs, the Calculation Agent may 
determine that the Underlying Index will be deemed to be Successor Underlying Index and the 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to 
any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms 
of the Securities to account for such successor, provided that, if the Calculation Agent does not 
make such determination, the relevant consequence shall be the early redemption of the 
Securities, in which case the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall be 
redeemed on such date falling on or after the date on which Successor Index Event (ETF) occurs 
and the Issuer shall redeem the Securities for an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as 
defined in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, 
Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the 
words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
9 
Adjustments to Securities linked to Shares in European Currencies 
In respect of any Securities linked to or relating to Shares originally quoted, listed and/or dealt 
as of the Issue Date in a currency of a member state of the European Union that has not adopted 
the single currency in accordance with the EC Treaty, if such Shares are at any time after the 
Issue Date quoted, listed and/or dealt exclusively in euro on the relevant Exchange or, where no 
Exchange is specified, the principal market on which those Shares are traded, then the 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other 
terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to preserve the economic 
terms of the Securities. The Calculation Agent will make any conversion necessary for purposes 
of any such adjustment based on the relevant official conversion rate or at an appropriate mid-
market spot rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent to be prevailing as of the 
Valuation Time, as determined to be appropriate in the discretion of the Calculation Agent. No 
adjustments under this Share Linked Provision 9 will affect the currency denomination of any 
payment obligation arising out of the Securities. 
10 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Securities 
to which the Share Linked Provisions apply: 
"Additional Disruption Events" means (a) a Change in Law, and (b) if Hedging Disruption 
and/or Insolvency Filing is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable, a Hedging 
Disruption and/or Insolvency Filing (as the case may be) (each, an "Additional Disruption 
Event"). 
"Announcement Date" means, in respect of (a) a Merger Event, the date of the first public 
announcement of a firm intention to engage in a transaction (whether or not subsequently 
amended) that leads to the Merger Event, (b) a Tender Offer, the date of the first public

--- Page 470 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
464 
 
announcement of a firm intention to purchase or otherwise obtain the requisite number of voting 
shares (whether or not subsequently amended) that leads to the Tender Offer, (c) in the case of 
a Nationalisation, the date of the first public announcement to nationalise (whether or not 
subsequently amended) that leads to the Nationalisation, (d) in the case of an Insolvency, the 
date of the first public announcement of the institution of a proceeding or presentation of a 
petition or passing of a resolution (or other analogous procedure in any jurisdiction) that leads 
to the Insolvency, (e) in the case of a Delisting, the date of the first public announcement by the 
Exchange that the Shares will cease (or are intended to cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted in the manner described in the definition of Delisting, (f) in respect of a Share that is a 
share of an Exchange Traded Fund and a NAV Publication Suspension (ETF), the date of the 
first public announcement of such NAV Publication Suspension (ETF), or, if there is no such 
announcement, the date of the first occurrence of such NAV Publication Suspension (ETF), (g) 
in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange Traded Fund and an Underlying Index 
Cancellation (ETF), the date of the first public announcement of such Underlying Index 
Cancellation (ETF), or, if there is no such announcement, the date of the first occurrence of such 
Underlying Index Cancellation (ETF), and (h) in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange 
Traded Fund and an Underlying Index Modification (ETF), the date of the first public 
announcement of such Underlying Index Modification (ETF), or, if there is no such 
announcement, the date of the first occurrence of such Underlying Index Modification (ETF). 
In respect of any event, if the announcement of such event is made after the actual closing time 
for the regular trading session on the relevant Exchange, without regard to any after hours or 
any other trading outside of such regular trading session hours, the Announcement Date shall 
be deemed to be the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Share and an Initial Valuation Date, a Coupon 
Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable), each date 
specified as such or otherwise determined as provided in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, 
in respect of such Initial Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or Valuation Date (as applicable), or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect 
of the Share, the next following Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Share. 
For the avoidance of doubt, references to Averaging Date or Averaging Dates shall be deemed 
to refer to Averaging Date or Averaging Dates in respect of the relevant Initial Valuation Date, 
Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable) 
and shall not include Averaging Dates in respect of any other Initial Valuation Date, Coupon 
Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date of the Securities (a) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), 
or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines that (x) it has, or it 
will, within the next 15 calendar days but on or prior to the Maturity Date, Redemption Date or 
Settlement Date, as is applicable to the Securities, become illegal for any of the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor and/or any of their respective affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of Shares, or 
(y) (if "Change in Law – Increased Cost" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
in relation to the Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Clearance System" means, in respect of a Share, the principal domestic clearance system 
customarily used for settling trades in the relevant Share. If the Clearance System ceases to 
settle trades in such Share, the Clearance System will be determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a Clearance System and a Share, any 
day on which such Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Share Settlement 
Disruption Event, would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement 
instructions. 
"Closing Share Price" means, on any day in respect of a Share, the official closing price of 
such Share on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, or if there is no

--- Page 471 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
465 
 
official closing price, the mid-market price per such Share on the Exchange at the Valuation 
Time on such day, all as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Share 
Linked Provisions. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a Share, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
"Delisting" means that, in respect of any relevant Shares, the Exchange under its rules and for 
any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) ceases (or announces an intention to 
cease) the admission to listing and/or trading and/or the public quotation of the Shares on the 
Exchange (for the avoidance of doubt, the indefinite suspension of admission to trading and/or 
listing and/or public quotation constitutes cessation for this purpose) and such Shares are not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the 
same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any 
member state of the European Union) provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
there is reasonably comparable liquidity on that exchange or quotation system relative to the 
liquidity that existed on the Exchange (such exchange or quotation system, an "Acceptable 
Exchange") or such other exchange(s) as are specified as "Re-listing Exchange(s)" in the 
relevant Issue Terms (or its or their successors as determined by the Calculation Agent). For the 
avoidance of doubt, an Acceptable Exchange or Re-listing Exchange(s) shall exclude any listing 
service for shares traded over-the-counter. 
"Deposit Agreement" means, in relation to the Shares, the agreements or other instruments 
constituting the Shares, as from time to time amended or supplemented in accordance with their 
terms. 
"Depository" means, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that the "Partial Lookthrough 
Depositary Receipt Provisions" or the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall 
apply to a Share, the Share Issuer of the Shares. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"DR Amendment" means, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that: 
(a) 
the "Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall apply to a Share, in 
respect of the definitions of "Merger Event", "Tender Offer", "Nationalisation", 
"Insolvency", "Delisting" and "Insolvency Filing", that the following changes shall be 
made to such definition or provision: (i) all references to "Shares" shall be deleted and 
replaced with the words "Shares and/or the Underlying Shares"; and (ii) all references to 
"Share Issuer" shall be deleted and replaced with the words "Share Issuer or Underlying 
Shares Issuer, as appropriate". 
(b) 
the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall apply to a Share, in respect 
of the definitions of "Merger Event", "Tender Offer", "Nationalisation", "Insolvency", 
"Delisting", "Insolvency Filing", "Market Disruption Event", "Trading Disruption" and 
"Exchange Disruption" that the following changes shall be made to such definition or 
provision: (i) all references to "Shares" shall be deleted and replaced with the words 
"Shares and/or the Underlying Shares"; and (ii) all references to "Share Issuer" shall be 
deleted and replaced with the words "Share Issuer or Underlying Shares Issuer, as 
appropriate". 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of a Share, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of 
the relevant Exchange relating to such Share or any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange or Related 
Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time 
for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on 
such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into such

--- Page 472 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
466 
 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution as at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms for such Share, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Share has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Share on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Share are open for trading 
during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Shares on 
the Exchange, or (b) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Exchange Traded Fund" means an exchange traded fund specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms, and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Extraordinary Events" means a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, a Nationalisation, an 
Insolvency or a Delisting and:  
(a) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that the "Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt 
Provisions" or the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall apply to a 
Share, then "Extraordinary Events" also means the announcement by the Depository that 
the Deposit Agreement is (or will be) terminated;  
(b) 
in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange Traded Fund only, if the relevant 
Issue Terms specify:  
 
"Extraordinary Events – NAV Publication Suspension (ETF)" to be 
applicable, then "Extraordinary Events" also means a NAV Publication 
Suspension (ETF);  
 
"Extraordinary Events – Underlying Index Cancellation (ETF)" to be applicable, 
then "Extraordinary Events" also means an Underlying Index Cancellation (ETF); 
 
"Extraordinary Events – Underlying Index Modification (ETF)" to be 
applicable, then "Extraordinary Events" also means an Underlying Index 
Modification (ETF),  
each, an "Extraordinary Event". 
"Extraordinary Event Date" means, in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange Traded 
Fund and an Extraordinary Event, the earliest to occur of the relevant Merger Date, Tender Offer 
Date or Announcement Date, as is applicable to such Extraordinary Event, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Fallback Valuation Date" means, in respect of any Share, the date(s) specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms for any date specified in the relevant Issue Terms on which the price of 
such Share is required to be determined, or, if "Default Fallback Valuation Date" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, then the Fallback Valuation Date for any date on which the price of 
such Share is required to be determined shall be the second Business Day prior to the next 
following date upon which any payment or delivery of assets may have to be made by the Issuer 
by reference to the price of such Share on such day.

--- Page 473 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
467 
 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing 
and the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to or in connection with the relevant 
Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Initial Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a Share, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Share Issuer 
(a) all the Shares of that Share Issuer are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or 
other similar official or (b) holders of the Shares of that Share Issuer become legally prohibited 
from transferring them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means that the Share Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a 
regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of 
its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such 
regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that 
proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share 
Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (a) a 
Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time, (c) an Early Closure, or (d) in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange Traded 
Fund only and, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Market Disruption Event - NAV 
Temporary Publication Suspension (ETF)" to be applicable, then "Market Disruption 
Event" also means a NAV Temporary Publication Suspension (ETF). 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight Scheduled Trading Days or such other number 
of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (a) reclassification or change of 
such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such 
Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of the Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange ins which such Share Issuer is 
the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such 
Shares outstanding), (c) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the 
outstanding Shares of the Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or 
person), or (d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share 
Issuer or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding 
but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding Shares immediately following such event (a "Reverse Merger"), in each case if the 
Merger Date is on or before the final Reference Date or Averaging Date, as is applicable 
(provided that in relation to Warrants settled by Issuer Physical Settlement, the Expiration Date 
shall be deemed to be the final Reference Date).

--- Page 474 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
468 
 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of a Share Issuer 
are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"NAV Publication Suspension (ETF)" means that, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the management company of the Exchange Traded Fund, or any other entity who has 
been delegated the responsibility to publish the net asset value of each Share, has failed to or 
will fail to, or has not published or will not publish, the net asset value of each Share, and such 
failure to publish or non-publication will, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, have a material effect on the Securities and will be for more than a 
short period of time and/or will not be of a temporary nature.  
"NAV Temporary Publication Suspension (ETF)" means that, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the management company of the Exchange Traded Fund, or any other entity 
who has been delegated the responsibility to publish the net asset value of each Share, fails to 
or does not publish, the net asset value of each Share, and such failure to publish or non-
publication will, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, have a material effect on the Securities.  
"Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Share and an Observation Period, (i) each Scheduled Trading Day 
which is not a Disrupted Day for such Share falling in the Observation Period, and (ii) each 
Specified Observation Date (Closing Valuation). Where "Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation)" means, in respect of a Share and if specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, notwithstanding 
that such day may not be a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for such Share. 
"Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Share and an Observation Period, (i) each day falling in the 
Observation Period on which such Share is traded on the relevant Exchange, regardless of 
whether such day is a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for such Share, and (ii) each 
Specified Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation). Where "Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation)" means, in respect of a Share and if specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, notwithstanding 
that such day may not be a day on which such Share is traded on the relevant Exchange. 
"Observation Period" means an Averaging Observation Period, an Initial Observation Period, 
a Barrier Observation Period, a Barrier Performance Observation Period, a Coupon Observation 
Period, a Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period, a Knock-In Observation 
Period, a Knock-In Performance Observation Period, a Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation 
Period or an Observation Period (Drop Back) (each as defined in the Payout Conditions), as the 
case may be. 
"Periodic Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a Share, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day.  
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless resulting in a 
Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders 
by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (i) such 
Shares, or (ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or proportionately with 
such payments to holders of such Shares, or (iii) share capital or other securities of 
another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Share Issuer as a result 
of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or 
warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less 
than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 475 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
469 
 
(c) 
in respect of a Share, an amount per Share is determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
an extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a call by the Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares whether out 
of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities 
or otherwise; 
(f) 
in respect of the Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being 
distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the 
capital stock of the Share Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement 
directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for 
a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price 
below their market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any 
adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption 
of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value 
of the relevant Shares. 
"Reference Date" means each Initial Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Periodic 
Valuation Date, Valuation Date or Specified Observation Date, in each case, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Share Linked Provisions. 
"Related Exchange" means, in respect of any Share, each exchange or quotation system, if any, 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options 
contracts relating to the Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent 
has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts 
relating to the Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Related Exchange), provided, however, that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the 
Related Exchange, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to the Share. 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Share and in respect of an Exchange or 
Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours 
or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Coupon Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of 
an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Initial Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Initial Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Periodic Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of 
an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Periodic Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Reference Date" means each Scheduled Initial Valuation Date, Scheduled Coupon 
Valuation Date, Scheduled Periodic Valuation Date, Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled 
Specified Observation Date. 
"Scheduled Specified Observation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence 
of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Specified Observation Date.

--- Page 476 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
470 
 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share, any day on which each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange for the Share are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective 
regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Cycle" means the period of Clearance System Business Days following a trade in 
the Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of 
such Exchange. 
"Share" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Share Linked Provisions, the share 
or shares specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly, and, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that a Share is a "Share of Exchange 
Traded Fund", the Share specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms shall be a share of an 
Exchange Traded Fund. 
"Share Issuer" means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of such Share. 
"Share Price" means, in respect of a Share and any relevant time on any relevant day, the price 
at which such Share trades on the relevant Exchange at such time on such day, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. If "Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Closing Share Price of a Share on or in respect of 
any relevant day shall be deemed to be a Share Price in respect of an Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation) for such Share falling on such relevant day. 
"Share Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, an event that the 
Calculation Agent determines is beyond the control of the Issuer and/or its affiliates as a result 
of which the relevant Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of such Share. 
"Share Strike Price" means, in respect of a Share and any relevant day, the relevant price of 
the Share on or in respect of such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Specified Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a Share, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Successor Index Event (ETF)" means, in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange 
Traded Fund, the Underlying Index for such Exchange Traded Fund is (i) not calculated and 
announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and announced by a successor sponsor 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor index (a "Successor 
Underlying Index") using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of such 
Underlying Index. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than ten per cent. 
and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Share Issuer, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory 
agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in 
the amount of the applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of, or limitation imposed 
on, trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise, and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise, (a) relating to the Share on the relevant Exchange or (b) in futures or 
options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related Exchange.

--- Page 477 ---
Share Linked Provisions 
 
471 
 
"Underlying Index" means, in respect of a Share that is a share of an Exchange Traded Fund, 
the index underlying such Exchange Traded Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Underlying Index Cancellation (ETF)" means, in respect of a Share that is a share of an 
Exchange Traded Fund, the Underlying Index for such Exchange Traded Fund is permanently 
cancelled and no Successor Underlying Index (as defined in the definition of "Successor Index 
Event (ETF)" above) exists as at the date of such cancellation, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Underlying Index Modification (ETF)" means, in respect of a Share that is a share of an 
Exchange Traded Fund, and the Underlying Index for such Exchange Traded Fund, the relevant 
Underlying Index sponsor making or announcing that it will make a material change in the 
formula for, or the method of, calculating the relevant Underlying Index, or in any other way 
materially modifies such Underlying Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Underlying Shares" means the shares or other securities which are the subject of the Deposit 
Agreement. 
"Underlying Shares Issuer" means the issuer of the Underlying Shares. 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Share 
and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a Share, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day. 
"Valuation Time" means the time in the place specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no 
such time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant 
day in relation to each Share to be valued. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular 
trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time.

--- Page 478 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
 
472 
 
INDEX LINKED PROVISIONS 
 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days ........................................................................................... 472 
 
1.1 
Single Index and Reference Dates .............................................................................. 472 
 
1.2 
Single Index and Averaging Dates .............................................................................. 472 
 
1.3 
Index Basket and Reference Dates .............................................................................. 474 
 
1.4 
Index Basket and Averaging Dates ............................................................................. 474 
 
1.5 
Formula for and method of calculating an Index level after the Maximum Days of 
Disruption ................................................................................................................... 476 
2. 
Fallback Valuation Date ......................................................................................................... 476 
3. 
Correction of Index levels ...................................................................................................... 477 
4. 
Consequences of Successors and Index Adjustment Events .................................................. 477 
 
4.1 
Consequences of a Successor Index Sponsor or a Successor Index ............................ 477 
 
4.2 
Consequences of an Index Adjustment Event ............................................................. 477 
5. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events ..................................................................... 478 
6. 
Index Disclaimer .................................................................................................................... 478 
7. 
Non-compliant Fallbacks ....................................................................................................... 479 
8. 
Definitions .............................................................................................................................. 479 
 
These Index Linked Provisions shall apply to Securities for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
the Index Linked Provisions are applicable. 
1 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Index and Reference Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a single Index (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision 
shall apply to one or more particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such 
Reference Dates only), and if the Calculation Agent determines that any Reference Date is a 
Disrupted Day, then the Reference Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day in 
respect of the Index that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days in respect 
of the Index equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index shall be deemed to 
be the Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on 
or in respect of that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index in 
accordance with Index Linked Provision 1.5 (Formula for and method of calculating an 
Index level after the Maximum Days of Disruption), and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (b) shall be deemed to be the Closing Index 
Level in respect of the Reference Date. 
1.2 
Single Index and Averaging Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a single Index, and if the Calculation Agent determines that any 
Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, in the relevant Issue Terms the consequence specified 
is:

--- Page 479 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
 
473 
 
(a) 
"Omission", then the Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging 
Date, provided that, if through the operation of this provision there would be no 
Averaging Dates then the sole Averaging Date for the Index shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index following the final Scheduled Averaging 
Date that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation 
Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days in respect of the 
Index equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following such 
final Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index shall be 
deemed to be the sole Averaging Date for the Index, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation 
Time on or in respect of that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect 
of the Index in accordance with Index Linked Provision 1.5 (Formula for and 
method of calculating an Index level after the Maximum Days of Disruption), and 
such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall 
be deemed to be the Closing Index Level in respect of the sole Averaging Date; 
(b) 
"Postponement", then the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of the Index following the Scheduled Averaging Date that the 
Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day (irrespective of whether that 
deferred Averaging Date is already or is deemed to be another Averaging Date), unless 
the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
in respect of the Index equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index is already or is deemed to be 
another Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day); and 
 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation 
Time on or in respect of that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect 
of the Index in accordance with Index Linked Provision 1.5 (Formula for and 
method of calculating an Index level after the Maximum Days of Disruption), and 
such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall 
be deemed to be the Closing Index Level in respect of the relevant Averaging 
Date; or 
(c) 
"Modified Postponement", then the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid 
Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the 
last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the final Scheduled Averaging 
Date, then: 
 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index is already or is deemed to be 
another Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day); and 
 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation 
Time on or in respect of that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect 
of the Index in accordance with Index Linked Provision 1.5 (Formula for and 
method of calculating an Index level after the Maximum Days of Disruption), and 
such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall 
be deemed to be the Closing Index Level in respect of the relevant Averaging 
Date.

--- Page 480 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
 
474 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, if in the 
relevant Issue Terms no consequence is specified, then it shall be deemed that the consequence 
specified in "Modified Postponement" will apply. 
1.3 
Index Basket and Reference Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Indices (and if the Issue Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to one or more particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply 
to such Reference Dates only), and if the Calculation Agent determines that any Reference Date 
is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
the Reference Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is not affected 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Reference Date; and 
(b) 
the Reference Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is affected 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day in respect of such Index that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted 
Day relating to that Index, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days in respect of such Index equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Reference Date is 
a Disrupted Day relating to that Index. In that case: 
 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index shall be 
deemed to be the Reference Date for the Index, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day; and 
 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of such Index as of the Valuation 
Time on or in respect of that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect 
of such Index in accordance with Index Linked Provision 1.5 (Formula for and 
method of calculating an Index level after the Maximum Days of Disruption), and 
such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall 
be deemed to be the relevant Closing Index Level in respect of the Reference 
Date. 
1.4 
Index Basket and Averaging Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Indices, and if the Calculation Agent determines that 
any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, in the relevant Issue Terms the consequence 
specified is: 
(a) 
"Omission", then: 
 
the Averaging Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Averaging 
Date; and 
 
the Averaging Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day will be deemed not to be an 
Averaging Date for such Index, provided that, if through the operation of this 
provision there would be no Averaging Dates for such Index, then the sole 
Averaging Date for such Index which the Calculation Agent determines is 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index following the final Scheduled 
Averaging Date that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day 
relating to such Index, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days in respect of such Index equal in number to 
the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the final Scheduled 
Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day relating to that Index. In that case: 
(A) 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index shall 
be deemed to be the sole Averaging Date for such Index, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and

--- Page 481 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
 
475 
 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of such Index as of the 
Valuation Time on or in respect of that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day in respect of such Index in accordance with Index Linked Provision 
1.5 (Formula for and method of calculating an Index level after the 
Maximum Days of Disruption), and such determination by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Closing Index Level in respect of the sole Averaging Date; 
(b) 
"Postponement", then: 
 
the Averaging Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Averaging 
Date; and 
 
the Averaging Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index following the Scheduled 
Averaging Date that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day 
relating to that Index (irrespective of whether that deferred Averaging Date is or 
is deemed to be another Averaging Date), unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days in respect of 
such Index equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day relating to such 
Index. In that case: 
(A) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index shall 
be deemed to be such Averaging Date for the Index (irrespective of 
whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such 
Index is already or is deemed to be another Averaging Date or is a 
Disrupted Day); and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of such Index as of the 
Valuation Time on or in respect of that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day in respect of such Index in accordance with Index Linked Provision 
1.5 (Formula for and method of calculating an Index level after the 
Maximum Days of Disruption), and such determination by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Closing Index Level in respect of the relevant Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
 
the Averaging Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Averaging 
Date; and 
 
the Averaging Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Valid 
Date relating to such Index. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as 
of the relevant Valuation Time on the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
respect of such Index equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the final Scheduled Averaging Date: 
(A) 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index shall 
be deemed to be the Averaging Date for such Index (irrespective of 
whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such 
Index is already or is deemed to be another Averaging Date or is a 
Disrupted Day); and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level of such Index as 
of the Valuation Time on or in respect of that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of such Index in accordance with Index Linked

--- Page 482 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
 
476 
 
Provision 1.5 (Formula for and method of calculating an Index level after 
the Maximum Days of Disruption), and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be the 
relevant Closing Index Level in respect of the relevant Averaging Date. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, if 
in the relevant Issue Terms no consequence is specified, then it shall be deemed that the 
consequence specified in "Modified Postponement" will apply. 
1.5 
Formula for and method of calculating an Index level after the Maximum Days of 
Disruption 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the relevant Valuation Time 
on or in respect of the relevant last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, pursuant to Index 
Linked Provisions 1.1(b), 1.2(a)(ii), 1.2(b)(ii), 1.2(c)(ii), 1.3(b)(ii), 1.4(a)(ii)(B), 1.4(b)(ii)(B) 
and 1.4(c)(ii)(B), in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the relevant first Disrupted Day, using the Exchange traded or 
quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each 
Component comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Share Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of any relevant Component that is a Share (or an analogous event has 
occurred in respect of any relevant Component that is not a Share) on such last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day for any relevant Component, or such last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any relevant Component, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component as of the 
Valuation Time on the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day). 
2 
Fallback Valuation Date 
Notwithstanding any other terms of the Index Linked Provisions, if a Fallback Valuation Date 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable to any Reference Date or Averaging 
Date (any such date being, a "Relevant Date"), and if: 
(a) 
following adjustment of the original date on which such Relevant Date is scheduled to 
fall pursuant to adjustment of the Relevant Date pursuant to either or both of (i) Index 
Linked Provision 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) or (ii) Index Linked Provision 8 
(Definitions), the Relevant Date in respect of an Index would otherwise fall after the 
Fallback Valuation Date in respect of the Index; or 
(b) 
the Maximum Days of Disruption for the Relevant Date is specified to be "Zero" or 
"None", 
then the Fallback Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the Relevant Date for the Index. If the 
Fallback Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day relating to that 
Index, as the case may be, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Closing Index Level 
as of the Valuation Time on the Fallback Valuation Date in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first day that is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day, using the Exchange traded or quoted price as 
of the Valuation Time on the Fallback Valuation Date of each Component comprised in the 
Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Share Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of any relevant 
Component that is a Share (or an analogous event has occurred in respect of any relevant 
Component that is not a Share) on such Fallback Valuation Date or such Fallback Valuation 
Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any relevant Component, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on the Fallback Valuation Date), and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this Index Linked Provision 2 shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Closing Index Level in respect of the Relevant Date.

--- Page 483 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
 
477 
 
3 
Correction of Index levels 
In the event that any relevant level of an Index published by the Index Sponsor on any date 
which is utilised for any calculation or determination in connection with the Securities is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the Index Sponsor: 
(a) 
by the second Business Day prior to the next date on which any relevant payment may 
have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant determination in respect 
of the Securities may have to be made; or 
(b) 
if earlier, one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, 
then the Calculation Agent may determine the amount that is payable or make any determination 
in connection with the Securities, after taking into account such correction, and, to the extent 
necessary, may adjust any relevant terms of the Securities to account for such correction. 
Upon making any such determination or adjustment, as applicable, to account for such 
correction, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders stating 
the determination or adjustment, as applicable, to any amount payable under the Securities 
and/or any of the other relevant terms and giving brief details of the determination or adjustment, 
as applicable, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the 
determination or adjustment, as applicable, such correction or any action taken. 
4 
Consequences of Successors and Index Adjustment Events 
4.1 
Consequences of a Successor Index Sponsor or a Successor Index 
If an Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent (a "Successor Index 
Sponsor") or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of such Index, then in each case such index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed 
to be the Index.  
The Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, 
to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other 
terms of the Securities to account for such successor. 
Upon making any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Holders stating the adjustment to any variable, calculation methodology, 
valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the Securities and/or any of the other 
relevant terms and giving brief details of the adjustment provided that any failure to give such 
notice shall not affect the validity of the adjustment or any action taken. 
4.2 
Consequences of an Index Adjustment Event 
If an Index Adjustment Event has occurred in respect of the Securities, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Securities and, if so, shall calculate the relevant level of the Index using, 
in lieu of a published level for such Index, the level for such Index as at or in respect of the 
relevant Reference Date, Averaging Date or any other relevant date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula for and method of calculating such Index last in effect prior to the relevant 
Index Adjustment Event, but using only those Components that comprised such Index 
immediately prior to such Index Adjustment Event. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not reasonably practicable (taking into account the 
costs involved) to calculate or continue to calculate the Index pursuant to the preceding 
paragraph, the Calculation Agent may rebase the Securities against another index or basket of 
indices, as applicable, determined by the Calculation Agent to be comparable to the relevant 
Index, and, following such rebasing, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment(s) that it

--- Page 484 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
 
478 
 
determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the Securities to account for such rebasing. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that there is not such an index or basket of indices 
comparable to the relevant Index, and/or that application of the preceding paragraphs would not 
achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the 
Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in 
respect of each Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined 
in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early 
Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words 
"(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
On making any such adjustment(s) or determination(s), the Calculation Agent shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Holders stating the adjustment to any amount payable under the 
Securities, the determination and/or any of the other relevant terms and giving brief details of 
the Index Adjustment Event, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the 
validity of the Index Adjustment Event or any action taken. 
5 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the 
Calculation Agent may, in its discretion: 
(a) 
determine to make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other 
terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for 
such Additional Disruption Event; and/or 
(b) 
determine and give notice to Holders that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which 
event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by 
it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 37.1 
(Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early 
Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the 
event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
6 
Index Disclaimer 
The Securities are not sponsored, endorsed, sold, or promoted by the Index or the Index Sponsor 
and no Index Sponsor makes any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either 
as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which the Index 
stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. No Index or Index Sponsor 
shall be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index and 
the Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. No Index 
Sponsor is making any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the 
advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with the Securities. The Issuer 
and the Guarantor (if applicable) shall have no liability to the Holders for any act or failure to 
act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment, or maintenance of the 
Index. Except as may be disclosed prior to the Issue Date and specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation Agent or any of their 
respective affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index Sponsor or any 
control over the computation, composition, or dissemination of the Index. Although the 
Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the Index from publicly available sources 
it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty, or undertaking (express or implied) is made and no responsibility is 
accepted by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), their affiliates, or the Calculation Agent as 
to the accuracy, completeness, and timeliness of information concerning the Index. In addition, 
no representation or warranty of any type, as to condition, satisfactory quality, performance or 
fitness for purpose are given, or duty or liability is assumed, by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable), their affiliates, or the Calculation Agent in respect of the Index or any data included 
in or omissions from the Index, or the use of the Index in connection with the Securities and all 
those representations and warranties are excluded, save to the extent that such exclusion is 
prohibited by law.

--- Page 485 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
 
479 
 
7 
Non-compliant Fallbacks 
Notwithstanding anything else in these Index Linked Provisions, if, in respect of the Securities, 
it (a) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation or (b) would 
contravene any applicable licensing requirements, in each case, for the Calculation Agent to 
determine the level of the Index or make any other determination in respect of the Securities 
which it would otherwise be obliged to do so under these Index Linked Provisions (or it would 
be unlawful or would contravene those licensing requirements were a determination to be made 
at such time), then (where no other applicable provision in these Index Linked Provisions results 
in such determination being made) the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall 
be redeemed, in which event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each 
Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General 
Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 
2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the 
event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
8 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Securities 
to which the Index Linked Provisions apply: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (a) a Change in Law, and, (b) if Hedging Disruption is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable, a Hedging Disruption. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" has the meaning given in General Condition 37.1 
(Definitions). 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of an Index and an Initial Valuation Date, Coupon 
Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable), each date 
specified as such or otherwise determined as provided in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, 
in respect of such Initial Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or Valuation Date (as applicable), or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect 
of the Index, the next following Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index. 
For the avoidance of doubt, references to Averaging Date or Averaging Dates shall be deemed 
to refer to Averaging Date or Averaging Dates in respect of the relevant Initial Valuation Date, 
Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable) 
and shall not include Averaging Dates in respect of any other Initial Valuation Date, Coupon 
Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date of the Securities (a) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), 
or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines that (x) it has, or it 
will, within the next 15 calendar days but on or prior to the Maturity Date, Redemption Date or 
Settlement Date, as is applicable to the Securities, become illegal for any of the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor and/or any of their respective affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of Components, 
or (y) (if "Change in Law – Increased Cost" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
in relation to the Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Index Level" means, on any day in respect of an Index, the official closing level of 
such Index as of the Valuation Time on or in respect of the relevant day as calculated and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor or as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent 
subject as provided in the Index Linked Provisions.  
"Component" means, in respect of an Index, any share, security, commodity, rate, index or 
other component included in such Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 486 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
 
480 
 
"Component Clearance System" means, in respect of a Component of an Index, the principal 
domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades in the relevant Component. If the 
Clearance System ceases to settle trades in such Component, the Clearance System will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Component Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a Component Clearance 
System, any day on which such Component Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of 
an Index Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for the acceptance and execution 
of settlement instructions. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of an Index, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
"Disrupted Day" means, either:  
(a) 
for any Unitary Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) a relevant Exchange or 
any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (ii) a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred; and 
(b) 
for any Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index 
Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index (provided that the Calculation Agent may, 
in its discretion, determine that such event instead results in the occurrence of an Index 
Disruption), (ii) any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading 
session or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means:  
(a) 
for any Unitary Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant 
Exchange relating to Components that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the 
relevant Index or any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on 
such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange 
system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; and  
(b) 
for any Multi-Exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any 
relevant Exchange relating to any Component or any Related Exchange prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time, unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange or Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange on 
such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation 
Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means:  
(a) 
for any Unitary Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms for the Index, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Components 
underlying the Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the Components underlying the 
Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange);  
(b) 
for any Multi-Exchange Index and any Component underlying the Index, the principal 
stock exchange on which such Component of the Index is, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, principally traded; and 
(c) 
for any Component which is a Share, the principal stock exchange on which such 
Component share is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, principally traded.

--- Page 487 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
 
481 
 
"Exchange Business Day" means:  
(a) 
for any Unitary Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange for the Index are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange for the Index 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; and 
(b) 
for any Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index 
Sponsor calculates and publishes the level of the Index and (ii) the Related Exchange for 
the Index is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding the 
Related Exchange for the Index closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means:  
(a) 
for any Unitary Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the ability of market participants in general to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, (i) the Components on any relevant 
Exchange(s) that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index or (ii) futures or 
options contracts relating to the Index on any relevant Related Exchange; and 
(b) 
for any Multi-Exchange Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, (i) any Component on the 
relevant Exchange in respect of such Component or (ii) futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index on the relevant Related Exchange. 
"Fallback Valuation Date" means, in respect of any Index, the date(s) specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms for any date specified in the relevant Issue Terms on which the level of the 
Index is required to be determined, or, if "Default Fallback Valuation Date" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, then the Fallback Valuation Date for any date on which the level of the 
Index is required to be determined shall be the second Business Day prior to the next following 
date upon which any payment or delivery of assets may have to be made by the Issuer by 
reference to the level of the Index on such day. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing 
and the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to or in connection with the relevant 
Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Index Linked 
Provisions, the index or indices specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. The Index or Indices will not include an index or 
indices composed by the Issuer or any legal entity belonging to the group of the Issuer. 
"Index Adjustment Event" means an Index Cancellation, an Index Disruption, an Index 
Modification or an Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
"Index Cancellation" means the occurrence of the relevant Index Sponsor or Successor Index 
Sponsor, as applicable, on or prior to any Reference Date, Averaging Date or any other relevant 
date, permanently cancelling a relevant Index and no Successor Index existing as at the date of 
such cancellation, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Index Disruption" means the occurrence of the relevant Index Sponsor or Successor Index 
Sponsor, as applicable, on any Reference Date, Averaging Date or any other relevant date, 
failing to calculate and announce a relevant Index level, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that, in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index, the Calculation Agent may, in its 
discretion, determine that such event instead results in the occurrence of a Disrupted Day. 
"Index Level" means, in respect of an Index and any relevant time on any relevant day, the 
official level of such Index at such time on or in respect of such day, as published by the Index 
Sponsor, as determined by the Calculation Agent. If "Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)"

--- Page 488 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
 
482 
 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Closing Index Level of an Index on 
or in respect of any relevant day shall be deemed to be an Index Level in respect of an 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) for such Index falling on such relevant day. 
"Index Modification" means the occurrence of the relevant Index Sponsor or Successor Index 
Sponsor, as applicable, on or prior to any Reference Date, Averaging Date or any other relevant 
date, making or announcing that it will make a material change in the formula for, or the method 
of, calculating a relevant Index, or in any other way materially modifying such Index (other than 
a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain such Index in the event of 
changes in the Components, capitalisation and/or other routine events), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Index Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Component of an Index, an event 
that the Calculation Agent determines is beyond the control of the Issuer and/or its affiliates as 
a result of which the relevant Component Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of such 
Component. 
"Index Sponsor" means, for any Index: 
(a) 
the entity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; or  
(b) 
if no entity is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the corporation or other entity that, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules 
and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such 
Index,  
and includes any corporation or other entity appointed by such entity, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, that is responsible for announcing (directly or through an agent) the level of 
such Index on a regular basis in respect of each Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Index Strike Level" means, in respect of an Index and any relevant day, the relevant level of 
the Index on or in respect of such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Initial Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of an Index, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of the Index. 
"Market Disruption Event" means:  
(a) 
for any Unitary Index, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, 
at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) 
an Early Closure.  
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of a 
Unitary Index exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
Component included in the Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution 
of such Component to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the 
portion of the level of the Index attributable to such Component and (y) the overall level 
of the Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption 
Event; and 
(b) 
for any Multi-Exchange Index, either: 
 
(A) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component, of: 
(a) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect 
of the Exchange on which such Component is principally traded;

--- Page 489 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
 
483 
 
(b) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material at any time during the 
one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect 
of the Exchange on which such Component is principally traded; 
or 
(c) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component; and 
(B) 
the aggregate of all Components in respect of which a Trading Disruption, 
an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists comprises 20 
per cent. or more of the level of such Multi-Exchange Index; or 
 
the occurrence or existence, in each case in respect of futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index, of (A) a Trading Disruption or (B) an Exchange Disruption, 
which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one-hour period that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of the 
Related Exchange, or (C) an Early Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of a Multi-
Exchange Index exists at any time, if an Early Closure, an Exchange Disruption, or a 
Trading Disruption occurs in respect of a Component at that time, then the relevant 
percentage contribution of such Component to the level of the Index shall be based on a 
comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to that Component 
and (y) the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of 
such Market Disruption Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight Scheduled Trading Days or such other number 
of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Multi-Exchange Index" means any Index which is specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, or, if not specified, any Index the Calculation Agent determines as such. 
"Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of an Index and an Observation Period, (i) each Scheduled Trading Day 
which is not a Disrupted Day for such Index falling in the Observation Period and (ii) each 
Specified Observation Date (Closing Valuation). Where "Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation)" means, in respect of an Index and if specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, notwithstanding 
that such day may not be a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for such Index. 
"Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of an Index and an Observation Period, (i) each day falling in the 
Observation Period on which the Index Sponsor publishes one or more official levels for such 
Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent, regardless of whether such day is a Scheduled 
Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for such Index, and (ii) each Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation). Where "Specified Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, 
in respect of an Index and if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, notwithstanding that such day may not be a day 
on which the Index Sponsor publishes any official level for such Index. 
"Observation Period" means an Averaging Observation Period, an Initial Observation Period, 
a Barrier Observation Period, a Barrier Performance Observation Period, a Coupon Observation 
Period, a Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period, a Knock-In Observation 
Period, a Knock-In Performance Observation Period, Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation 
Period or an Observation Period (Drop Back) (each as defined in the Payout Conditions), as the 
case may be. 
"Periodic Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of an Index, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day in respect of the Index.

--- Page 490 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
 
484 
 
"Reference Date" means each Initial Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Periodic 
Valuation Date, Valuation Date or Specified Observation Date, in each case, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Index Linked Provisions. 
"Related Exchange" means: 
(a) 
for any Unitary Index or Multi-Exchange Index, each exchange or quotation system, if 
any, specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in 
futures or options contracts relating to the Index has temporarily relocated (provided that 
the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
futures or options contracts relating to the Index on such temporary substitute exchange 
or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided, however, that where 
"All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange, "Related Exchange" shall mean 
each exchange or quotation system (as determined by the Calculation Agent) where 
trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall 
market for futures or options contracts relating to the Index; and 
(b) 
for any Component which is a Share, each exchange or quotation system where trading 
has a material effect on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to the 
Component share (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Index and in respect of an Exchange or 
Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours 
or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Coupon Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of 
an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Initial Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Initial Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Periodic Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of 
an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Periodic Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Reference Date" means each Scheduled Initial Valuation Date, Scheduled Coupon 
Valuation Date, Scheduled Periodic Valuation Date, Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled 
Specified Observation Date. 
"Scheduled Specified Observation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence 
of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Specified Observation Date. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of:  
(a) 
any Unitary Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for the 
Index are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; 
(b) 
any Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to 
publish the level of the Index and (ii) the Related Exchange for the Index is scheduled to 
be open for trading for its regular trading session;  
(c) 
any Component which is a Share, any day on which the relevant Exchange referenced 
by the Index and the relevant Related Exchange for such Component are scheduled to be 
open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; and 
(d) 
any Component which is not a Share, any day on which the value, level or price, as is 
applicable, is scheduled to be published or disseminated, or is otherwise scheduled to be 
available.

--- Page 491 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
 
485 
 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Cycle" means the period of Component Clearance System Business Days 
following a trade in the Components underlying the relevant Index on the Exchange in which 
settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange (or, if there are 
multiple Exchanges in respect of an Index, the longest such period). 
"Share" means, in respect of an Index, any share included in such Index, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Share Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Component which is a Share, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading 
during its regular trading session or on which (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange 
Disruption which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during 
the one-hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (c) an Early Closure has 
occurred in respect of such Component. 
"Specified Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of an Index, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Successor Index" has the meaning given in Index Linked Provision 4.1 (Consequences of a 
Successor Index Sponsor or Successor Index). 
"Successor Index Sponsor" has the meaning given in Index Linked Provision 4.1 
(Consequences of a Successor Index Sponsor or Successor Index). 
"Trading Disruption" means:  
(a) 
in respect of any Unitary Index, any suspension of, or limitation imposed on, trading by 
any relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise, and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise, (i) relating to Components that comprise 20 per cent. or more of 
the level of the Index on any relevant Exchange or (ii) in futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index on any relevant Related Exchange; and 
(b) 
in respect of any Multi-Exchange Index, any suspension or limitation imposed on trading 
by any relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise, and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise, (i) relating to any Component on the Exchange in respect of such 
Component or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Index on the Related 
Exchange. 
"Unitary Index" means any Index which is specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or, if 
not specified, any Index the Calculation Agent determines as such. 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Index that is not a Disrupted 
Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of an Index, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day in respect of the Index. 
"Valuation Time" means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Unitary Index, (i) for the purposes of determining whether an Early 
Closure, an Exchange Disruption or a Trading Disruption has occurred in respect of (I) 
any Exchange, the Scheduled Closing Time of the Exchange (provided that, if the 
relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, then the Valuation Time 
shall be such actual closing time), and (II) any options contracts or futures contracts on 
such Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange, and (ii) in all other

--- Page 492 ---
Index Linked Provisions 
 
486 
 
circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of the Index is calculated and 
published by the Index Sponsor; and 
(b) 
in respect of any Multi-Exchange Index, (i) for the purposes of determining whether an 
Early Closure, an Exchange Disruption or a Trading Disruption has occurred in respect 
of (I) any Component, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of such 
Component (provided that, if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time), and (II) any options 
contracts or futures contracts on the Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange, 
and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of the Index 
is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor.

--- Page 493 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
 
487 
 
COMMODITY LINKED PROVISIONS 
 
1. 
Market Disruption Events and Disruption Fallbacks (other than in respect of a Commodity 
Index) ..................................................................................................................................... 487 
 
1.1 
Consequence of a Market Disruption Event ............................................................... 487 
 
1.2 
Applicability of Market Disruption Events ................................................................. 487 
 
1.3 
Applicability of Disruption Fallbacks ......................................................................... 488 
2. 
Consequences of Market Disruption Events (in respect of a Commodity Index) .................. 488 
3. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event on non-Pricing Dates  ........................................................ 489 
4. 
Common Pricing .................................................................................................................... 489 
5. 
Correction to Published Prices ............................................................................................... 490 
6. 
Fallback Pricing Dates ........................................................................................................... 490 
7. 
Adjustments to a Commodity Index  ..................................................................................... 490 
8. 
Early redemption following Commodity Hedging Disruption ............................................... 491 
9. 
Adjustments to Securities linked to Commodities in European Currencies ........................... 491 
10. 
Commodity Index Disclaimer ................................................................................................ 492 
11. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events ..................................................................... 492 
12. 
Successor to a Commodity Reference Price .......................................................................... 493 
13. 
Non-compliant Fallbacks ....................................................................................................... 493 
14. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................. 493 
 
These Commodity Linked Provisions apply to Securities for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
the Commodity Linked Provisions are applicable. 
1 
Market Disruption Events and Disruption Fallbacks (other than in respect of a 
Commodity Index) 
1.1 
Consequence of a Market Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists on 
any Pricing Date (or, if different, the day on which the price for such Pricing Date would, in the 
ordinary course, be published or announced by the Price Source), the Commodity Reference 
Price for such Pricing Date will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with Commodity Linked Provision 
1.3 (Applicability of Disruption Fallbacks)) that provides a Commodity Reference Price. 
1.2 
Applicability of Market Disruption Events 
(a) 
Subject to (b) and (c) below, a Market Disruption Event is applicable in respect of a 
Commodity if it is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if one or more Market 
Disruption Events are specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then only those Market 
Disruption Events will apply.  
(b) 
In respect of all Commodities (other than Bullion), if no Market Disruption Event is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the following Market Disruption Events will be 
deemed to have been specified and be applicable:  
 
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price; 
 
Material Change in Content;

--- Page 494 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
 
488 
 
 
Material Change in Formula; 
 
Price Source Disruption;  
 
Trading Disruption; and 
 
Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
(c) 
In respect of Bullion, if no Market Disruption Event is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the following Market Disruption Events will be deemed to have been specified 
and be applicable:  
 
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price; 
 
Price Source Disruption;  
 
Trading Disruption; and 
 
Administrator/Benchmark Event.  
1.3 
Applicability of Disruption Fallbacks 
A Disruption Fallback is applicable if it is specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no 
Disruption Fallback is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the following Disruption Fallbacks 
will be deemed to have been specified and be applicable (in the following order): 
(a) 
Fallback Reference Price (if an alternate Commodity Reference Price has been specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms); 
(b) 
Delayed Publication or Announcement and Postponement (each to operate concurrently 
with the other and each subject to a period of two consecutive Commodity Business Days 
(or Bullion Business Days in respect of Bullion) as the applicable Maximum Days of 
Disruption) provided, however, that the price determined by Postponement shall be the 
Commodity Reference Price only if Delayed Publication or Announcement does not 
yield a Commodity Reference Price within the Maximum Days of Disruption;  
(c) 
Fallback Reference Dealers; and 
(d) 
Calculation Agent Determination. 
If any Disruption Fallbacks are specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then only that or those (as 
the case may be) Disruption Fallbacks shall apply and if two or more Disruption Fallbacks are 
specified, those Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, such that if the Calculation Agent determines that the Commodity Reference Price 
cannot be determined by applying a Disruption Fallback, then the next Disruption Fallback 
specified shall apply, provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that the Commodity 
Reference Price cannot be determined by applying any of the applicable Disruption Fallbacks, 
the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the 
Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal 
to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided 
that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early 
Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early 
redemption)" shall be deleted).  
2 
Consequences of Market Disruption Events (in respect of a Commodity Index)  
If a Market Disruption Event has occurred on any Pricing Date in respect of a Commodity Index, 
the Closing Commodity Index Level of the Commodity Index for such Pricing Date shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent using the then-current method for calculating the 
Commodity Index, but based on and by reference to the relevant closing prices of each futures 
contract included in such Commodity Index as follows:

--- Page 495 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
 
489 
 
(a) 
in respect of each futures contract included in the Commodity Index which is not affected 
by the Market Disruption Event on such Pricing Date, the closing price of such futures 
contract will be that announced or published by the applicable exchange on such Pricing 
Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of each futures contract included in the Commodity Index which is affected 
by the Market Disruption Event on such Pricing Date, the closing price of such futures 
contract will be based on the closing price of such contract on the first Futures Trading 
Day following such Pricing Date on which such futures contract is not affected by a 
Market Disruption Event. 
provided that if the Calculation Agent in its discretion determines that the application of the 
above paragraphs would not achieve a commercially reasonable result and/or if such Market 
Disruption Event is an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Calculation Agent may determine 
that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each 
Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as 
defined in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, 
Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the 
words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
If a Fallback Pricing Date is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable to any Pricing 
Date for a Commodity Index, and if: 
 
following adjustment of such Pricing Date on account of the Scheduled Pricing Date not 
being a Trading Day, the Pricing Date would otherwise fall after the specified Fallback 
Pricing Date, then such Fallback Pricing Date shall be deemed to be such Pricing Date 
for such Commodity Index. If such Fallback Pricing Date is not a Trading Day for the 
Commodity Index, then the Calculation Agent will determine the Closing Commodity 
Index Level, taking into consideration the latest available level of the Commodity Index 
and any other information that it deems relevant of such Commodity Index on such 
Fallback Pricing Date, and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this 
Commodity Linked Provision 2 shall be deemed to be the Closing Commodity Index 
Level for such Commodity Index in respect of the relevant Pricing Date; and/or 
 
the closing price of a futures contract comprised in the Commodity Index would 
otherwise be used for the purposes of determining the Closing Commodity Index Level 
above after the specified Fallback Pricing Date following the adjustment set out in 
paragraph (b) above, then the closing price of such futures contract will instead be taken 
on such Fallback Pricing Date, and such closing price for the Fallback Pricing Date will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into consideration the latest available 
closing price for the such futures contract, and any other information that it deems 
relevant. 
3 
Administrator/Benchmark Event on non-Pricing Dates  
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred or is 
in existence in respect of the Securities on any day that is not a Pricing Date during the term of 
the Securities, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in 
which event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by 
it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 37.1 
(Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early 
Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event 
which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
4 
Common Pricing 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Commodities and, if "Common Pricing" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable then no date will be a Pricing Date unless such date 
is a day on which all referenced Commodity Reference Prices (for which such date would 
otherwise be a Pricing Date) are scheduled to be published or announced, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 496 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
 
490 
 
5 
Correction to Published Prices 
In the event that any price or value published or announced on any date which is utilised for any 
calculation or determination in connection with the Securities is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published or announced by the person responsible for that publication or 
announcement by the earlier of: 
(a) 
30 calendar days after the original publication or announcement; and 
(b) 
the second Business Day prior to the next date upon which any relevant payment or 
delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant 
determination in respect of the Securities may have to be made,  
then the Calculation Agent may determine the amount that is payable or make any determination 
in connection with Securities, after taking into account such correction, and, to the extent 
necessary, may adjust any relevant terms of the Securities to account for such correction. 
Upon making any such determination or adjustment, as applicable, to take into account any such 
correction, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders stating 
the determination or adjustment, as applicable, to any amount payable under the Securities 
and/or any of the other relevant terms and giving brief details of the determination or adjustment, 
as applicable, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the 
determination or adjustment, as applicable, or any action taken. 
6 
Fallback Pricing Dates 
In respect of a Commodity, and notwithstanding any other terms of the Commodity Linked 
Provisions applicable to a Commodity, if a Fallback Pricing Date is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms to be applicable to any Pricing Date and if, following adjustment of the original 
date on which the Pricing Date was scheduled to fall pursuant to the applicable Commodity 
Business Day Convention (or Bullion Business Day Convention) or, following the application 
of a Disruption Fallback pursuant to Commodity Linked Provision 1 (Market Disruption Events 
and Disruption Fallbacks (other than in respect of a Commodity Index)) or adjustment of the 
Pricing Date pursuant to Commodity Linked Provision 4 (Common Pricing), the determination 
of a Commodity Reference Price, or the Pricing Date in respect of a Commodity, as applicable, 
would otherwise fall after the specified Fallback Pricing Date in respect of the Commodity, then 
the Fallback Pricing Date shall be deemed to be the Pricing Date for the Commodity. 
If the Fallback Pricing Date is not a Commodity Business Day (or a Bullion Business Day), the 
Commodity Reference Price of such Commodity shall be subject to Calculation Agent 
Determination on such Fallback Pricing Date, and such determination by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this Commodity Linked Provision 6 shall be deemed to be the Commodity Reference 
Price in respect of the relevant Pricing Date. 
7 
Adjustments to a Commodity Index  
(a) 
In respect of a Commodity Index, if the Commodity Index is permanently cancelled or 
is not calculated and announced by the Commodity Index Sponsor but is (i) calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Sponsor") acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent, and/or (ii) replaced by a successor index (the "Successor Index") 
using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar 
formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the Commodity Index, 
then the Commodity Index will be deemed to be the index so calculated and announced 
by that Successor Sponsor and/or that Successor Index, as the case may be. The 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if 
any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or 
any other terms of the Securities to account for such successor. 
(b) 
In respect of a Commodity Index, if, on or prior to a Pricing Date or any other relevant 
date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Commodity Index Sponsor makes 
a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the Commodity Index 
or in any other way materially modifies that Commodity Index (other than a modification

--- Page 497 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
 
491 
 
prescribed in that formula or method to maintain the Commodity Index in the event of 
changes in constituent commodities and weightings and other routine events), or (ii) the 
Commodity Index Sponsor permanently cancels the Commodity Index, or (iii) the 
Commodity Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce the Commodity Index and the 
Calculation Agent determines that there is no Successor Sponsor and/or Successor Index, 
then the Calculation Agent may at its option (in the case of (i)) and shall (in the case of 
such (ii) and (iii)) (such events (i) (ii) and (iii) to be collectively referred to as 
"Commodity Index Adjustment Events") calculate the Closing Commodity Index 
Level for the applicable Pricing Date or such other relevant date in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating that Commodity Index last in effect prior to the 
relevant Commodity Index Adjustment Event, but using only those futures contracts that 
comprised that Commodity Index immediately prior to the relevant Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event (other than those futures contracts that have ceased to be listed on any 
relevant exchange). 
(c) 
If the Calculation Agent determines, in its discretion, that it is not reasonably practicable 
(taking into account the costs involved) to calculate or continue to calculate the 
Commodity Index pursuant to the preceding paragraph, the Calculation Agent may 
rebase the Securities against another index or basket of indices, as applicable, determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be comparable to the relevant Commodity Index, and, 
following such rebasing, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment(s) that it 
determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the Securities to account for such 
rebasing. 
(d) 
If the Calculation Agent determines, in its discretion, that there is not such an index or 
basket of indices comparable to the relevant Commodity Index, and/or that application 
of the preceding paragraphs would not achieve a commercially reasonable result, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event 
the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an 
amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 37.1 
(Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early 
Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the 
event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
(e) 
On making any such adjustment or determination, the Calculation Agent shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Holders stating the adjustment to any amount payable under 
the Securities, the determination and/or any of the other relevant terms and giving brief 
details of the Commodity Index Adjustment Event, provided that any failure to give such 
notice shall not affect the validity of the Commodity Index Adjustment Event or any 
action taken. 
8 
Early redemption following Commodity Hedging Disruption 
Unless the relevant Issue Terms specify that Commodity Hedging Disruption is not applicable, 
upon the occurrence of a Commodity Hedging Disruption, the Issuer may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion: (a) on giving not less than five nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice, 
redeem the Securities on the date set for redemption in such notice, or (b) (if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Early redemption following Commodity Hedging Disruption – Redemption 
Period" to be applicable) on giving irrevocable notice, redeem the Securities on a date falling 
not less than five days nor more than 30 days from the date the notice is given, in each case, by 
payment of the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions), 
provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 
or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such 
early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
9 
Adjustments to Securities linked to Commodities in European Currencies 
In respect of any Securities linked to or relating to Commodities originally quoted, traded listed 
and/or dealt as of the Issue Date in a currency of a member state of the European Union that has 
not adopted the single currency in accordance with the EC Treaty, or if the relevant Commodity

--- Page 498 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
 
492 
 
Reference Price is in such currency, if such Commodities are at any time after the Issue Date 
quoted, listed, traded and/or dealt exclusively in euro on the relevant Exchange or, where no 
Exchange is specified, the principal market on which those Commodities are traded, or if the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price is changed to the euro, then the Calculation Agent may 
make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities 
as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to preserve the economic terms of the 
Securities. The Calculation Agent will make any conversion necessary for purposes of any such 
adjustment based on the relevant official conversion rate or such mid-market spot rate of 
exchange, as determined to be appropriate in the discretion of the Calculation Agent. No 
adjustments under this Commodity Linked Provision 9 will affect the currency denomination of 
any payment obligation arising out of the Securities. 
10 
Commodity Index Disclaimer 
The Securities are not sponsored, endorsed, sold, or promoted by the Commodity Index or the 
Commodity Index Sponsor and no Commodity Index Sponsor makes any representation 
whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of 
the Commodity Index and/or the levels at which the Commodity Index stands at any particular 
time on any particular date or otherwise. No Commodity Index or Commodity Index Sponsor 
shall be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the 
Commodity Index and the Commodity Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any 
person of any error therein. No Commodity Index Sponsor is making any representation 
whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming any 
risk in connection with the Securities. The Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) shall have 
no liability to the Holders for any act or failure to act by the Commodity Index Sponsor in 
connection with the calculation, adjustment, or maintenance of the Commodity Index. Except 
as may be disclosed prior to the Issue Date and specified in the relevant Issue Terms, none of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation Agent or any of their respective 
affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Commodity Index or Commodity Index 
Sponsor or any control over the computation, composition, or dissemination of the Commodity 
Index. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the Commodity 
Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this 
information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty, or undertaking (express or implied) is 
made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), their 
affiliates, or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness, and timeliness of 
information concerning the Commodity Index. In addition, no representation or warranty of any 
type, as to condition, satisfactory quality, performance or fitness for purpose are given, or duty 
or liability is assumed, by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), their affiliates, or the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the Commodity Index or any data included in or omissions from 
the Commodity Index, or the use of the Commodity Index in connection with the Securities and 
all those representations and warranties are excluded, save to the extent that such exclusion is 
prohibited by law. 
11 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events 
Following the determination by the Calculation Agent that an Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion: 
(a) 
determine to make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other 
terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for 
such Additional Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
determine and give notice to Holders that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which 
event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by 
it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 37.1 
(Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early 
Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the 
event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted).

--- Page 499 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
 
493 
 
12 
Successor to a Commodity Reference Price 
If in respect of any relevant Pricing Date or any other relevant date which is utilised for any 
calculation or determination in relation to Securities, the Calculation Agent determines in its 
discretion that (a) a Commodity Reference Price is not announced or published by the Price 
Source but is calculated and announced or published by a successor entity acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent, such price as so calculated and announced or published by such successor 
entity will be deemed to be the Commodity Reference Price, (b) a Commodity Reference Price 
is replaced by a successor price in respect of such Commodity calculated using, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of such Commodity Reference Price, such price as so 
calculated will be deemed to be the Commodity Reference Price, or (c) a Commodity Reference 
Price ceases to be announced or published by a Price Source and/or the formula for and/or the 
method of calculation of such Commodity Reference Price is being materially changed, but a 
price or two or more prices in respect of the same Commodity as such Commodity Reference 
Price exists, or will exist from a future date, and such price is, or two or more of such prices are, 
as is applicable, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, accepted or recognised by the 
dealers in the relevant market for such Commodity as being the successor, or a successor, as is 
applicable, to such Commodity Reference Price, then such successor price, or one of such 
successor prices as is selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, as is applicable, will 
be deemed to be the Commodity Reference Price from the date determined by the Calculation 
Agent. Following such determination, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment(s) that 
it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the Securities to account for such successor 
Commodity Reference Price. 
On making any such adjustment(s) or determination(s), the Calculation Agent shall give notice 
in accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices) as soon as practicable to the Holders stating 
the adjustment to any amount payable under the Securities, the determination and/or any of the 
other relevant terms and giving brief details of event which resulted in the successor Commodity 
Reference Price, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the 
successor Commodity Reference Price or any action taken. 
13 
Non-compliant Fallbacks 
Notwithstanding anything else in these Commodity Linked Provisions, if, in respect of the 
Securities, it (a) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation or 
(b) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, in each case, for the Calculation 
Agent to determine the Commodity Reference Price or the level of the Commodity Index or 
make any other determination in respect of the Securities which it would otherwise be obliged 
to do so under these Commodity Linked Provisions (or it would be unlawful or would 
contravene those licensing requirements were a determination to be made at such time), then 
(where no other applicable provision in these Commodity Linked Provisions results in such 
determination being made) the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall be 
redeemed, in which event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each 
Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General 
Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 
2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the 
event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
14 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Securities 
to which these Commodity Linked Provisions apply: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (a) a Change in Law, and, (b) if Hedging Disruption is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable, a Hedging Disruption. 
"Adjusted Scheduled Pricing Date" means (a) where a Pricing Date is adjusted in accordance 
with the applicable Commodity Business Day Convention (or Bullion Business Day 
Convention), the date on which the Pricing Date would fall following such adjustment, or (b) if

--- Page 500 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
 
494 
 
the Pricing Date is not subject to adjustment in accordance with a Commodity Business Day 
Convention (or Bullion Business Day Convention), or the application of the applicable 
Commodity Business Day Convention (or Bullion Business Day Convention) does not result in 
an adjustment to the Pricing Date, the Scheduled Pricing Date corresponding to the Pricing Date. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" has the meaning given in General Condition 37.1 
(Definitions). 
"Bloomberg Screen" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, when used in 
connection with any designated page, the display page so designated on the Bloomberg® service 
(or such other page as may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying prices 
comparable to such Commodity Reference Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Bullion" means each of gold, palladium, platinum and silver, and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
"Bullion Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and New 
York.  
"Bullion Business Day Convention" means the convention for adjusting any Pricing Date or 
other relevant date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Bullion Business Day. If the 
relevant Issue Terms specify, in respect of such Pricing Date or other date, that: 
(a) 
"Following" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing 
Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Bullion Business Day, 
the Pricing Date or other date will be the first following day that is a Bullion Business 
Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the 
Scheduled Pricing Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a 
Bullion Business Day, the Pricing Date or other date will be the first following day that 
is a Bullion Business Day, unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case 
that date will be the first preceding day that is a Bullion Business Day; 
(c) 
"Nearest" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing 
Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Bullion Business Day, 
the Pricing Date or other date will be (i) the first preceding day that is a Bullion Business 
Day if such date falls on a day other than a Sunday or Monday and (ii) the first following 
day that is a Bullion Business Day if such date falls on a Sunday or Monday; 
(d) 
"Preceding" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing 
Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Bullion Business Day, 
the Pricing Date or other date will be the first preceding day that is a Bullion Business 
Day; or 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled 
Pricing Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Bullion Business 
Day, the Pricing Date or other date will nonetheless be such Scheduled Pricing Date or 
other scheduled date. 
If the relevant Issue Terms does not specify an applicable Bullion Business Day Convention, 
then it shall be deemed that "Modified Following" shall apply. 
"Bullion Reference Dealers" means, in respect of Bullion for which the Commodity Reference 
Price is "Commodity – Reference Dealers", the four major dealers that are members of The 
London Bullion Market Association or its successors specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or 
if no such Bullion Reference Dealers are specified, as selected by the Calculation Agent, in each 
case, acting through their principal London offices. 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Commodity Reference Price (or method for determining the Commodity Reference Price),

--- Page 501 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
 
495 
 
taking into consideration the latest available quotation for the relevant Commodity Reference 
Price and any other information that it deems relevant. 
"CFTC" means the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the earlier of the Initial Pricing Date or the Issue Date 
(or, if there is no Initial Pricing Date, the Issue Date), of the Securities (a) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), 
or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines that (x) it has, or it 
will, within the next 15 calendar days but on or prior to the Maturity Date, Redemption Date or 
Settlement Date, as is applicable to the Securities, become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of 
any relevant commodity, futures contract, options contract or other asset, or (y) (if "Change in 
Law – Increased Cost" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) the Hedging 
Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the 
Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Commodity Index Level" means, in respect of a Commodity Index and any day, the 
official published closing level of such Commodity Index on the relevant day as calculated and 
published by the relevant Commodity Index Sponsor or as otherwise determined by the 
Calculation Agent, subject as provided in the Commodity Linked Provisions. 
"Commodity" and "Commodities" means the commodity or commodities (which may include 
Bullion and which may be a specified futures contract relating to an underlying commodity) 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Commodity Business Day" means, in respect of a single Commodity (other than Bullion) or 
a basket of Commodities (excluding any Bullion) and: 
(a) 
where the Commodity Reference Price for a Commodity is a price announced or 
published by an Exchange, a day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event, would have been) a day on which such Exchange is open for trading during its 
regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled 
closing time; and 
(b) 
where the Commodity Reference Price for a Commodity is not a price announced or 
published by an Exchange, a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published 
(or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have published) a price. 
"Commodity Business Day Convention" means the convention for adjusting any Pricing Date 
or other relevant date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Commodity Business Day. 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify, in respect of such Pricing Date or other date, that: 
(a) 
"Following" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing 
Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Commodity Business 
Day, the Pricing Date or other date will be the first following day that is a Commodity 
Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the 
Scheduled Pricing Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a 
Commodity Business Day, the Pricing Date or other date will be the first following day 
that is a Commodity Business Day, unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in 
which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Commodity Business Day; 
(c) 
"Nearest" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing 
Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Commodity Business 
Day, the Pricing Date or other date will be (i) the first preceding day that is a Commodity 
Business Day if such date falls on a day other than a Sunday or Monday and (ii) the first

--- Page 502 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
 
496 
 
following day that is a Commodity Business Day if such date falls on a Sunday or 
Monday; 
(d) 
"Preceding" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing 
Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Commodity Business 
Day, the Pricing Date or other date will be the first preceding day that is a Commodity 
Business Day; or 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled 
Pricing Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Commodity 
Business Day, the Pricing Date or other date will nonetheless be such Scheduled Pricing 
Date or other scheduled date. 
If the relevant Issue Terms does not specify an applicable Commodity Business Day 
Convention, then it shall be deemed that "Modified Following" shall apply. 
"Commodity Hedging Disruption" means that: 
(a) 
due to (i) the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law, regulation, rule or order 
(including, without limitation, any tax law); or (ii) the promulgation of, or any change 
in, the interpretation, application, exercise or operation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority, exchange or trading facility or any other relevant entity with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, rule, regulation, order, decision or determination 
(including, without limitation, as implemented by the CFTC or exchange or trading 
facility), in each case occurring on or after the Trade Date the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is contrary (or, upon adoption, it will be contrary) to such law, rule, 
regulation, order, decision or determination for the Hedging Entity to purchase, sell, enter 
into, maintain, hold, acquire or dispose of Underlying Hedge Transactions (in whole or 
in part) (in the aggregate on a portfolio basis or incrementally on a trade by trade basis) 
including (without limitation) if such Underlying Hedge Transactions (in whole or in 
part) (in the aggregate on a portfolio basis or incrementally on a trade by trade basis) are 
(or, but for the consequent disposal thereof, would otherwise be) in excess of any 
allowable position limit(s) in relation to any commodity traded on any exchange(s) or 
other trading facility (it being within the sole and absolute discretion of the Hedging 
Entity to determine which of the relevant assets or transactions are counted towards such 
limit); and/or 
(b) 
(if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Commodity Hedging Disruption – Hedging Entity" 
to be applicable) for any reason, the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing its commodity-related obligations with respect to the 
Securities, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s).  
"Commodity High Price" means, in respect of a Commodity and any relevant day, the high 
price of such Commodity (being the highest traded price of such Commodity on the relevant 
Exchange in respect of such day) as determined and made public by the relevant Price Source 
on that day. 
"Commodity Index" and "Commodity Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Commodity Linked Provisions, the index or indices linked directly or indirectly to 
commodity futures contracts and specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly.  
"Commodity Index Adjustment Event" has the meaning in Commodity Linked Provision 7 
(Adjustments to a Commodity Index). 
"Commodity Index Level" means, in respect of a Commodity Index and any relevant time on 
any relevant day, the official published level of such Commodity Index at such time on or in 
respect of such day, as calculated and published by the relevant Commodity Index Sponsor, as

--- Page 503 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
 
497 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If "Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Closing Commodity Index Level of a 
Commodity Index on or in respect of any relevant day shall be deemed to be a Commodity Index 
Level in respect of an Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) for such Commodity Index 
falling on such relevant day. 
"Commodity Index Sponsor" means, for any Commodity Index, the entity specified as such in 
the relevant Issue Terms, and, if not specified, the corporation or other entity that, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures 
and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such Commodity Index, and 
(b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Commodity Index on a regular 
basis in respect of each Trading Day. 
"Commodity Index Sponsor Business Centre" means, for any Commodity Index, the location 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Commodity Index Strike Level" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Commodity Index and any relevant day, the relevant level of the 
Commodity Index on or in respect of such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Commodity Low Price" means, in respect of a Commodity and any relevant day, the low price 
of such Commodity (being the lowest traded price of such Commodity on the relevant Exchange 
in respect of such day) as determined and made public by the relevant Price Source on that day.  
"Commodity Price" means the Commodity Low Price or the Commodity High Price as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Commodity - Reference Dealers" means that the price for a Pricing Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, will be determined on the basis of quotations provided by Reference 
Dealers (or Bullion Reference Dealers) on such Pricing Date of that day's Specified Price for 
the relevant Commodity Reference Price (or, if there is no Specified Price for a Commodity 
Reference Price, such Commodity Reference Price) for a Unit of the relevant Commodity for 
delivery on the Delivery Date (or, if there is no Delivery Date for a Commodity Reference Price, 
for delivery on such date that forms the basis on which such Commodity Reference Price is 
quoted). If four quotations are provided as requested, the price for such Pricing Date will be the 
arithmetic mean of the Specified Prices for the relevant Commodity Reference Price (or, if there 
is no Specified Price for a Commodity Reference Price, of such Commodity Reference Prices 
for the relevant date and time) for such Commodity provided by each Reference Dealer (or 
Bullion Reference Dealer), without regard to the Specified Prices for the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price (or, as the case may be, Commodity Reference Prices for the relevant date and 
time) having the highest and lowest values. If exactly three quotations are provided as requested, 
the price for such Pricing Date will be the Specified Price for the relevant Commodity Reference 
Price (or, as the case may be, Commodity Reference Price for the relevant date and time) 
provided by the relevant Reference Dealer (or Bullion Reference Dealer) that remains after 
disregarding the Specified Prices for the relevant Commodity Reference Price (or, as the case 
may be, Commodity Reference Prices for the relevant date and time) having the highest and 
lowest values. For this purpose, if more than one quotation has the same highest or lowest value, 
then the Specified Price for the relevant Commodity Reference Price (or, as the case may be, 
Commodity Reference Price for the relevant date and time) of one of such quotations shall be 
disregarded. 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of a Commodity and a Pricing Date or any 
other relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
the Specified Price per Unit of the Commodity on the relevant Exchange and if a Delivery 
Date is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
the Specified Price Currency, as made public by the Exchange on that Pricing Date or 
such other relevant date and displayed on the Price Source that displays prices effective 
on that day; or

--- Page 504 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
 
498 
 
(b) 
the Specified Price per Unit of the Commodity and if a Delivery Date is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, for the Delivery Date, stated in the Specified Price Currency, 
published or displayed on the Price Source that publishes or displays prices effective on 
that Pricing Date or such other relevant date; 
in each case, specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for that Commodity and subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Commodity Linked Provisions. 
"Commodity Strike Price" means, in respect of a Commodity and any relevant day, the 
relevant price of the Commodity on or in respect of such day, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
relevant Commodity Business Day Convention (or Bullion Business Day Convention) (in 
respect of a Commodity) or the relevant Trading Day Convention (in respect of a Commodity 
Index), as is applicable. 
"Delayed Publication or Announcement" means that the price for a Pricing Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, will be determined based on the Specified Price for the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price (or, if there is no Specified Price for a Commodity 
Reference Price, such Commodity Reference Price) in respect of the Scheduled Pricing Date 
corresponding to such Pricing Date that is published or announced by the relevant Price Source 
retrospectively on the first succeeding Commodity Business Day (or Bullion Business Day) on 
which the Market Disruption Event ceases to exist, unless that Market Disruption Event 
continues to exist (measured from and including the Adjusted Scheduled Pricing Date 
corresponding to the Pricing Date) or the Commodity Reference Price continues to be 
unavailable for consecutive Commodity Business Days (or consecutive Bullion Business Days) 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption. 
"Delivery Date" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price and a Pricing Date or any 
other relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the relevant date or month for 
delivery of the underlying Commodity (which must be a date or month reported or capable of 
being determined from information reported in or by the relevant Price Source) as is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that: 
(a) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Futures Contract – Expiry Date Roll" shall 
be applicable in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, then "Delivery Date" shall 
mean, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price and the relevant Pricing Date or other 
relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the month of expiry of the first 
contract traded on the Exchange for the future delivery of such Commodity to expire 
after the relevant Pricing Date or other relevant date, PROVIDED THAT, for the 
avoidance of doubt, in the event that such Pricing Date or other relevant date for such 
Commodity Reference Price falls on the Last Trading Day for a contract traded on the 
Exchange for the future delivery of the relevant Commodity, then the "Delivery Date" 
for such Commodity Reference Price in relation to such Pricing Date or other relevant 
date shall be the month of expiry of the next contract for the future delivery of such 
Commodity to expire after (but not on) such Pricing Date or other relevant date. 
(b) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Futures Contract – Delivery Date Roll" shall 
be applicable in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, then "Delivery Date" shall 
mean, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price and the relevant Pricing Date or any 
other relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the month of expiry of the 
first contract for the future delivery of such Commodity trading on the Exchange to 
expire after the relevant Pricing Date or other relevant date, PROVIDED THAT, in the 
event that such Pricing Date or other relevant date for such Commodity Reference Price 
falls (i) in the period commencing on, and including, the First Notice Day of the Notice 
Period for Delivery of such contract to, but excluding, the Last Trading Day of such 
contract, then the "Delivery Date" for such Commodity Reference Price in relation to 
such Pricing Date or other relevant date shall instead be the month of expiry of the second 
contract for the future delivery of such Commodity to expire after such Pricing Date or

--- Page 505 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
 
499 
 
other relevant date, or (ii) on the Last Trading Day for a contract traded on the Exchange 
for the future delivery of such Commodity, then the "Delivery Date" for such Commodity 
Reference Price in relation to such Pricing Date or other relevant date shall be the month 
of expiry of the next contract for the future delivery of such Commodity to expire after 
(but not on) such Pricing Date or other relevant date. 
"Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price" means: 
(a) 
the permanent discontinuation of trading, in the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant 
Exchange; 
(b) 
the disappearance of, or of trading in, the relevant Commodity; or 
(c) 
the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of a Commodity 
Reference Price, 
notwithstanding the availability of the related Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant 
Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity. 
"Disruption Fallback" means, in respect of a Commodity and a Commodity Reference Price, 
Calculation Agent Determination, Delayed Publication or Announcement, Fallback Reference 
Dealers, Fallback Reference Price, Postponement as specified as in the relevant Issue Terms as 
an alternative basis for determining the Commodity Reference Price when a Market Disruption 
Event occurs or exists on a day that is a Pricing Date (or, if different, the day on which prices 
for such Pricing Date would in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the Price 
Source).  
"Exchange" means, in relation to a Commodity, the exchange or principal trading market 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Fallback Pricing Date" means, in respect of a Commodity or Commodity Index, the date(s) 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for any date specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
on which the price of such Commodity or the level of such Commodity Index, as the case may 
be, is required to be determined, or, if "Default Fallback Pricing Date" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, then the Fallback Pricing Date for any date on which the price of such Commodity 
or the level of such Commodity Index, as the case may be, is required to be determined shall be 
the second Business Day prior to the next following date upon which any payment or delivery 
of assets may have to be made by the Issuer by reference to the price of such Commodity or the 
level of such Commodity Index, as the case may be, on such day. 
"Fallback Reference Dealers" means that the Commodity Reference Price will be determined 
in accordance with "Commodity - Reference Dealers". 
"Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent will determine the Commodity 
Reference Price based on the price for such Pricing Date of the first alternate Commodity 
Reference Price specified in the relevant Issue Terms and not subject to a Market Disruption 
Event. 
"Final Pricing Date" means, in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
relevant Commodity Business Day Convention (or Bullion Business Day Convention) (in 
respect of a Commodity) or the relevant Trading Day Convention (in respect of a Commodity 
Index), as is applicable. 
"First Notice Day of the Notice Period for Delivery" means, in respect of the relevant Futures 
Contract, the "first notice day" for delivery of the relevant Commodity under such Futures 
Contract pursuant to the rules and regulations of the relevant Exchange, as at the relevant Pricing 
Date or any other relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Futures Contract" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the contract specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 506 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
 
500 
 
"Futures Trading Day" means, in respect of a Commodity Index and a futures contract 
comprised therein, each day on which the exchange on which such futures contract trades is 
open for trading.  
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risks of the Issuer issuing and 
the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to or in connection with the relevant Securities, 
or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Initial Pricing Date" means in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
relevant Commodity Business Day Convention (or Bullion Business Day Convention) (in 
respect of a Commodity) or the relevant Trading Day Convention (in respect of a Commodity 
Index), as is applicable. 
"Last Trading Day" means, in respect of the relevant Futures Contract, the final day during 
which trading may take place in such Futures Contract pursuant to the rules and regulations of 
the relevant Exchange, as at the relevant Pricing Date or any other relevant date, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Refinitiv Screen" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, when used in connection 
with any designated page, the display page so designated on Refinitiv (or such other page as 
may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying prices comparable to such 
Commodity Reference Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(a) 
other than in respect of a Commodity Index, the occurrence of any of the following 
events:  
 
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price; 
 
Material Change in Content; 
 
Material Change in Formula; 
 
Price Source Disruption; 
 
Trading Disruption;  
 
Tax Disruption;  
 
An Administrator/Benchmark Event; or 
 Any additional Market Disruption Events as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
and  
(b) 
in respect of a Commodity Index, the occurrence of any one or more of the following 
circumstances:  
 
a material limitation, suspension, or disruption of trading in one or more of the 
futures contracts included in the Commodity Index which results in a failure by 
the exchange on which such futures contract is traded to report a closing price for 
such futures contract on the day on which such event occurs or any succeeding 
day on which it continues; 
 
the closing price for any futures contract included in the Commodity Index is a 
"limit price", which means that the closing price for such futures contract for a 
day has increased or decreased from the previous day's closing price by the 
maximum amount permitted under applicable exchange rules;

--- Page 507 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
 
501 
 
 
a failure by the applicable exchange or other price source to announce or publish 
the closing price for any futures contract included in the Commodity Index; or 
 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
"Material Change in Content" means the occurrence since the earlier of the Initial Pricing 
Date or the Issue Date (or, if there is no Initial Pricing Date, the Issue Date) of a material change 
in the content, composition or constitution of the Commodity or relevant Futures Contract. 
"Material Change in Formula" means the occurrence since the earlier of the Initial Pricing 
Date or the Issue Date (or, if there is no Initial Pricing Date, the Issue Date) of a material change 
in the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant Commodity Reference Price. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of Commodity Business Days (or Bullion 
Business Days) specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and, if no such number is specified, 
five Commodity Business Days (or Bullion Business Days). 
"Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of: 
(a) 
a Commodity, (i) each Commodity Business Day falling in the Observation Period for 
such Commodity on which a Market Disruption Event has not occurred or exists in 
respect of such Commodity, as determined by the Calculation Agent, and (ii) each 
Specified Observation Date (Closing Valuation). Where "Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation)" means, in respect of a Commodity and if specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, 
notwithstanding that such day may not be a Commodity Business Day or is a Commodity 
Business Day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists in respect of 
such Commodity. 
(b) 
a Commodity Index, (i) each Trading Day falling in the Observation Period for such 
Commodity Index on which a Market Disruption Event has not occurred or exists in 
respect of such Commodity Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent, and (ii) each 
Specified Observation Date (Closing Valuation). Where "Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation)" means, in respect of a Commodity Index and if specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, notwithstanding that such day may not be a Trading Day or is a Trading Day on 
which a Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists in respect of such Commodity 
Index. 
"Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of: 
(a) 
a Commodity, (i) each Commodity Business Day falling in the Observation Period for 
such Commodity on which the relevant Price Source publishes the Commodity Price, 
regardless of whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists on such day and 
(ii) each Specified Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) for such Commodity. Where 
"Specified Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, in respect of a 
Commodity and if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, notwithstanding that such day may not be 
a Commodity Business Day on which the relevant Price Source publishes the 
Commodity Price. 
(b) 
a Commodity Index, (i) each day falling in the Observation Period for such Commodity 
Index on which the relevant Commodity Index Sponsor calculates and publishes the 
Commodity Index Level, regardless of whether such day is a Trading Day or whether a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists on such day and (ii) each Specified 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) for such Commodity Index. Where "Specified 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, in respect of a Commodity Index 
and if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each date specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms, notwithstanding that such day may not be a day on which

--- Page 508 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
 
502 
 
the relevant Commodity Index Sponsor calculates and publishes the Commodity Index 
Level. 
"Observation Period" means a Barrier Observation Period, a Barrier Performance Observation 
Period, a Coupon Observation Period, a Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation 
Period, a Knock-In Observation Period, a Knock-In Performance Observation Period, Single of 
a Basket Knock-In Observation Period or an Observation Period (Drop Back) (each as defined 
in the Payout Conditions), as the case may be. 
"Periodic Pricing Date" means in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
relevant Commodity Business Day Convention (or Bullion Business Day Convention) (in 
respect of a Commodity) or the relevant Trading Day Convention (in respect of a Commodity 
Index), as is applicable. 
"Postponement" means that the Pricing Date for the Commodity Reference Price will be 
deemed to be the first succeeding Commodity Business Day (or Bullion Business Day) on which 
the Market Disruption Event ceases to exist, unless such Market Disruption Event continues to 
exist (measured from and including the Adjusted Scheduled Pricing Date corresponding to the 
Pricing Date) for consecutive Commodity Business Days (or consecutive Bullion Business 
Days) equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption in respect of such Commodity. 
"Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Price Source" means the publication(s) and/or Screen Page(s) (or such other origin of 
reference, including an Exchange) containing (or reporting) the Specified Price (or prices from 
which the Specified Price is calculated) as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Futures Contract – Delivery Date Roll" or "Futures 
Contract – Expiry Date Roll" is applicable, then "Price Source" shall mean the publication(s) 
and/or Screen Page(s) (or such other origin of reference, including an Exchange) as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms in order to reference the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant date 
and at the relevant time as set forth in the applicable proviso relating to such Commodity in the 
definition of "Delivery Date". 
"Price Source Disruption" means, in respect of a Commodity: 
(a) 
the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the Specified Price (or the 
information necessary for determining the Specified Price) for the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price (or, if there is no Specified Price for a Commodity Reference Price, such 
Commodity Reference Price); 
(b) 
the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source; 
(c) 
if the Commodity Reference Price is "Commodity - Reference Dealers", the failure to 
obtain at least three quotations as requested from the relevant Reference Dealers or 
Bullion Reference Dealers (as applicable); or  
(d) 
if a Price Materiality Percentage is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Specified Price for the relevant Commodity Reference Price differs from the 
Specified Price determined in accordance with the Commodity Reference Price, 
"Commodity - Reference Dealers", by such Price Materiality Percentage (or, if there is 
no Specified Price for a Commodity Reference Price, the Commodity Reference Prices 
determined by such means differ by such Price Materiality Percentage). 
"Pricing Date" means each Initial Pricing Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Periodic Pricing Date 
or Final Pricing Date, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Commodity 
Linked Provisions. 
"Reference Dealers" means, if the relevant Commodity Reference Price is "Commodity – 
Reference Dealers", the four dealers specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if dealers are not 
so specified, four leading dealers in the relevant market as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 509 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
 
503 
 
"Scheduled Coupon Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date, the 
original day scheduled as such Coupon Valuation Date, prior to any adjustment or postponement 
thereof. 
"Scheduled Final Pricing Date" means, in respect of a Final Pricing Date, the original day 
scheduled as such Final Pricing Date, prior to any adjustment or postponement thereof. 
"Scheduled Initial Pricing Date" means, in respect of an Initial Pricing Date, the original day 
scheduled as such Initial Pricing Date, prior to any adjustment or postponement thereof. 
"Scheduled Periodic Pricing Date" means, in respect of a Periodic Pricing Date, the original 
day scheduled as such Periodic Pricing Date, prior to any adjustment or postponement thereof. 
"Scheduled Pricing Date" means each Scheduled Initial Pricing Date, each Scheduled Coupon 
Valuation Date, each Scheduled Periodic Pricing Date or Scheduled Final Pricing Date. 
"Screen Page" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the Bloomberg Screen page 
and/or the Refinitiv Screen page and/or such other screen page of such other information 
provider, on which relevant information for such Commodity Reference Price is reported or 
published, as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify that "Futures Contract – Delivery Date Roll" or "Futures Contract – Expiry Date 
Roll" is applicable, then "Screen Page" shall include any additional Bloomberg Screen page 
and/or the Refinitiv Screen page and/or such other screen page of such other information 
provider specified as an "Additional Screen Page" in the relevant Issue Terms in order to 
reference the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant date and at the relevant time as set forth 
in the applicable proviso relating to such Commodity in the definition of "Delivery Date". 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, any of the following 
prices (which must be a price reported in or by, or capable of being determined from information 
reported in or by, the relevant Price Source) specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, and, 
if applicable, as of the time so specified: (a) the high price; (b) the low price; (c) the average of 
the high price and the low price; (d) the closing price; (e) the opening price; (f) the bid price; 
(g) the asked price; (h) the average of the bid price and the asked price; (i) the settlement price; 
(j) the official settlement price; (k) the official price; (l) the morning fixing; (m) the afternoon 
fixing; (n) the spot price; or (o) official closing price. 
"Specified Price Currency" means, in respect of a Specified Price, the currency, as specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, in which such Specified Price is expressed. 
"Tax Disruption" means, in respect of a Commodity, the imposition of, change in or removal 
of an excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or 
similar tax on, or measured by reference to, such Commodity (other than a tax on, or measured 
by reference to overall gross or net income) by any government or taxation authority after the 
earlier of the Initial Pricing Date or the Issue Date (or, if there is no Initial Pricing Date, the 
Issue Date), if the direct effect of such imposition, change, or removal is to raise or lower the 
Commodity Reference Price on the day that would otherwise be a Pricing Date or any other 
relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, from what it would have been without 
that imposition, change, or removal. 
"Trade Date" means the day specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Trading Day" means a day when:  
(a) 
the Commodity Index Sponsor is open for business in Commodity Index Sponsor 
Business Centre; and 
(b) 
the exchanges of all futures contracts included in the Commodity Index are open for 
trading. 
"Trading Day Convention" means, in respect of a Commodity Index, the convention for 
adjusting any Pricing Date or other relevant date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a

--- Page 510 ---
Commodity Linked Provisions 
 
504 
 
Trading Day. If the relevant Issue Terms specify, in respect of such Pricing Date or other date, 
that: 
(a) 
"Following" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing 
Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Trading Day, the Pricing 
Date or other date will be the first following day that is a Trading Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the 
Scheduled Pricing Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a 
Trading Day, the Pricing Date or other date will be the first following day that is a 
Trading Day, unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date 
will be the first preceding day that is a Trading Day; 
(c) 
"Nearest" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing 
Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Trading Day, the Pricing 
Date or other date will be (i) the first preceding day that is a Trading Day if such date 
falls on a day other than a Sunday or Monday and (ii) the first following day that is a 
Trading Day if such date falls on a Sunday or Monday; 
(d) 
"Preceding" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled Pricing 
Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Trading Day, the Pricing 
Date or other date will be the first preceding day that is a Trading Day; or 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" shall apply to such Pricing Date or other date, then if the Scheduled 
Pricing Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not a Trading Day, 
the Pricing Date or other date will nonetheless be such Scheduled Pricing Date or other 
scheduled date. 
If the relevant Issue Terms does not specify an applicable Trading Day Convention, then it shall 
be deemed that "Modified Following" shall apply. 
"Trading Disruption" means the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed on, 
trading in the Futures Contract or the Commodity on the Exchange or in any additional futures 
contract, options contract or commodity on any Exchange as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. For these purposes: 
(a) 
a suspension of the trading in the Futures Contract or the Commodity on any relevant 
Pricing Date or any other relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, shall be 
deemed to be material only if: 
 
all trading in the Futures Contract or the Commodity is suspended for the entire 
Pricing Date or other relevant date; or 
 
all trading in the Futures Contract or the Commodity is suspended subsequent to 
the opening of trading on the Pricing Date or other relevant date, trading does not 
recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of trading in such Futures 
Contract or Commodity on such Pricing Date or other relevant date and such 
suspension is announced less than one-hour preceding its commencement; and 
(b) 
a limitation of trading in the Futures Contract or the Commodity on any Pricing Date or 
any other relevant date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, shall be deemed to be 
material only if the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the 
price of the Futures Contract or the Commodity may fluctuate and the closing or 
settlement price of the Futures Contract or the Commodity on such day is at the upper 
limit of that range or at the lower limit of that range. 
"Unit" means the unit of measure of the relevant Commodity, as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 511 ---
FX Linked Provisions 
 
505 
 
FX LINKED PROVISIONS 
 
1. 
Consequences of FX Disrupted Days ..................................................................................... 505 
 
1.1 
Single FX Rate and Reference Dates .......................................................................... 505 
 
1.2 
FX Rate Basket and Reference Dates ......................................................................... 505 
 
1.3 
Single FX Rate and Averaging Dates ......................................................................... 505 
 
1.4 
FX Rate Basket and Averaging Dates ......................................................................... 506 
 
1.5 
Administrator/Benchmark Event and non-Reference Dates  ...................................... 506 
2. 
Fallback Valuation Date ......................................................................................................... 507 
3. 
Corrections to Published and Displayed Rates ....................................................................... 507 
4. 
Successor Currency ................................................................................................................ 507 
5. 
Rebasing of Securities ............................................................................................................ 508 
6. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events ..................................................................... 508 
7. 
Changes to the FX Rate .......................................................................................................... 508 
8. 
Non-compliant Fallbacks ....................................................................................................... 508 
9. 
Definitions .............................................................................................................................. 509 
 
 
These FX Linked Provisions shall apply to Securities for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
these FX Linked Provisions are applicable. 
1 
Consequences of FX Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single FX Rate and Reference Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a Single FX Rate (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision 
shall apply to one or more particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such 
Reference Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that any Reference Date in respect 
of such FX Rate is an FX Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine such FX Rate 
on such Reference Date in accordance with the first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied in 
accordance with its terms).  
1.2 
FX Rate Basket and Reference Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of FX Rates (and if the Issue Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to one or more particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply 
to such Reference Dates only), and if the Calculation Agent determines that any Reference Date 
in respect of one or more of such FX Rates is an FX Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
for each FX Rate for which the Calculation Agent determines that such Reference Date 
is not an FX Disrupted Day, the FX Rate will be determined in respect of such Reference 
Date from the relevant FX Price Source; and 
(b) 
for each FX Rate for which the Calculation Agent determines that such Reference Date 
is an FX Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine such FX Rate on such 
Reference Date in accordance with the first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied in 
accordance with its terms). 
1.3 
Single FX Rate and Averaging Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a single FX Rate and:

--- Page 512 ---
FX Linked Provisions 
 
506 
 
(a) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Averaging Dates – Omission" is applicable, if 
the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is an FX Disrupted Day, then 
such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for the purposes 
of determining any amount payable under the Securities or making any other 
determination thereunder, provided that, if through the operation of this provision there 
would not be any Averaging Dates, then the final Averaging Date will be deemed to be 
the sole Averaging Date, and the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Rate on such 
sole Averaging Date in accordance with the first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied 
in accordance with its terms); or 
(b) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Averaging Dates – Omission" is not applicable, 
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is an FX Disrupted Day, 
then such Averaging Date will be deemed to be an Averaging Date notwithstanding that 
it is an FX Disrupted Day, and the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Rate on 
such Averaging Date in accordance with the first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied 
in accordance with its terms). 
1.4 
FX Rate Basket and Averaging Dates  
Where the Securities relate to a basket of FX Rates and: 
(a) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Averaging Dates - Omission" is applicable, if 
the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is an FX Disrupted Day, then: 
 
for each FX Rate for which the Calculation Agent determines that such Averaging 
Date is not an FX Disrupted Day, the FX Rate shall be determined in respect of 
such Averaging Date from the relevant FX Price Source; and 
 
for each FX Rate for which the Calculation Agent determines that such Averaging 
Date is an FX Disrupted Day, such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a 
relevant Averaging Date for the purposes of determining any amount payable 
under the Securities or making any other determination thereunder, provided that, 
if through the operation of this provision there would not be any Averaging Dates 
for such FX Rate, then the final Averaging Date will be deemed to be the sole 
Averaging Date for the relevant FX Rate and the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant FX Rate on such sole Averaging Date in accordance with 
the first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms); or 
(b) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Averaging Dates – Omission" is not applicable, 
if the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is an FX Disrupted Day, 
then such Averaging Date will be deemed to be an Averaging Date notwithstanding that 
it is an FX Disrupted Day, and: 
 
for each FX Rate for which the Calculation Agent determines that such Averaging 
Date is not an FX Disrupted Day, the FX Rate shall be determined in respect of 
such Averaging Date from the relevant FX Price Source; and 
 
for each FX Rate for which the Calculation Agent determines that such Averaging 
Date is an FX Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Rate 
on such Averaging Date in accordance with the first applicable Disruption 
Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms). 
1.5 
Administrator/Benchmark Event and non-Reference Dates  
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred or is 
in existence on any day in respect of the Securities that is not a Reference Date during the term 
of the Securities, the Calculation Agent may at any time determine that the Securities shall be 
redeemed, in which event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each 
Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General 
Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 
2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the 
event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted).

--- Page 513 ---
FX Linked Provisions 
 
507 
 
2 
Fallback Valuation Date 
Notwithstanding any other terms of these FX Linked Provisions, if a Fallback Valuation Date 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable to any Reference Date or Averaging 
Date (any such date, being a "Relevant Date") for an FX Rate, and if, following adjustment of 
such Relevant Date on account of the original date on which such Relevant Date is scheduled 
to fall not being an FX Business Day (for the purposes of this FX Linked Provision 2, an 
"Affected FX Rate") the Relevant Date would otherwise fall after the specified Fallback 
Valuation Date in respect of such Affected FX Rate, then such Fallback Valuation Date shall be 
deemed to be such Relevant Date for such Affected FX Rate.  
If such Fallback Valuation Date is not an FX Business Day or is an FX Disrupted Day in respect 
of such Affected FX Rate, as the case may be, then the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
good faith estimate of the value for such Affected FX Rate on such Fallback Valuation Date. 
3 
Corrections to Published and Displayed Rates 
(a) 
In any case where an FX Rate is based on information obtained from the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service (or such other successor service as may replace it for the purpose 
of displaying such information), or any other financial information service, the FX Rate 
will be subject to the corrections, if any, to that information subsequently displayed by 
that source within one hour of the time when such rate is first displayed by such source, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that it is not practicable to take 
into account such correction.  
(b) 
Notwithstanding FX Linked Provision 3(a) above, in any case where the FX Rate is based 
on information published or announced by any governmental authority in a relevant 
country, the FX Rate will be subject to the corrections, if any, to that information 
subsequently published or announced by that source within five days of the relevant 
Reference Date, Averaging Date or other relevant date unless the Calculation Agent 
determines in its discretion that it is not practicable to take into account such correction. 
4 
Successor Currency 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Successor Currency" is applicable in respect of an 
FX Rate, then: 
(a) 
each Reference Currency will be deemed to include any lawful successor currency to the 
Reference Currency (the "Successor Currency");  
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that on or after the Issue Date but on or before any 
relevant date under the Securities on which an amount may be payable, a country has 
lawfully eliminated, converted, redenominated or exchanged its currency in effect on the 
Issue Date or any Successor Currency, as the case may be (the "Original Currency") 
for a Successor Currency, then for the purposes of calculating any amounts of the 
Original Currency or effecting settlement thereof, any Original Currency amounts will 
be converted to the Successor Currency by multiplying the amount of Original Currency 
by a ratio of Successor Currency to Original Currency, which ratio will be calculated on 
the basis of the exchange rate set forth by the relevant country of the Original Currency 
for converting the Original Currency into the Successor Currency on the date on which 
the elimination, conversion, redenomination or exchange took place, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. If there is more than one such date, the date closest to such 
relevant date will be selected (or such other date as may be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion); 
(c) 
notwithstanding paragraph (b) above but subject to paragraph (d) below, the Calculation 
Agent may (to the extent permitted by the applicable law) select such other exchange 
rate or other basis for the conversion of an amount of the Original Currency to the 
Successor Currency and, will make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be 
appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement,

--- Page 514 ---
FX Linked Provisions 
 
508 
 
payment terms or any other terms in respect of the Securities to account for such 
elimination, conversion, redenomination or exchange of the Reference Currency; and 
(d) 
notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, with respect to any Reference Currency that 
is substituted or replaced by the euro, the consequences of such substitution or 
replacement will be determined in accordance with applicable law. 
Upon making any adjustment in accordance with paragraph (c) above, the Calculation Agent 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders stating the adjustment to any variable, 
calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms in respect of 
the Securities, as applicable, and/or any of the other relevant terms and giving brief details of 
the adjustment, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the 
adjustment or any action taken. 
5 
Rebasing of Securities 
(a) 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Rebasing" is applicable, then if, on or prior to 
any Reference Date or any other relevant date, the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain 
a value for an FX Rate (because the Reference Currency and/or Base Currency ceases to 
exist, or for any other reason other than a temporary disruption, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent), the Calculation Agent may rebase the Securities against another 
foreign exchange rate determined by the Calculation Agent to be a comparable foreign 
exchange rate. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that there is not such a comparable foreign exchange 
rate, the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer and the Holders that the relevant 
consequence shall be the early redemption of the Securities, in which case the Issuer 
shall redeem the Securities on the date specified in the notice for an amount equal to the 
Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided 
that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or 
Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in 
such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
6 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events 
Following the determination by the Calculation Agent that an Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion: 
(a) 
determine to make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other 
terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for 
such Additional Disruption Event; and/or 
(b) 
determine and give notice to Holders that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which 
event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by 
it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 37.1 
(Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early 
Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the 
event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
7 
Changes to the FX Rate 
If the methodology or formula for the FX Rate of any Securities or any other means of 
calculating the FX Rate is changed (irrespective of the materiality of any such change or 
changes), then for the avoidance of doubt references to the FX Rate in respect of such Securities 
shall remain as the FX Rate notwithstanding such changes. 
8 
Non-compliant Fallbacks 
Notwithstanding anything else in these FX Linked Provisions, if, in respect of the Securities, it 
(a) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation or (b) would 
contravene any applicable licensing requirements, in each case, for the Calculation Agent to 
determine the FX Rate or make any other determination in respect of the Securities which it

--- Page 515 ---
FX Linked Provisions 
 
509 
 
would otherwise be obliged to do so under these FX Linked Provisions (or it would be unlawful 
or would contravene those licensing requirements were a determination to be made at such 
time), then (where no other applicable provision in these FX Linked Provisions results in such 
determination being made) the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities shall be 
redeemed, in which event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each 
Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General 
Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 
2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the 
event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted). 
9 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Securities 
to which the FX Linked Provisions apply: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (a) a Change in Law, and, (b) if Hedging Disruption is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable, a Hedging Disruption. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" has the meaning given in General Condition 37.1 
(Definitions). 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Coupon Valuation Date, Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable), each date specified as such or 
otherwise determined as provided in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, in respect of such 
Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable), 
subject to any adjustment in accordance with the FX Business Day Convention. 
For the avoidance of doubt, references to Averaging Date or Averaging Dates shall be deemed 
to refer to Averaging Date or Averaging Dates in respect of the relevant Coupon Valuation Date, 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable) and shall not include 
Averaging Dates in respect of any other Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or Valuation Date. 
"Base Currency" means, the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (or, where 
the Securities relate to a basket of FX Rates, the currency specified in the column entitled "Base 
Currency" in the Reference Asset Table in the row corresponding to the relevant FX Rate). 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means, in respect of an FX Rate and any relevant day, 
that the FX Rate for such relevant day (or a method for determining the FX Rate) will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent taking into consideration all available information that it 
deems relevant. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date of the Securities (a) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), 
or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines that (x) it has, or it 
will, within the next 15 calendar days but on or prior to the Maturity Date, Redemption Date or 
Settlement Date, as is applicable to the Securities, become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of 
any relevant currency or assets, or (y) (if "Change in Law – Increased Cost" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost 
in performing its obligations in relation to the Securities (including, without limitation, due to 
any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, each date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms, subject to any adjustment in accordance with the FX Business Day 
Convention. 
"Currency-Reference Dealers" means, in respect of any relevant day, that the Calculation 
Agent will request each of the Reference Dealers to provide a quotation of its rate at which it 
will buy one unit of the Base Currency in units of the Reference Currency at the applicable FX 
Valuation Time on such relevant day. If, for any such rate, at least two quotations are provided,

--- Page 516 ---
FX Linked Provisions 
 
510 
 
the relevant rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are 
provided for any such rate, the relevant rate will be the arithmetic mean of the relevant rates 
quoted by major banks in the relevant market, selected by the Calculation Agent at or around 
the applicable FX Valuation Time on such relevant day.  
"Disruption Fallback" means, in respect of an FX Rate, Calculation Agent Determination, 
Currency-Reference Dealers or Fallback Reference Price. The applicable Disruption Fallback 
in respect of an FX Rate shall be as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and if two or more 
Disruption Fallbacks are specified, such Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order in which 
they are specified, such that if the Calculation Agent determines that the FX Rate cannot be 
determined by applying one Disruption Fallback, then the next Disruption Fallback specified 
shall apply, provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that the FX Rate cannot be 
determined by applying any of the applicable Disruption Fallbacks, the Calculation Agent may 
determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the Issuer will cause to be paid 
to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Payment 
Amount (as defined in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment 
Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 
applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be 
deleted). 
"Fallback Reference Price" means, in respect of any relevant day, that the Calculation Agent 
will determine the FX Rate on such relevant day on the basis of the exchange rate for one unit 
of the Base Currency in terms of the Reference Currency for such FX Rate, published by 
available recognised financial information vendors (as selected by the Calculation Agent) other 
than the applicable FX Price Source, at or around the applicable FX Valuation Time on such 
relevant day. 
"Fallback Valuation Date" means, in respect of any FX Rate, the date(s) specified as such in 
the relevant Issue Terms for any date specified in the relevant Issue Terms on which the FX 
Rate is required to be determined, or, if "Default Fallback Valuation Date" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, then the Fallback Valuation Date for any date on which the FX Rate is 
required to be determined shall be the second Business Day prior to the next following date 
upon which any payment or delivery of assets may have to be made by the Issuer by reference 
to the FX Rate on such day.  
"FX Business Day" means, in respect of an FX Rate, each day (other than Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in 
accordance with the practice of the foreign exchange market) in (a) the principal financial centre 
of the Reference Currency and (b) the FX Financial Centres (if any) specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, unless the relevant Issue Terms specify "Default FX Business Day" to be not 
applicable, in which case, paragraph (a) shall not apply. 
"FX Business Day Convention" means the convention for adjusting any Reference Date or 
other relevant date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not an FX Business Day. If the 
relevant Issue Terms specify, in respect of such Reference Date, Averaging Date or other date 
(any such date, being a "Relevant Date"), that: 
(a) 
"Following" shall apply to such Relevant Date, then if the Scheduled Reference Date, 
Scheduled Averaging Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date (any such 
scheduled date, being a "Scheduled Relevant Date") is not an FX Business Day, the 
Relevant Date will be the first following day that is an FX Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following" shall apply to such Relevant Date, then if the Scheduled Relevant 
Date is not an FX Business Day, the Relevant Date will be the first following day that is 
an FX Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is an FX Business Day; 
(c) 
"Nearest" shall apply to such Relevant Date, then if the Scheduled Relevant Date is not 
an FX Business Day, the Relevant Date will be (i) the first preceding day that is an FX 
Business Day if such date falls on a day other than a Sunday or Monday and (ii) the first

--- Page 517 ---
FX Linked Provisions 
 
511 
 
following day that is an FX Business Day if such date otherwise falls on a Sunday or 
Monday; 
(d) 
"Preceding" shall apply to such Relevant Date, then if the Scheduled Relevant Date is 
not an FX Business Day, the Relevant Date will be the first preceding day that is an FX 
Business Day; or 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" shall apply to such Relevant Date or other date, then if the Scheduled 
Relevant Date is not an FX Business Day, the Relevant Date will nonetheless be such 
Scheduled Relevant Date. 
If the relevant Issue Terms does not specify an applicable FX Business Day Convention, then it 
shall be deemed that "Following" shall apply.  
"FX Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an FX Rate, any day on which an FX Disruption 
Event in respect of such FX Rate occurs. 
"FX Disruption Event" means the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, of any Price Source Disruption and/or any Inconvertibility Event and/or any 
Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
"FX Financial Centres" means, in respect of each FX Rate, the financial centre(s) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
"FX Price Source" means, in respect of (a) a Share FX Rate and the Share of each Share Issuer 
set forth in the column entitled "Share Issuer" in the "FX Rate Table", the price source(s) 
specified in the column entitled "FX Price Source" for such FX Rate corresponding to such 
Share Issuer; or (b) an FX Rate other than a Share FX Rate, the price source(s) specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms (or, if the Securities relate to a basket of FX Rates, the price source(s) 
specified in the column entitled "FX Price Source" in the Reference Asset Table in the row 
corresponding to such FX Rate), or, in each case, if the relevant rate is not published or 
announced by such FX Price Source at the relevant time, the successor or alternative price 
source or page/publication for the relevant rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion. 
"FX Rate" means, if: 
(a) 
"Base Currency/Reference Currency Rate" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of any relevant day, the exchange rate (or, if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
mid exchange rate) of one currency for another currency expressed as a number of units 
of the Reference Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per unit of the Base Currency 
(and, if the relevant Issue Terms specify a Number of FX Settlement Days, for settlement 
in the Number of FX Settlement Days or, if the Number of FX Settlement Days is 
specified to be not applicable, for settlement on the same day, reported and/or calculated 
and/or published by the FX Rate Sponsor), which appears on the FX Price Source at 
approximately the applicable FX Valuation Time on such day;  
(b) 
"Fixing Rate" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of any relevant day and 
a Share, the official fixing rate of the FX Rate Sponsor, expressed as a number of units 
of the Share Currency of such Share (or fractional amounts thereof) per unit of the Base 
Currency, reported and/or calculated and/or published by the FX Rate Sponsor, which 
appears on the FX Price Source at approximately the applicable FX Valuation Time on 
such day; or 
(c) 
"Inverse Base Currency/Reference Currency Rate" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of any relevant day, the exchange rate (or, if specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, mid exchange rate) of one currency for another currency expressed as a 
number of units of the Base Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per unit of the 
Reference Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as the quotient of: 
 
one, divided by;

--- Page 518 ---
FX Linked Provisions 
 
512 
 
the exchange rate (or, if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, mid exchange rate) of one 
currency for another currency expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency 
(or fractional amounts thereof) per unit of the Base Currency (and, if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify a Number of FX Settlement Days, for settlement in the Number of FX 
Settlement Days or, if the Number of FX Settlement Days is specified to be not 
applicable, for settlement on the same day, reported and/or calculated and/or published 
by the FX Rate Sponsor), which appears on the FX Price Source at approximately the 
applicable FX Valuation Time on such day. 
"FX Rate (Qualifying Actual Transaction)" means, in respect of an FX Rate and any relevant 
time on any relevant day, the spot rate of one currency for another currency expressed as a 
number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) of such FX Rate per 
unit of the Base Currency of such FX Rate or, if "Inverse Base Currency/Reference Currency 
Rate" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, expressed as a number of units of the Base 
Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) of such FX Rate per unit of the Reference Currency of 
such FX Rate (such Reference Currency and Base Currency shall be the "Currency Pair" in 
respect of such FX Rate (Qualifying Actual Transaction)) at such time on such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to one or more Qualifying Actual 
Transactions. 
"FX Rate Sponsor" means, in respect of (a) a Share FX Rate and the Share of each Share Issuer 
set forth in the column entitled "Share Issuer" in the "FX Rate Table", the entity specified in the 
column entitled "FX Rate Sponsor" for such FX Rate corresponding to such Share Issuer; or (b) 
an FX Rate other than a Share FX Rate, the entity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
(or, where the Securities relate to a basket of FX Rates, the entity specified in the column entitled 
"FX Rate Sponsor" in the Reference Asset Table in the row corresponding to such FX Rate). 
"FX Valuation Date" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions. 
"FX Valuation Time" means, in respect of (a) a Share FX Rate and the Share of each Share 
Issuer set forth in the column entitled "Share Issuer" in the "FX Rate Table", such time in such 
place as specified in the column entitled "FX Valuation Time" corresponding to such Share 
Issuer; or (b) an FX Rate other than a Share FX Rate, such time in such place as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms (or, where the Securities relate to a basket of FX Rates, such time in such 
place as specified in the column entitled "FX Valuation Time" in the Reference Asset Table in 
the row corresponding to such FX Rate). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing 
and the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to or in connection with the relevant 
Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Inconvertibility Event" means, in respect of an FX Rate and any relevant day, the occurrence 
of an event which affects the convertibility of the relevant Reference Currency into the Base 
Currency. 
"Minimum Qualifying Actual Transaction Size" means, in respect of an FX Rate (Qualifying 
Actual Transaction), the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no such 
amount is specified, U.S.$ 1,000,000. 
"Number of FX Settlement Days" means such number of FX Business Days as is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of an FX Rate and an Observation Period, (i) each FX Business Day 
which is not an FX Disrupted Day for such FX Rate falling in the Observation Period, and (ii) 
each Specified Observation Date (Closing Valuation). Where "Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation)" means, in respect of an FX Rate and if specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, notwithstanding 
that such day may not be an FX Business Day or is an FX Disrupted Day for such FX Rate.

--- Page 519 ---
FX Linked Provisions 
 
513 
 
"Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of an FX Rate and an Observation Period, each day falling in the 
Observation Period.  
"Observation Period" means an Averaging Observation Period,  Barrier Observation Period, a 
Barrier Performance Observation Period, a Coupon Observation Period, a Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Observation Period, a Knock-In Observation Period, a Knock-In 
Performance Observation Period, Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period or an 
Observation Period (Drop Back) (each as defined in the Payout Conditions), as the case may be, 
provided that, if an Observation Period Cut-off Time is specified in the relevant Issue Terms in 
respect of such Observation Period, then the relevant Observation Period shall end on the 
Observation Period Cut-off Time on the last day of the relevant Observation Period. 
"Observation Period Cut-off Time" means the time (in the place specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Periodic Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
each case, subject to any adjustment in accordance with the FX Business Day Convention. 
"Price Source Disruption" means it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to obtain 
the FX Rate on any relevant day (or if different, the day on which rates for that day would, in 
the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant FX Price Source).  
"Qualifying Actual Transaction" means, in respect of an FX Rate (Qualifying Actual 
Transaction), a transaction in the foreign exchange markets involving the Currency Pair for such 
FX Rate (Qualifying Actual Transaction) (or cross-rates constituting the Currency Pair) and 
which:  
(a) 
the Calculation Agent can objectively verify from an electronic broker service, a voice 
broker service and/or transactions between foreign exchange dealers, in each case 
provided that (i) the Calculation Agent can objectively verify such transactions in a 
timely manner and (ii) any quotations, whether firm or indicative, obtained from a 
foreign exchange broker or dealer or a quotation screen or other information source that 
does not provide evidence of an actual transaction shall not constitute a Qualifying 
Actual Transaction;  
(b) 
is not a transaction between parties who are affiliates (even if such transactions are 
entered into at arm's length and in good faith) or who are not otherwise dealing at arm's 
length and/or who are otherwise not providing good faith fair market prices (to the 
knowledge of the Calculation Agent);  
(c) 
is a transaction which occurs during the Observation Period and from, and including, the 
Qualifying Actual Transaction Observation Start Time, on the Monday in a week to, and 
including, the Qualifying Actual Transaction Observation End Time, on the Friday in 
such week; and 
(d) 
is of a commercial size as determined by the Calculation Agent based on such factors as 
the Currency Pair (or cross-rates constituting the Currency Pair) and the then-current 
level of liquidity for transactions in the Currency Pair (or cross-rates constituting the 
Currency Pair) and, subject to such factors (and the proviso below), transactions of at 
least the Minimum Qualifying Actual Transaction Size (which could comprise two or 
more substantially contemporaneous transactions, and converted into the relevant 
currency) shall be deemed to be of a "commercial size", provided that the Calculation 
Agent may, in its discretion, refer to transactions of less than Minimum Qualifying 
Actual Transaction Size in illiquid markets or other extraordinary market circumstances. 
"Qualifying Actual Transaction Observation End Time" means the time specified as such in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Qualifying Actual Transaction Observation Start Time" means the time specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 520 ---
FX Linked Provisions 
 
514 
 
"Reference Currency" means, in respect of (a) a share FX Rate, the Share Currency or if no 
Share Currency is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the currency specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms; or (b) an FX Rate other than a Share FX Rate, the currency specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms (or, where the Securities relate to a basket of FX Rates, the 
currency specified in the column entitled "Reference Currency" in the row corresponding to 
such FX Rate). 
"Reference Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, each FX Initial Valuation Date, Coupon 
Valuation Date, Periodic Valuation Date or FX Valuation Date, in each case, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the FX Linked Provisions. 
"Reference Dealers" means, in respect of each FX Rate, four leading dealers in the relevant 
foreign exchange market, as determined by the Calculation Agent (or any other number of 
dealers as specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate and any Averaging Date, any 
original date that, but for such date not being an FX Business Day for such FX Rate, would have 
been such Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Reference Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate and any Reference Date, any 
original date that, but for such day not being an FX Business Day for such FX Rate, would have 
been such Reference Date. 
"Share Currency" has the meaning given in the Payout Conditions.

--- Page 521 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
515 
 
CREDIT LINKED PROVISIONS  
1. 
Provisions in respect of a Single Name CLN ....................................................................... 516 
 
1.1 
Specified Final Redemption Amount .............................................................. 516 
 
1.2 
Auction Settlement .......................................................................................... 516 
 
1.3. 
Cash Settlement ............................................................................................... 516 
 
1.4 
Zero Recovery ................................................................................................. 517 
 
1.5 
Potential Postponement of the Maturity Date .................................................. 517 
 
1.6 
Interest Provisions in respect of a Single Name CLN ..................................... 519 
2. 
Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Untranched CLN .................................................... 520 
 
2.1 
Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Credit Index Untranched CLN ..... 521 
 
2.2 
Interest Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Untranched CLN .................. 521 
3. 
Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Tranched CLN ....................................................... 523 
 
3.1 
Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Credit Index Tranched CLN ......... 523 
 
3.2 
Interest Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Tranched CLN ...................... 523 
 
3.3 
Definitions in respect of Credit Index Tranched CLNs ................................... 524 
4. 
Provisions in respect of Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index ......................... 525 
 
4.1 
Settlement of Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index ..................... 526 
 
4.2 
Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index ........................................... 526 
 
4.3 
Definitions in respect of Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index .... 527 
5. 
Method for Determining Obligations ................................................................................... 532 
6. 
Method for Determining Valuation Obligations .................................................................. 532 
7. 
Credit Event Notice after M(M)R Restructuring ................................................................. 534 
8. 
Timings and Requirements Regarding Notices .................................................................... 535 
9. 
Merger between Reference Entity and Issuer or Guarantor (if applicable) .......................... 536 
10. 
Inconsistency with determinations of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees . 536 
11. 
Effect of DC Resolutions ..................................................................................................... 536 
 
11.1 
Settlement Suspension ..................................................................................... 536 
 
11.2 
Effect of DC Resolutions ................................................................................ 537 
12. 
Calculation Agent ................................................................................................................ 537 
13. 
Definitions ........................................................................................................................... 538 
14. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations ............................. 577 
15. 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement .............................................................. 578 
16. 
Additional Provisions for Contingent Convertible (CoCo) Obligations .............................. 580 
 
These Credit Linked Provisions shall apply to Securities for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
these Credit Linked Provisions are applicable. Annex A and B to these Credit Linked Provisions do not 
form part of these Credit Linked Provisions. 
An issuance of Securities in respect of which the CLN Type, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, is 
specified to be: 
 
"Single Name CLN", shall be a "Single Name CLN";

--- Page 522 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
516 
 
 
"Credit Index (Untranched)", shall be a "Credit Index Untranched CLN"; and 
 
"Credit Index (Tranched)", shall be a "Credit Index Tranched CLN". 
1 
Provisions in respect of a Single Name CLN 
This Credit Linked Provision 1 (Provisions in respect of a Single Name CLN) shall apply in 
respect of any Single Name CLN. In the event of any inconsistency between the definitions and 
provisions of this Credit Linked Provision 1 (Provisions in respect of a Single Name CLN) and 
the remainder of the Credit Linked Provisions, in respect of a Single Name CLN, this Credit 
Linked Provision 1 (Provisions in respect of a Single Name CLN) shall govern. 
1.1 
Specified Final Redemption Amount 
Subject as provided below and in Credit Linked Provision 7 (Credit Event Notice after M(M)R 
Restructuring), if an Event Determination Date has not occurred, and unless previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with General Condition 29 (Purchase and 
Cancellation), each Security (of the Specified Denomination) shall be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date and, for the purposes of General Condition 5.2 (Final Redemption), the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of each Security (of the Specified Denomination) shall be an amount in the 
Specified Currency equal to the Specified Final Redemption Amount.  
1.2 
Auction Settlement 
Subject as provided below and in Credit Linked Provision 7 (Credit Event Notice after M(M)R 
Restructuring), if an Event Determination Date has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity 
and "Auction Settlement" is specified as the Settlement Method with respect to such Reference 
Entity in the relevant Issue Terms, Auction Settlement shall apply and, for the purposes of 
General Condition 5.2 (Final Redemption), the Final Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Security (of the Specified Denomination) shall be an amount in the Specified Currency, 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the product of (a) the Auction Final Price and (b) 
the Specified Denomination. 
If, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Credit Event: 
(a) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(b) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and, in circumstances where such No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraphs (b) or (c) of the definition of No 
Auction Announcement Date), the Calculation Agent has not exercised the Movement 
Option); 
(c) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or 
(d) 
an Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(i) of the 
definition of Event Determination Date or sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Non-
Standard Event Determination Date and, in either case, no Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date has occurred on or prior to the date falling three Business Days after such 
Event Determination Date, 
then the Fallback Settlement Method shall apply. 
If an Event Determination Date occurs and the Securities of a Single Name CLN become 
redeemable in accordance with the Conditions, upon payment of the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Securities, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in 
respect of the Securities and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in 
respect thereof. The Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Securities may be less 
than the original amount invested. 
1.3 
Cash Settlement

--- Page 523 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
517 
 
Subject as provided in Credit Linked Provision 7 (Credit Event Notice after M(M)R 
Restructuring), if an Event Determination Date has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity 
and "Cash Settlement" is specified as the Settlement Method with respect to such Reference 
Entity or "Cash Settlement" is deemed to be applicable with respect to such Reference Entity in 
accordance with Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction Settlement), Cash Settlement shall apply 
and for the purposes of General Condition 5.2 (Final Redemption), the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of each Security (of the Specified Denomination) shall be an amount in the 
Specified Currency, calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the product of (a) the Final 
Price and (b) the Specified Denomination. 
If an Event Determination Date occurs and the Securities of a Single Name CLN become 
redeemable in accordance with the Conditions, upon payment of the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Securities, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in 
respect of the Securities and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in 
respect thereof. The Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Securities may be less 
than the original amount invested. 
1.4 
Zero Recovery  
Notwithstanding Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction Settlement) and/or 1.3 (Cash Settlement) 
and subject as provided in Credit Linked Provision 7 (Credit Event Notice after M(M)R 
Restructuring), if an Event Determination Date has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity 
and "Zero Recovery" is specified as the Settlement Method with respect to such Reference 
Entity in the relevant Issue Terms, for the purposes of General Condition 5.2 (Final 
Redemption), the Final Redemption Amount in respect of each Security (of the Specified 
Denomination) shall be zero. 
If an Event Determination Date occurs and the Securities of a Single Name CLN become 
redeemable without payment in accordance with the Conditions, the Issuer shall have 
discharged its obligations in respect of the Securities and shall have no other liability or 
obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The Final Redemption Amount in respect of the 
Securities will be zero. 
1.5 
Potential Postponement of the Maturity Date 
(a) 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
If Repudiation/Moratorium is specified as a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity 
in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable), the provisions of this Credit 
Linked Provision 1.5(a) (Repudiation/Moratorium Extension) shall apply. 
Where an Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date but the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has been satisfied 
on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if sub-paragraph (b) of Credit Linked 
Provision 1.5(c) (Maturity Date Extension) applies, the Postponed Maturity Date and the 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation 
Date 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium will in the sole determination of the Calculation Agent fall after 
the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Postponed Maturity Date (as applicable), then the 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Holders in accordance with General Condition 31 
(Notices) that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and: 
 
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, and in the case of Securities that pay 
an Interest Amount, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay (i) the Interest Amount in 
respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date 
scheduled to fall on the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) additional interest 
calculated as provided herein on the basis of an additional Interest Period in 
respect of the Securities from, (and including), the Interest Payment Date 
scheduled to fall on the Scheduled Maturity Date to, (but excluding), the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date and determined by applying an 
overnight deposit rate determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and

--- Page 524 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
518 
 
absolute discretion from such source(s) as it may select for such day (and such 
rate shall be deemed to be the Rate of Interest in respect of such additional Interest 
Period for the purposes of calculating the relevant Interest Amount), but shall only 
be obliged to make such payment of interest on the third Business Day following 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (and such date shall be deemed to 
be an Interest Payment Date) and no further or other amount in respect of interest 
or such delay shall be payable; or 
 
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date and an Event Determination Date has 
occurred, the provisions of Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction Settlement) 
and/or 1.3 (Cash Settlement) or Credit Linked Provision 1.4 (Zero Recovery), as 
applicable, shall apply to the Securities. 
(b) 
Grace Period Extension 
If Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in respect of a Reference Entity in 
the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable), the provisions of this Credit 
Linked Provision 1.5(b) (Grace Period Extension) shall apply. 
Where an Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date but a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to one or more 
Obligation(s) in respect of which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (and such Grace Period(s) is/are continuing as at the Scheduled 
Maturity Date), then: 
 
where a Failure to Pay has not occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension 
Date, and in the case of Securities that pay an Interest Amount, the Issuer shall be 
obliged to pay (i) the Interest Amount in respect of the Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) the Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date and (ii) additional interest calculated as provided herein on the 
basis of an additional Interest Period in respect of the Securities from, (and 
including), the Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date to, (but excluding), the Grace Period Extension Date and determined by 
applying an overnight deposit rate determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion from such source(s) as it may select for such day (and 
such rate shall be deemed to be the Rate of Interest in respect of such additional 
Interest Period for the purposes of calculating the relevant Interest Amount) but 
shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the third Business Day 
following the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (and such date shall be 
deemed to be an Interest Payment Date) and no further or other amount in respect 
of interest or such delay shall be payable; or 
 
where a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension 
Date and an Event Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of Credit 
Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction Settlement) and/or 1.3 (Cash Settlement) or Credit 
Linked Provision 1.4 (Zero Recovery), as applicable, shall apply to the Securities. 
(c) 
Maturity Date Extension 
If: 
 
on 
(i) 
the 
Scheduled 
Maturity 
Date 
or 
(ii), 
if 
applicable, 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, or (iii) the Grace Period Extension 
Date, as the case may be, an Event Determination Date has not occurred but, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Credit Event may have occurred; or 
 
on the Scheduled Maturity Date, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may have occurred, 
the Calculation Agent shall notify the Holders in accordance with General Condition 31 
(Notices) that the Maturity Date has been postponed to a date (such date, the "Postponed

--- Page 525 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
519 
 
Maturity Date") specified in such notice falling 90 calendar days after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or the Grace Period 
Extension Date, as the case may be, or if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately 
succeeding Business Day and:  
(A) 
in respect of (i) above, if an Event Determination Date has not occurred 
on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date or, in respect of (ii) above, the 
Repudiation Moratorium Extension Condition is not satisfied on or prior 
to the Postponed Maturity Date, and in the case of Securities that pay an 
Interest Amount, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay (I) the Interest Amount 
in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest 
Payment Date scheduled to fall on the Scheduled Maturity Date and (II) 
additional interest calculated as provided herein on the basis of an 
additional Interest Period in respect of the Securities from, (and including), 
the Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or the Grace Period 
Extension Date, as the case may be, to, (but excluding) the Postponed 
Maturity Date and determined by applying an overnight deposit rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
from such source(s) as it may select for such day (and such rate shall be 
deemed to be the Rate of Interest in respect of such additional Interest 
Period for the purposes of calculating the relevant Interest Amount), but 
shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the Postponed 
Maturity Date (and such date shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment 
Date) and no further or other amount in respect of interest or such delay 
shall be payable; or 
(B) 
where: 
(1) 
in respect of (i) above, an Event Determination Date has occurred 
on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date, the provisions of Credit 
Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction Settlement) and/or 1.3 (Cash 
Settlement) or Credit Linked Provision 1.4 (Zero Recovery), as 
applicable, shall apply to the Securities; or 
(2) 
in respect of (ii) above, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Condition is satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date, 
and 
the 
provisions 
of 
Credit 
Linked 
Provision 
1.5(a) 
(Repudiation/Moratorium Extension) shall apply to the Securities. 
1.6 
Interest Provisions in respect of a Single Name CLN 
(a) 
General Condition 4 (Interest and other Calculations under the Notes) shall apply, 
subject as provided in this Credit Linked Provision 1.6, and interest will accrue on the 
Securities for each Interest Period, except that: 
 
the initial Interest Period will commence on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date; and 
 
the final Interest Period will (subject to Credit Linked Provision 1.5 (Potential 
Postponement of the Maturity Date)) end on, but exclude, the earlier to occur of: 
(A) 
the final Interest Period End Date; or 
(B) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Interest accrual up to Event 
Determination Date": 
(1) 
to be not applicable, the Interest Period End Date immediately 
preceding the final Event Determination Date; or 
(2) 
to be applicable, the final Event Determination Date,

--- Page 526 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
520 
 
provided that: 
 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Interest accrual up to Event Determination 
Date" to be not applicable and the final Event Determination Date falls prior to 
the first Interest Payment Date, no interest shall be payable in respect of the 
Securities; and  
 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Interest accrual up to Event Determination 
Date" to be applicable, if an Event Determination Date has occurred the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding such Event Determination Date shall be the 
final Interest Payment Date and the Interest Amount payable in respect of the final 
Interest Period shall be payable on the Maturity Date.  
(b) 
If the Securities are Fixed Rate Notes, each Security bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date.  
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Interest Period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the Rate of Interest by the Calculation Amount and multiplying the product 
by the Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure in accordance with General 
Condition 27 (Rounding). 
(c) 
Subject to Credit Linked Provision 1.5 (Potential Postponement of the Maturity Date), 
if the Securities are Floating Rate Notes and where ISDA Determination is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the "ISDA Rate" for the purposes of General Condition 4.2(b)(i) (ISDA Determination 
for Rate of Interest) in respect of any Interest Period that is longer or shorter than the 
Designated Maturity specified in the relevant Issue Terms shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent through the use of straight-line interpolation by reference to two 
Floating Rates that, in each case, would be determined by the Calculation Agent (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions based on the Floating Rate Option and 
Reset Date specified in the relevant Issue Terms, one of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined 
as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate (or any of the Floating Rates 
used to determine such ISDA Rate) cannot be determined in accordance with the ISDA 
Definitions read together with the above provisions, the value of the ISDA Rate (or 
relevant Floating Rate) for the relevant Interest Period shall be such rate as is determined 
by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having 
regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (c), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
2 
Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Untranched CLN 
This Credit Linked Provision 2 (Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Untranched CLN) shall 
apply in respect of any Credit Index Untranched CLN. In the event of any inconsistency between 
the definitions and provisions of this Credit Linked Provision 2 (Provisions in respect of a Credit 
Index Untranched CLN) and the remainder of the Credit Linked Provisions, in respect of a 
Credit Index Untranched CLN, this Credit Linked Provision 2 (Provisions in respect of a Credit 
Index Untranched CLN) shall govern.

--- Page 527 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
521 
 
2.1 
Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Credit Index Untranched CLN 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with General Condition 
29 (Purchase and Cancellation) and subject as provided below, the Issuer shall pay in respect 
of each Security (of the Specified Denomination) an amount in the Specified Currency on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (such amount, the "Redemption Amount") determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the Interest Bearing Amount in respect of the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, provided that if, in respect of the Scheduled Maturity Date, one or more Affected 
Reference Entities exist and the Notional Reduction Amount in respect of the Scheduled 
Maturity Date is greater than zero, then on each Additional Instalment Date (if any) an 
Additional Instalment shall be payable in addition to the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. No additional amount shall be payable in respect of the postponement 
of payment of an Additional Instalment to an Additional Instalment Date. 
For the purposes of General Condition 5.2 (Final Redemption) only: 
 
the final Additional Instalment (if any) payable on the final Additional Instalment Date; 
or, if no Additional Instalments are payable, 
 
the Redemption Amount payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
shall be deemed to be the Final Redemption Amount.  
2.2 
Interest Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Untranched CLN 
(a) 
Notwithstanding General Condition 4 (Interest and other Calculations under the Notes), 
unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with General 
Condition 29 (Purchase and Cancellation) and subject as provided below, in the case of 
Securities which are Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes the Issuer shall pay in 
respect of each Security (of the Specified Denomination) an amount in the Specified 
Currency on each Interest Payment Date (such amount, the "Interest Amount"), in 
respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such Interest Payment Date, 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula (and such 
Interest Amount shall be construed for the purposes of the General Conditions as an 
Interest Amount), and rounding the resultant figure in accordance with General 
Condition 27 (Rounding): 
Rate of Interest x Interest Bearing Amount x Day Count Fraction 
provided that, if in respect of an Interest Payment Date, (i) one or more Affected 
Reference Entities exist, and (ii) the Notional Reduction Amount in respect of such 
Interest Payment Date is greater than zero, as determined by the Calculation Agent, then 
on each relevant Additional Interest Payment Date an Additional Interest Amount (if 
any) shall be payable. No additional amount shall be payable in respect of the 
postponement of payment of an Additional Interest Amount to an Additional Interest 
Payment Date. 
If the Securities are redeemed prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and other than on an 
Interest Payment Date then there shall be no accrued amount payable in respect of the 
Securities (of the Specified Denomination) in respect of any Interest Amount. 
(b) 
Subject as provided in Credit Linked Provision 2.2(a) above, if the Securities are Floating 
Rate Notes and where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the "ISDA Rate" for the 
purposes of General Condition 4.2(b)(i) (ISDA Determination for Rate of Interest) in 
respect of any Interest Period that is longer or shorter than the Designated Maturity 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
through the use of straight-line interpolation by reference to two Floating Rates that, in 
each case, would be determined by the Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the ISDA Definitions based on the Floating Rate Option and Reset Date specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity

--- Page 528 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
522 
 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate (or any of the Floating Rates 
used to determine such ISDA Rate) cannot be determined in accordance with the ISDA 
Definitions read together with the above provisions, the value of the ISDA Rate (or 
relevant Floating Rate) for the relevant Interest Period shall be such rate as is determined 
by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having 
regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (b), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(c) 
Definitions in respect of Credit Index Untranched CLNs 
The following words and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of a 
Credit Index Untranched CLN: 
"Additional Interest Amount" means, in respect an Interest Payment Date, if a 
Determination Date occurs in respect of a Reference Entity that was an Affected 
Reference Entity in respect of such Interest Payment Date, an amount (which may be 
zero) in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
 
the Revised Interest Amount determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
the Adjustment Calculation Date in respect of such Interest Payment Date (the 
"Relevant Adjustment Calculation Date"); minus  
 
the Revised Interest Amount determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
the Adjustment Calculation Date immediately preceding such Relevant 
Adjustment Calculation Date, or, if no such preceding Adjustment Calculation 
Date has occurred, the Interest Amount relating to such Interest Payment Date.  
"Maturity Date" means, the Scheduled Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Following Business Day Convention, provided that, if: 
 
in respect of the Scheduled Maturity Date, one or more Affected Reference 
Entities exist and the Notional Reduction Amount in respect of the Scheduled 
Maturity Date is greater than zero, the Maturity Date shall be: 
(A) 
the third Business Day following the last occurring Determination Date in 
respect of any such Affected Reference Entity; or 
(B) 
if later, the final Additional Instalment Date; or 
 
in respect of an Interest Payment Date, no Undetermined Reference Entities exist 
and the Notional Reduction Amount in respect of such day is 100 per cent., the 
Maturity Date shall fall on such Interest Payment Date. 
If the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no additional amount shall 
be payable in respect of interest for the period from (and including) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date to (and including) the Maturity Date as a result thereof. 
"Notional Reduction Amount" means, in respect of any relevant day, a percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of such day as being equal to 
Accumulated Loss in respect of such day, subject to a maximum of 100 per cent. and a 
minimum of zero.

--- Page 529 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
523 
 
"Redemption Adjustment Calculation Date" means, in respect of a Reference Entity 
that was an Affected Reference Entity in respect of the Scheduled Maturity Date, the 
Determination Date in respect of such Reference Entity. 
3 
Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Tranched CLN 
This Credit Linked Provision 3 (Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Tranched CLN) shall 
apply in respect of any Credit Index Tranched CLN. In the event of any inconsistency between 
the definitions and provisions of this Credit Linked Provision 3 (Provisions in respect of a Credit 
Index Tranched CLN) and the remainder of the Credit Linked Provisions, in respect of a Credit 
Index Tranched CLN, this Credit Linked Provision 3 (Provisions in respect of a Credit Index 
Tranched CLN) shall govern. 
3.1 
Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Credit Index Tranched CLN 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with General Condition 
29 (Purchase and Cancellation), and subject as provided below, the Issuer shall pay in respect 
of each Security (of the Specified Denomination) an amount in the Specified Currency on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (such amount, the "Redemption Amount") determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with sub-paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) below (as applicable): 
 
if the Accumulated Loss in respect of the Final Interest Payment Date is less than or 
equal to the Lower Boundary, as determined by the Calculation Agent, an amount equal 
to the Specified Denomination; 
 
if the Accumulated Loss in respect of the Final Interest Payment Date is greater than the 
Lower Boundary but less than the Upper Boundary, an amount equal to the Interest 
Bearing Amount in respect of the Final Interest Payment Date; and 
 
if the Accumulated Loss in respect of the Final Interest Payment Date is equal to or 
greater than the Upper Boundary, zero, 
provided that if, in respect of the Final Interest Payment Date, one or more Affected Reference 
Entities exist and (1) the aggregate of the Triggered Reference Entity Losses in respect of each 
Triggered Reference Entity and the Final Interest Payment Date is less than the Upper 
Boundary; and (2) the Accumulated Loss is greater than the Lower Boundary, in each case as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, then on each Additional Instalment Date an Additional 
Instalment (if any) shall be payable in addition to the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. No additional amount shall be payable in respect of the postponement 
of payment of an Additional Instalment to an Additional Instalment Date. 
For the purposes of General Condition 5.2 (Final Redemption) only: 
 
the final Additional Instalment (if any) payable on the final Additional Instalment Date; 
or, if no Additional Instalments are payable, 
 
the Redemption Amount payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
shall be deemed to be the Final Redemption Amount.  
3.2 
Interest Provisions in respect of a Credit Index Tranched CLN 
(a) 
Notwithstanding General Condition 4 (Interest and other Calculations under the Notes), 
unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with General 
Condition 29 (Purchase and Cancellation) and subject as provided below, in the case of 
Securities which are Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes the Issuer shall pay in 
respect of each Security (of the Specified Denomination) an amount in the Specified 
Currency on each Interest Payment Date (such amount, the "Interest Amount"), in 
respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such Interest Payment Date, 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula (and such 
Interest Amount shall be construed for the purposes of the General Conditions as an

--- Page 530 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
524 
 
Interest Amount), and rounding the resultant figure in accordance with General 
Condition 27 (Rounding): 
Rate of Interest x Interest Bearing Amount x Day Count Fraction 
provided that: 
 
if in respect of an Interest Payment Date one or more Affected Reference Entities 
exist and (1) the aggregate of the Triggered Reference Entity Losses in respect of 
each Triggered Reference Entity and such Interest Payment Date is less than the 
Upper Boundary; and (2) the Accumulated Loss in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date is greater than the Lower Boundary, in each case as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, then on each relevant Additional Interest Payment Date an 
Additional Interest Amount (if any) shall be payable. No additional amount shall 
be payable in respect of the postponement of payment of an Additional Interest 
Amount to an Additional Interest Payment Date; and  
 
if, in respect of the first Interest Payment Date, the aggregate of the Triggered 
Reference Entity Losses in respect of each Triggered Reference Entity and such 
day is equal to or greater than the Upper Boundary, no Interest Amount shall be 
payable in respect of the Securities. 
If the Securities are redeemed prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and other than on an 
Interest Payment Date, then there shall be no accrued amount payable in respect of the 
Securities (of the Specified Denomination) in respect of any Interest Amount. 
(b) 
Subject as provided in Credit Linked Provision 3.2(a) above, if the Securities are Floating 
Rate Notes and where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the "ISDA Rate" for the 
purposes of General Condition 4.2(b)(i) (ISDA Determination for Rate of Interest) in 
respect of any Interest Period that is longer or shorter than the Designated Maturity 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
through the use of straight-line interpolation by reference to two Floating Rates that, in 
each case, would be determined by the Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the ISDA Definitions based on the Floating Rate Option and Reset Date specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate (or any of the Floating Rates 
used to determine such ISDA Rate) cannot be determined in accordance with the ISDA 
Definitions read together with the above provisions, the value of the ISDA Rate (or 
relevant Floating Rate) for the relevant Interest Period shall be such rate as is determined 
by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having 
regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (b), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
3.3 
Definitions in respect of Credit Index Tranched CLNs 
The following words and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of a Credit 
Index Tranched CLN: 
"Additional Interest Amount" means, in respect an Interest Payment Date, if a Determination 
Date occurs in respect of a Reference Entity that was an Affected Reference Entity in respect of

--- Page 531 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
525 
 
such Interest Payment Date, and the Accumulated Loss in respect of such Interest Payment Date 
was greater than the Lower Boundary, as determined by the Calculation Agent, an amount 
(which may be zero) in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
 
the Revised Interest Amount determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Adjustment Calculation Date in respect of such Interest Payment Date (the "Relevant 
Adjustment Calculation Date"); minus  
 
the Revised Interest Amount determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Adjustment Calculation Date immediately preceding such Relevant Adjustment 
Calculation Date, or, if no such preceding Adjustment Calculation Date has occurred, 
the Interest Amount relating to such Interest Payment Date.  
"Lower Boundary" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Maturity Date" means, the Scheduled Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Following Business Day Convention, provided that, if: 
 
in respect of the Scheduled Maturity Date, one or more Affected Reference Entities exist 
(each such Affected Reference Entity, a "Relevant Affected Reference Entity") and: 
(A) 
the aggregate of the Triggered Reference Entity Losses in respect of Triggered 
Reference Entities is less than the Upper Boundary; and 
(B) 
the Accumulated Loss is greater than the Lower Boundary, 
in each case, in respect of the Scheduled Maturity Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, the Maturity Date shall be the final Additional Instalment Date; or 
 
on the Cut-off Date relating to an Interest Payment Date other than the Final Interest 
Payment Date, the aggregate of the Triggered Reference Entity Losses in respect of 
Triggered Reference Entities in respect of such day is equal to or greater than the Upper 
Boundary, the Maturity Date shall fall on the Interest Payment Date to which such Cut-
off Date relates. 
If the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no additional amount shall be 
payable in respect of interest for the period from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date 
to (and including) the Maturity Date as a result thereof. 
"Notional Reduction Amount" means, in respect of any relevant day, a percentage determined 
by the Calculation Agent in respect of such day as being equal to the quotient of: 
 
(a) the Accumulated Loss in respect of such day minus (b) the Lower Boundary (as 
numerator); and  
 
the Tranche Size (as denominator), 
subject to a maximum of 100 per cent. and a minimum of zero. 
"Tranche Size" means the Upper Boundary minus the Lower Boundary. 
"Upper Boundary" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
4 
Provisions in respect of Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index  
This Credit Linked Provision 4 (Provisions in respect of Credit Linked Securities linked to a 
Credit Index) shall apply in respect of any Credit Index Tranched CLN or Credit Index 
Untranched CLN. In the event of any inconsistency between the definitions and provisions of 
this Credit Linked Provision 4 (Provisions in respect of Credit Linked Securities linked to a 
Credit Index) and Credit Linked Provision 13 (Definitions), in respect of any Credit Index 
Tranched CLN or Credit Index Untranched CLN, this Credit Linked Provision 4 (Provisions in 
respect of a Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index) shall govern.

--- Page 532 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
526 
 
4.1 
Settlement of Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index 
The Settlement Method in respect of any Credit Index Untranched CLN or a Credit Index 
Tranched CLN, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, shall be "Zero Recovery" or "Auction 
Settlement". 
If "Auction Settlement" is the Settlement Method in respect of a Credit Index Untranched CLN 
or a Credit Index Tranched CLN, as applicable, and, if, with respect to a Reference Entity and 
a Credit Event: 
(a) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(b) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and, in circumstances where such No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraphs (b) or (c) of the definition of No 
Auction Announcement Date), the Calculation Agent has not exercised the Movement 
Option); 
(c) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or 
(d) 
an Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(i) of the 
definition of Event Determination Date or sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Non-
Standard Event Determination Date and, in either case, no Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date has occurred on or prior to the date falling three Business Days after such 
Event Determination Date, 
then the Fallback Settlement Method shall apply and the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Final Price in respect of such Reference Entity in accordance with the definition set out in Credit 
Linked Provision 13 (Definitions). 
4.2 
Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index 
(a) 
The Securities relate to a basket of Reference Entities. Accordingly, there may be more 
than one Credit Event and more than one Event Determination Date and the Credit 
Linked Provisions should be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Credit Linked Provision 9 (Merger between Reference Entity and Issuer or Guarantor 
(if applicable)) shall not apply to the Securities. 
(c) 
The Index Annex will be deemed amended from time to time to reflect any modifications 
resulting from the application of the definitions of "Reference Obligation", "Standard 
Reference Obligation" and "Substitute Reference Obligation", in each case, as set out in 
Credit Linked Provision 13 (Definitions), the definition of the "Reference Obligation(s)" 
in this Credit Linked Provision 4.2(c), and/or the "Reference Entity" provision in Credit 
Linked Provision 4.3 below. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Credit Linked Provisions, the 
Calculation Agent may not deliver a Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice unless a 
notice has previously been delivered to the DC Secretary in accordance with the DC 
Rules requesting that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be 
convened to Resolve a DC Credit Event Question or one or more Successors to the 
relevant Reference Entity, as applicable, with respect to the facts described in such Credit 
Event Notice or Successor Event Notice, as applicable, and either: 
 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred; 
 
the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination; 
or 
 
the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the conditions convening the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve such matters 
have not been satisfied in accordance with the DC Rules.

--- Page 533 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
527 
 
Any Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice delivered in breach of the requirements 
within this provision shall be deemed not to have been delivered. 
4.3 
Definitions in respect of Credit Linked Securities linked to a Credit Index 
The following words and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of any Credit 
Index Tranched CLN or Credit Index Untranched CLN: 
"Accumulated Loss" means, in respect of any relevant day, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of such day as being equal to the sum of (i) the aggregate of the 
Reference Entity Weightings in respect of each Reference Entity which is an Affected Reference 
Entity and (ii) the aggregate of all Triggered Reference Entity Losses in respect of Triggered 
Reference Entities, in each case, in respect of such day. 
"Additional Instalment" means, in respect of a Reference Entity that was an Affected 
Reference Entity in respect of the Final Interest Payment Date, an amount (which may be zero) 
in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
 
the Revised Interest Bearing Amount calculated in respect of the Redemption 
Adjustment Calculation Date in respect of such Reference Entity (the "Relevant 
Redemption Adjustment Calculation Date"); minus  
 
the Revised Interest Bearing Amount calculated in respect of the Redemption 
Adjustment Calculation Date immediately preceding such Relevant Redemption 
Adjustment Calculation Date, or if no such Redemption Adjustment Calculation Date 
has occurred, the Redemption Amount.  
"Additional Instalment Date" means, in respect of a Reference Entity that was an Affected 
Reference Entity in respect of the Final Interest Payment Date, the day falling five Business 
Days after the Redemption Adjustment Calculation Date (if any) in respect of such Reference 
Entity. 
"Additional Interest Payment Date" means, in respect of a Reference Entity that was an 
Affected Reference Entity in respect of an Interest Payment Date (the "Relevant Interest 
Payment Date") either: 
 
where the Relevant Interest Payment Date is not the Final Interest Payment Date, the 
Interest Payment Date immediately following the Relevant Interest Payment Date; or 
 
where the Relevant Interest Payment Date is the Final Interest Payment Date, the day 
falling five Business Days after the Determination Date (if any) in respect of such 
Reference Entity. 
"Adjustment Calculation Date" means, in respect of a Reference Entity that was an Affected 
Reference Entity in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Determination Date in respect of 
such Reference Entity. 
"Affected Reference Entity" means, with respect to a Specified Payment Date and a Reference 
Entity, a Reference Entity that either: 
 
was an Undetermined Reference Entity in respect of the Cut-off Date relating to that 
Specified Payment Date; or  
 
in respect of which a Deferral Notice has been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer at any time during the Deferral Notice Delivery Period in respect of such Specified 
Payment Date, 
and, in each case, no Determination Date has occurred in respect thereof. 
"Annex Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 534 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
528 
 
"Applicable Auction" means an Auction which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to 
a Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity and Obligations thereof. 
"Applicable Auction Final Price" means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, the price 
(expressed as a percentage) determined to be the Auction Final Price in accordance with the 
Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. The Calculation Agent shall notify 
the Issuer, as soon as practicable after the publication of the Auction Final Price in respect of an 
Applicable Auction, of the related Applicable Auction Final Price.  
"Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means, with respect to an 
Applicable Auction, the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (if any) published in 
respect of such Applicable Auction, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Applicable Event Determination Date" means, in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, 
an Event Determination Date that occurs on or before the Latest Potential Event Determination 
Date with respect to such Reference Entity and for which the related Credit Event occurred on 
or after the Credit Event Backstop Date in respect of such Reference Entity. 
"Applicable Request" means a notice to ISDA, delivered in accordance with the Rules, 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to resolve matters 
relating to whether a Credit Event has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity or an 
Obligation thereof. 
"Applicable Resolution" means a DC Resolution in respect of an Applicable Request. 
"Credit Index" means the index specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Credit Position" means, subject to the other provisions hereof, in respect of each Reference 
Entity, its proportion of the nominal amount outstanding of the Securities, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the Reference Entity Weighting in respect of such Reference 
Entity, provided that if further Securities are issued which form a single Series with the 
Securities, the Credit Position in respect of each Reference Entity will be increased pro rata to 
the aggregate nominal amount of such further Securities and if Securities are repurchased and 
cancelled, the Credit Position in respect of each Reference Entity will be reduced pro rata. 
"Cut-off Date" means, in respect of any date, the third Business Day preceding such date.  
"Deferral Notice" means, in respect of a Reference Entity and a Specified Payment Date, a 
notice delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer at any time during the Deferral Notice 
Delivery Period in respect of such Specified Payment Date, stating that: 
 
the Calculation Agent has determined (in its sole and absolute discretion) that an 
Applicable Request has been made after 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the Cut-off Date 
relating to such Specified Payment Date in respect of such Reference Entity or, where 
the Interest Payment Date is the Final Interest Payment Date, the Cut-Off Date in respect 
of the Credit Observation End Date; or 
 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, a Credit Event may have 
occurred in respect of such Reference Entity. 
"Deferral Notice Delivery Period" means, in respect of any date, the period from (and 
including) 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the Cut-off Date relating to such date (or, where such 
date is the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Cut-off Date relating to the Credit Observation End 
Date) to (but excluding) such date. 
"Determination Date" means, in respect of a Reference Entity that was an Affected Reference 
Entity in respect of a Specified Payment Date: 
 
where no Applicable Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of such 
Reference Entity, the Latest Potential Event Determination Date in respect of such 
Reference Entity, provided that at any time prior to the occurrence of an Applicable 
Event Determination Date in respect of such Reference Entity the Issuer may designate

--- Page 535 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
529 
 
a day falling prior to the Latest Potential Event Determination in respect of such 
Reference Entity as the Determination Date in respect of such Reference Entity for 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (i); and 
 
where an Applicable Event Determination Date has occurred, the earlier of: 
(A) 
where (1) "Zero Recovery" is specified as the applicable Settlement Method, such 
Applicable Event Determination Date, or (2) "Auction Settlement" is specified as 
the applicable Settlement Method, the date (if any) on which the Final Price or 
Applicable Auction Final Price, as applicable, is determined in respect of such 
Reference Entity, provided that, in each case, such date is not also a date on which 
the DC Secretary makes a public announcement as described in subparagraph (B) 
below; and 
(B) 
the date (if any) on which the DC Secretary subsequently makes a public 
announcement that an Applicable Resolution has resolved that the Credit Event 
to which such Event Determination Date relates has not occurred. 
"Effective Date" means the Roll Date in respect of the Credit Index as set out and defined in 
the Index Annex. 
"Final Interest Payment Date" means the Interest Payment Date falling on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date.  
"Index Annex" means the list for the Credit Index with the relevant Annex Date, as published 
by the Index Publisher (which can be accessed at http://www.markit.com or any successor 
website thereto or such other data provider as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms).  
"Index Publisher" means the entity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or any 
replacement therefor appointed by the Index Sponsor for the purposes of officially publishing 
the Index. 
"Index Sponsor" means the entity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Interest Bearing Amount" means, in respect of a Specified Payment Date, an amount in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the product of (i) the 
Specified Denomination and (ii) 100 per cent. minus the Notional Reduction Amount in respect 
of such Specified Payment Date. 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) one Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, except that: 
 
the initial Interest Period will commence on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date; and 
 
the final Interest Period will end on, and exclude: 
(A) 
the Final Interest Payment Date; or,  
(B) 
if on an Interest Payment Date, no Undetermined Reference Entities exist and the 
Notional Reduction Amount in respect of such day is 100 per cent., such Interest 
Payment Date, 
provided that, the case of (ii)(B) above, if such Interest Payment Date is the first Interest 
Payment Date, no interest shall be payable in respect of the Securities. 
"Latest Potential Event Determination Date" means, in respect of an Affected Reference 
Entity and:  
 
each Interest Payment Date other than the Final Interest Payment Date, the Interest 
Payment Date immediately succeeding such Interest Payment Date; and  
 
the Final Interest Payment Date:

--- Page 536 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
530 
 
(A) 
the Extension Date in respect of such Reference Entity; or, if later  
(B) 
if, in respect of such Final Interest Payment Date, a Deferral Notice has been 
delivered, the date falling 90 calendar days after the Credit Observation End Date. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the period from (and 
including) the Trade Date, to (and including) the day that is 14 calendar days after the Extension 
Date in respect of such Reference Entity. 
"Redemption Adjustment Calculation Date" means, in respect of a Reference Entity that was 
an Affected Reference Entity in respect of the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Determination Date 
in respect of such Reference Entity. 
"Reference Entity" means each of the relevant reference entities contained in the Credit Index 
and listed in the Index Annex, and any Successor to a Reference Entity either: 
 
if the "Type of Index" for the Credit Index is specified as "Euro Credit Index" in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of which the DC Secretary publicly announces on or following the 
earlier of the Effective Date and the Trade Date that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved, in respect of a Successor 
Resolution Request Date, a Successor in accordance with the DC Rules; or  
(B) 
in the event the DC Secretary does not make such an announcement, identified 
by the Index Sponsor on or following the earlier of the Effective Date and the 
Trade Date; or 
 
if the "Type of Index" for the Credit Index is specified as "NA Credit Index" in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
(A) 
identified by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the definition of "Successor" on 
or following the Trade Date; or 
(B) 
unless already reflected in the Index Annex, identified pursuant to a DC 
Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date and publicly 
announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Effective Date of the Index, 
as set forth in the Index Annex, 
in each case, with effect from the relevant Succession Date. 
"Reference Entity Weighting" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the weighting of such 
Reference Entity for the purposes of the Credit Index as specified in the Index Annex, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reference Obligation" means, without prejudice to the definition of "Reference Obligation" 
in Credit Linked Provision 13 (Definitions), the Reference Obligation (if any) set out opposite 
the relevant Reference Entity in the Index Annex, provided that, if the Credit Index is a Euro 
Credit Index, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if there is no Standard Reference 
Obligation in respect of a Reference Entity and the Index Sponsor publishes a replacement 
Reference Obligation in respect of such a Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent will select 
such Reference Obligation as the Reference Obligation hereunder in respect of such Reference 
Entity rather than applying the provisions of the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" 
in Credit Linked Provision 13 (Definitions). 
"Revised Interest Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date and any related 
Adjustment Calculation Date, the Interest Amount that would have been payable in respect of 
such Interest Payment Date if the Notional Reduction Amount were recalculated by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of such Interest Payment Date but with the Calculation Agent 
making such calculation on the basis that in respect of each Reference Entity that was an 
Affected Reference Entity in respect of such Interest Payment Date for which a Determination 
Date has occurred on or prior to such Adjustment Calculation Date, either:

--- Page 537 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
531 
 
 
where such Determination Date arises as a result of: 
(A) 
where "Zero Recovery" is specified as the applicable Settlement Method, an 
Applicable Event Determination Date, such Reference Entity is treated as having 
been a Triggered Reference Entity on such date; or 
(B) 
where "Auction Settlement" is specified as the applicable Settlement Method, an 
Applicable Auction Final Price or a Final Price (as applicable) having been 
determined in relation to a Credit Event in respect of such Reference Entity, such 
Reference Entity is treated as having been a Triggered Reference Entity on such 
date and using the Applicable Auction Final Price or the Final Price, as applicable, 
that was determined for the purposes of determining the related Triggered 
Reference Entity Losses; or 
 
otherwise, such Reference Entity is treated as having been neither an Affected Reference 
Entity nor a Triggered Reference Entity. 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Revised Interest Amount based on a determination 
of it of the recalculated Notional Reduction Amount.  
"Revised Interest Bearing Amount" means, in respect of a Redemption Adjustment 
Calculation Date, the Redemption Amount that would have been payable on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date if the Notional Reduction Amount were recalculated by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of the Scheduled Maturity Date but with the Calculation Agent making such calculation 
on the basis that in respect of each Reference Entity that was an Affected Reference Entity in 
respect of the Scheduled Maturity Date for which a Determination Date has occurred on or prior 
to such Redemption Adjustment Calculation Date, either: 
 
where such Determination Date arises as a result of: 
(A) 
where "Zero Recovery" is specified as the applicable Settlement Method, an 
Applicable Event Determination Date, such Reference Entity is treated as having 
been a Triggered Reference Entity on such date; or 
(B) 
where "Auction Settlement" is specified as the applicable Settlement Method, an 
Applicable Auction Final Price or a Final Price (as applicable) having been 
determined in relation to a Credit Event in respect of such Reference Entity, such 
Reference Entity is treated as having been a Triggered Reference Entity on such 
date and using the Applicable Auction Final Price or the Final Price, as applicable, 
that was determined for the purposes of determining the related Triggered 
Reference Entity Losses; or 
 
otherwise, such Reference Entity is treated as having been neither an Affected Reference 
Entity nor a Triggered Reference Entity. 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Revised Interest Bearing Amount based on a 
determination by the Calculation Agent of the recalculated Notional Reduction Amount. 
"Specified Payment Date" means each Interest Payment Date (if any) and the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
"Transaction Type" means, in respect of each Reference Entity, as set out opposite the relevant 
Reference Entity in the Index Annex. 
"Triggered Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity in respect of which an Event 
Determination Date has occurred and, if "Auction Recovery" is specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method, the Applicable Auction Final Price or Final Price (as applicable) in respect 
of such Reference Entity has been determined.  
"Triggered Reference Entity Loss" means, in respect of a Triggered Reference Entity and any 
relevant day, where:

--- Page 538 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
532 
 
 
"Zero Recovery" is specified as the applicable Settlement Method, the Reference Entity 
Weighting in respect of such Triggered Reference Entity; or 
 
"Auction Recovery" is specified as the applicable Settlement Method: 
(A) 
if the Applicable Auction Final Price has been determined on or prior to such day, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent as equal to the product of (i) the Reference Entity Weighting 
and (ii) 100 per cent. minus the Applicable Auction Final Price, in each case, in 
respect of such Triggered Reference Entity; or  
(B) 
if no Applicable Auction Final Price has been determined on or prior to such day 
in respect of such Triggered Reference Entity but a Final Price has been 
determined on or prior to such day in respect of such Triggered Reference Entity, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent as equal to the product of (i) the Reference Entity Weighting 
and (ii) 100 per cent. minus the Final Price, in each case, in respect of such 
Triggered Reference Entity. 
"Undetermined Reference Entity" means, in respect of a day, a Reference Entity in respect of 
which: 
 
an Applicable Request has been made for which there has not been an Applicable 
Resolution and no Determination Date has occurred in respect thereof; or 
 
where "Auction Recovery" is specified as the applicable Settlement Method, an Event 
Determination Date has occurred on or prior to that day (and such Event Determination 
Date has not been reversed or otherwise deemed not to have occurred on or prior to such 
day in accordance with the Credit Linked Provisions) and no Final Price or Applicable 
Auction Final Price, as applicable, has been determined in respect of the Credit Event in 
respect of such Event Determination Date. 
5 
Method for Determining Obligations 
(a) 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Obligation, the term 
"Obligation" may be defined as each obligation of a Reference Entity described by the 
Obligation Category specified as being applicable in the relevant Standard, and having 
each of the Obligation Characteristics (if any) specified in the relevant Standard, in each 
case, immediately prior to the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event 
Notice or the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, as applicable. 
(b) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is 
specified as being applicable in the Standard, the relevant Issue Terms shall be construed 
as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had been specified as an Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
6 
Method for Determining Valuation Obligations 
(a) 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Valuation Obligation, the term 
"Valuation Obligation" may be defined as each obligation of a Reference Entity 
described by the Valuation Obligation Category as being applicable in the Standard and 
subject to below, having each of the Valuation Obligation Characteristics, if any, 
specified as being applicable in the Standard, in each case, as of the Valuation Date. 
(b) 
If (i) any of the Valuation Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance" 
or "Not Bearer" are specified as being applicable in the Standard, the relevant Issue 
Terms shall be construed as though such Valuation Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as a Valuation Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds, (ii) the 
Valuation Obligation Characteristic "Transferable" is specified as being applicable in the 
Standard, the relevant Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Valuation 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Valuation Obligation Characteristic

--- Page 539 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
533 
 
only with respect to Valuation Obligations that are not Loans, or (iii) any of the Valuation 
Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" or "Direct Loan 
Participation" is specified as being applicable in the Standard, the relevant Issue Terms 
shall be construed as though such Valuation Obligation Characteristic had been specified 
as a Valuation Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans. 
(c) 
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan 
Participation" are specified as Valuation Obligation Characteristics in the Standard, the 
Valuation Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Valuation 
Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Valuation Obligation 
Characteristics. 
(d) 
If an Obligation or a Valuation Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will 
apply: 
 
For purposes of the application of the "Obligation Category" or the "Valuation 
Obligation Category", the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same 
category or categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Valuation 
Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying 
Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable 
Obligation Characteristics or Valuation Obligation Characteristics, if any, 
specified in the Standard from the following list: "Not Subordinated", "Specified 
Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", "Not Domestic Currency" and "Not 
Domestic Law"; 
 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Valuation 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the 
relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or 
Valuation Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the Standard from the 
following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", "Transferable", "Maximum 
Maturity", "Accelerated" or "Matured", and "Not Bearer"; and 
 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Valuation 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the 
Reference Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(e) 
For purposes of the application of the Valuation Obligation Characteristic "Maximum 
Maturity", remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the 
Valuation Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case 
of a Valuation Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(f) 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
being applicable in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable), if an 
obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or Valuation 
Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect 
at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations 
to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute 
a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such 
Obligation Characteristic or Valuation Obligation Characteristic. 
(g) 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Valuation Obligation Characteristics 
and the requirements specified in sub-paragraphs (i) and (j) below in respect of a Prior 
Valuation Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such determination shall be 
made by reference to the terms of the relevant obligation in effect immediately prior to 
the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(h) 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as being applicable in the 
Standard, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the "Maximum Maturity" Valuation

--- Page 540 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
534 
 
Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in such 
obligation shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such Valuation Obligation Characteristic. 
(i) 
If, for the purpose of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Restructuring has occurred, 
"Mod R" is specified as being applicable in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as 
applicable), and Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, 
then unless the Valuation Obligation is a Prior Valuation Obligation and Asset Package 
Valuation applies due to a Governmental Intervention, the Valuation Obligation may 
only be an obligation which, as determined by the Calculation Agent (in its sole 
discretion) , (A) is a Fully Transferable Obligation and (B) has a final maturity date not 
later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of the 
Valuation Date. 
(j) 
If, for the purpose of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Restructuring has occurred, 
"Mod Mod R" is specified as being applicable in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms 
(as applicable), and Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event 
Notice, then unless the Valuation Obligation is a Prior Valuation Obligation and Asset 
Package Valuation applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Valuation Obligation 
may only be an obligation which, as determined by the Calculation Agent (in its sole 
discretion), (A) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (B) has a final maturity 
date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in 
each case, as of the Valuation Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (j), in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity date 
on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan 
shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity date of 
such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
(k) 
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to sub-paragraphs (i) and (j) above, 
the final maturity date shall, subject to sub-paragraph (j) above, be determined on the 
basis of the terms of the Valuation Obligation in effect at the time of making such 
determination and, in the case of a Valuation Obligation that is due and payable, the final 
maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which such determination is made. 
(l) 
In selecting any Valuation Obligations hereunder, the Calculation Agent is under no 
obligation to the Holders or any other person and, provided that the obligation selected 
meets the criteria in the definition of "Valuation Obligation", is entitled, and indeed will 
endeavour, to select obligations with the lowest price of any obligations which meet such 
criteria, but will not be liable to any person if a lower price is obtained as a result of that 
selection than would have been obtained if a different selection had been made, or for 
any other consequence of the relevant selection. In making any selection, the Calculation 
Agent will not be liable to account to the Holders or any other person for any profit or 
other benefit to it or any of its affiliates which may result directly or indirectly from any 
such selection. 
7 
Credit Event Notice after M(M)R Restructuring 
(a) 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity 
(other than where, following the associated Event Determination Date, the Remaining 
Credit Position of such Reference Entity is greater than zero) and subject as provided in 
the definition of "Credit Event", no further Event Determination Date, Potential Failure 
to Pay or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may occur with respect to such Reference 
Entity. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date relating only to an M(M)R 
Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent may deliver 
multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to a Reference Entity that has been subject to 
an Event Determination Date relating only to an M(M)R Restructuring, each such Credit 
Event Notice that relates only to an M(M)R Restructuring specifying the relevant portion 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion) of the Credit Position of 
the Reference Entity to which such Credit Event Notice applies (the "Exercise 
Amount").

--- Page 541 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
535 
 
Where the Credit Event Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount, the entire Credit 
Position (or, as the case may be, Remaining Credit Position) will be deemed to have been 
specified as the Exercise Amount. 
(c) 
Such Reference Entity shall be treated as a separate Defaulted Credit in respect of each 
relevant Exercise Amount and all provisions related to the calculation of principal and 
interest payable under the Securities shall be construed accordingly. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of these Credit Linked Provisions: 
 
where the Securities provide that following the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date (and satisfaction of any conditions related thereto) the Final 
Redemption Amount shall become due, the Final Redemption Amount shall not 
become due following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date relating 
only to an M(M)R Restructuring except for in respect of any Exercise Amount(s) 
specified (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the payment of such Final Redemption 
Amount shall be deemed to be a payment of principal and not interest); and 
 
once a Credit Event Notice relating only to an M(M)R Restructuring has been 
given in respect of a Reference Entity, any determination relating to any change 
or potential change in the amount(s) or timing(s) of interest and/or principal 
payable in respect of the Securities, in relation to any Credit Event for which any 
Exercise Amount has been specified, shall only be in respect of any relevant 
Exercise Amount(s) specified as of the relevant date of determination, and 
otherwise shall be in respect of the entire Remaining Credit Position. For any 
Defaulted Credit in respect of which an Exercise Amount was not specified as of 
the relevant date of determination of such Defaulted Credit, after any relevant 
Exercise Amount is specified, the Remaining Credit Position shall be reduced 
accordingly and the provisions otherwise applicable in respect of such Defaulted 
Credit shall continue to apply to the extent of any Remaining Credit Position 
following such reduction. 
(e) 
As used herein, "Remaining Credit Position" means, in respect of each Reference 
Entity in respect of which M(M)R Restructuring is specified as being applicable, at any 
time, the initial Credit Position of such Reference Entity, less the aggregate of all 
Exercise Amounts (if any) in respect of such Reference Entity. For all the purposes 
hereof, insofar as the Remaining Credit Position of any Reference Entity in respect of 
which M(M)R Restructuring is specified as being applicable is, at any time, greater than 
zero, such Reference Entity shall be treated as a non-Defaulted Credit. 
8 
Timings and Requirements Regarding Notices 
(a) 
Subject as provided in the following paragraph, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
day on which an event occurs for the purposes of these Credit Linked Provisions on the 
basis of the demarcation of days made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the 
Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of 
the time zone in which such event occurred. Any event occurring after midnight shall be 
deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing paragraph or the definition of "Credit Event Notice", if a 
payment is not made by a Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the 
final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be 
deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the 
Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of 
the time zone of its place of payment. 
(c) 
Certain determinations made by the Calculation Agent hereunder relate to the 
applicability of certain ISDA or ISDA committee determinations, announcements, 
resolutions or other actions (each an "ISDA Determination") to the Securities. Unless 
otherwise expressly stated herein, any dates and timings hereunder that are determined 
on the basis of the relevant dates and timings of any applicable ISDA Determination shall

--- Page 542 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
536 
 
not be affected by any delay in the determination by the Calculation Agent that such 
ISDA Determination is applicable, but shall be determined on the basis of the relevant 
dates and timings of such applicable ISDA Determination without regard to any such 
delay. Unless the context otherwise requires, any capitalised term that is used and defined 
herein that is also defined for purposes of an applicable ISDA Determination shall, where 
used in connection with such ISDA Determination, have the meaning given to such term 
for purposes of such ISDA Determination but shall also relate to the corresponding term 
as defined herein. 
(d) 
Any notice or other communication given by one party to any other party must be in 
writing (including by facsimile or email) or by telephone, and will be subject to the 
requirements set forth in (e) or (f) below. 
(e) 
A notice delivered on or prior to 4.00 p.m. (Calculation Agent City time) on a Calculation 
Agent City Business Day will be effective on such day. A notice delivered after 4.00 
p.m. (Calculation Agent City time) on Calculation Agent City Business Day will be 
deemed effective on the next following Calculation Agent City Business Day, regardless 
of the form in which it is delivered. 
(f) 
For purposes of sub-paragraph (d) above, a notice given by telephone will be deemed to 
have been delivered at the time the telephone conversation takes place. If the notice is 
delivered by telephone, a written confirmation of such notice will be executed and 
delivered confirming the substance of such notice within one Calculation Agent City 
Business Day of such notice. Failure to provide that written confirmation shall not affect 
the effectiveness of a notice given by telephone.  
9 
Merger between Reference Entity and Issuer or Guarantor (if applicable) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that at any time during the period from (and including) the 
Trade Date to (but excluding) the Credit Observation End Date: 
(a) 
the Issuer or a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or 
transfers all or substantially all of its assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as applicable; or 
(b) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) and the Reference Entity become affiliates, 
then, in each case, the Calculation Agent may (in its sole and absolute discretion but shall not 
be obliged to) notify the Holders in accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices) that each 
Security (of the Specified Denomination) shall be redeemed by the Issuer at the Early Payment 
Amount on the third Business Day following the date of such notice. 
10 
Inconsistency with determinations of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
If any determination by the Calculation Agent is overruled by a decision of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees (a "Committee Determination") within 90 calendar 
days of such Calculation Agent's determination, provided that such Committee Determination 
is made at least five Business Days before the Maturity Date, the Calculation Agent's 
determination shall be substituted by the Committee Determination on and from the date of such 
determination and the Calculation Agent shall, within a reasonable time period, make all 
necessary amendments to the terms of the Securities or undertake all necessary actions to give 
effect to the adoption of the Committee Determination. 
11 
Effect of DC Resolutions 
11.1 
Settlement Suspension 
If, following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date but prior to a Valuation Date, there 
is a DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, the timing requirements contained in the 
definition of Valuation Date or any other provision of these Credit Linked Provisions or the 
General Conditions that pertains to settlement, shall toll and remain suspended until the date of 
the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal. During

--- Page 543 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
537 
 
such suspension period, the Calculation Agent is not obliged to, nor is it entitled to, take any 
action in connection with the settlement of any Defaulted Credit. Once the relevant DC Credit 
Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, as applicable, has occurred, the 
relevant timing requirements of the definition of Valuation Date, or any other provision of these 
Credit Linked Provisions or the General Conditions that pertains to settlement that have 
previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on the Business Day following such public 
announcement by the DC Secretary with the Calculation Agent having the benefit of the full 
day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began in accordance with this Credit Linked 
Provision 11.1 (Settlement Suspension). 
11.2 
Effect of DC Resolutions 
Any DC Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee that is 
applicable to such Defaulted Credit, including a DC Resolution that reverses a previous DC 
Resolution, shall be binding on the Issuer and the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
provided that if the effect of a DC Resolution would be to reverse (i) a prior DC 
Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, (ii) any 
determination made by the Calculation Agent that is effectively notified to the Issuer 
prior to the fifth Business Day which immediately precedes the Successor Resolution 
Request Date or a Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date, as 
applicable, or (iii) the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, that, in any case, has 
resulted in: 
 
the identification of one or more Successors; 
 
the identification of a Substitute Reference Obligation; or 
 
the occurrence of an Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date 
or the Maturity Date then such DC Resolution shall not be effective, or, in the 
case of a Valuation Date only, shall not be effective to the extent that a Valuation 
Date has occurred; and 
(b) 
notwithstanding: 
 
that the terms of these Credit Linked Provisions, as supplemented, or any 
provisions contained in the Conditions, as applicable, may require such 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent; 
 
that in order to reach such DC Resolution, the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee may be required to Resolve one or more factual 
matters before being able to reach such DC Resolution; and 
 
any actual or perceived conflict of interest on the part of a DC Party, legal counsel 
or other third-party professional hired by such DC Party in connection with such 
DC Party's performance of its duties under the DC Rules. 
12 
Calculation Agent 
All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent in relation to the Securities 
shall (save in the case of manifest error at the time the relevant determination is made) be final 
and binding on the Issuer, the Agents and the Holders of the Securities. 
The Calculation Agent shall not be required to consult with any other party in relation to any 
determination or calculation made by the Calculation Agent.  
The Calculation Agent shall have no liability to any person as a result of relying on a resolution 
of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.  
The Calculation Agent shall not be liable to any person for any delay in or failure to deliver any 
notices hereunder (including, without limitation, any Credit Event Notice) or for any differences 
in the timing of any notices delivered hereunder from that under any other transactions in respect

--- Page 544 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
538 
 
of which the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates perform a similar role or are counterparties 
thereto. It is explicitly acknowledged (and shall be taken into account in any determination of 
whether it has been grossly negligent) that the Calculation Agent will also be performing 
calculations and other functions with respect to transactions other than the Securities and that it 
may make the calculations required hereunder and other calculations and other functions 
required by such other transactions in such order as seems appropriate to it and shall not be 
liable for the order in which it elects to perform calculations or other functions or for any delay 
caused by electing to perform calculations and other functions for such other transactions prior 
to those required hereunder. 
The rights and obligations of the Issuer and the Holders under the Securities are irrespective of 
the existence or amount of the Issuer's or the Holders' credit exposure to a Reference Entity and 
no party need suffer any loss or provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence of a 
Credit Event. 
When determining the existence or occurrence of any Potential Failure to Pay, Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium or any Credit Event, the Calculation Agent shall make such 
determination based on the occurrence of an event whether or not the occurrence of the relevant 
event arises directly or indirectly from or is subject to a defence based upon (a) any lack or 
alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant Reference Entity to enter into any Obligation 
or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation, (b) any actual 
or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any Obligation 
or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described, (c) any applicable law, order, 
regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any change in, the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial 
body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or 
notice, however described, or (d) the imposition of or any change in any exchange controls, 
capital restrictions or any other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority. 
In respect of any Credit Index (Tranched) CLN or Credit Index (Untranched) CLN, subject 
always as provided in Credit Linked Provision 10 (Inconsistency with determinations of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee), the determination by the Calculation Agent that 
an Applicable Request has been made for the purposes of the definition of "Deferral Notice" 
shall not be construed as a determination by the Calculation Agent that such Applicable Request 
has definitively occurred and/or the a Credit Resolution Request Date will occur, that any 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened in respect of such 
Applicable Request or, that if any relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
been convened, that such Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will so determine that 
a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred. 
13 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Securities 
to which the Credit Linked Provisions apply: 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, under common control with the person. 
For this purpose, "control" of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of the entity or person.  
"Asset" means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" 
or other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, 
incurred, paid or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was 
realised or capable of being realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no 
longer exists). 
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the 
methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.

--- Page 545 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
539 
 
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event (which may include the Prior Valuation Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a 
choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the 
Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to 
be zero. 
"Asset Package Credit Event" means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable): 
 
a Governmental Intervention; or 
 
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is 
specified as applicable in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable) 
and such Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in 
the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable), a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
"Asset Package Valuation" will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (a) such 
Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Observation Start Date determined in 
respect of the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event 
Announcement applicable to the Event Determination Date, or (b) if the Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit 
Event. 
Notwithstanding the above, it shall be deemed that no Package Observable Bond exists with 
respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign and where the "2014 Sovereign No Asset 
Package Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions" is specified as 
applicable in respect of such Reference Entity in the Standard (even if such a Package 
Observable Bond has been published by ISDA) and accordingly, Asset Package Valuation shall 
not apply thereto. 
"Auction" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Cancellation Date" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Auction Covered Transaction" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Final Price" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity, the 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, as soon as practicable after the publication of the 
Auction Final Price in respect of an Auction with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring, of the 
related Auction Final Price after determining the same. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction 
Auction Settlement. 
"Bankruptcy" means a Reference Entity: (a) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger), (b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or 
fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its 
inability generally to pay its debts as they become due, (c) makes a general assignment, 
arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, or such a 
general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective, (d) institutes or

--- Page 546 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
540 
 
has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such 
proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results 
in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an 
order for its winding-up or liquidation, or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
in each case within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof, (e) has a 
resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger), (f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or 
for all or substantially all its assets, (g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially 
all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, 
enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within thirty calendar days thereafter, or (h) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it 
which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events 
specified in (a) to (g) (inclusive). 
"Calculation Agent City" means the city specified as such in the Standard or, if a city is not so 
specified, the city in which the office through which the Calculation Agent is acting for the 
purposes of the Securities is located. 
"Calculation Agent City Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the Calculation Agent City. 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Valuation Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any 
Valuation Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of the Valuation Date, provided, 
however, that a Valuation Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a 
Valuation Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the Reference 
Entity is guaranteeing such Valuation Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, 
assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Valuation Obligation provide that such 
consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of 
novation, assignment or transfer of a Valuation Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Valuation Obligation shall not be 
considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation. 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a Valuation 
Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Valuation 
Obligation. 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means any Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms published by ISDA, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from 
time to time. 
"Credit Derivatives Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as 
published by ISDA.  
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" means, with respect to a Reference Entity 
or an Obligation thereof, each committee established pursuant to the DC Rules for purposes of 
reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit derivative transactions referencing 
such Reference Entity. For more information about the operation of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees, see "Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees" in Annex A 
hereto. 
"Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix" means the "Credit Derivatives Physical 
Settlement Matrix", as most recently amended and supplemented as at the Trade Date and as

--- Page 547 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
541 
 
published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto), provided 
that the following amendments shall be deemed to have been made for the purposes of the 
Standard with respect to a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
all rows shall be deemed deleted save for those named: Transaction Type; Business Day; 
Calculation Agent City; All Guarantees; Credit Events; Obligation Category; Obligation 
Characteristics; 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category; 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics; Financial Reference Entity Terms; Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms; 2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014), Additional Provisions for the Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004); Hungary Additional Provisions; Additional Provisions for 
the Argentine Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations 
(December 21, 2005); LPN Additional Provisions; Additional Provisions for 
STMicroelectronics NV (December 6, 2007); and Additional Provisions for the Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012); 
(b) 
following such deemed deletion, all references to Deliverable Obligation Category shall 
instead be deemed to be to Valuation Obligation Category and all references to 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall instead be deemed to be to Valuation 
Obligation Characteristics; 
(c) 
the Calculation Agent can deem such amendments to be made to the Credit Derivatives 
Physical Settlement Matrix and/or to any additional provisions or supplements referred 
to in paragraph (a) above as it determines necessary in order that the terminology and 
defined terms used therein correspond with those used in these Credit Linked Provisions; 
(d) 
all references to Business Day shall be deemed to be to Valuation Business Day, as the 
context so requires, provided that, where the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement 
Matrix specifies a definition of Business Day, any locations therein not included in the 
definition of Valuation Business Day shall be added to the definition of Valuation 
Business Day as additional locations and the definition of Business Day shall not be 
affected; and 
(e) 
references to the relevant Confirmation shall be construed as references to the relevant 
Issue Terms in respect of the Securities. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the relevant Issue Terms and the Credit Derivatives 
Physical Settlement Matrix, the "Fallback Settlement Method" will be Cash Settlement, as 
described in these Credit Linked Provisions. 
Material terms and conditions of the Securities can only be ascertained by reviewing the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix, together with the terms set for 
these Credit Linked Provisions. Prospective investors and Holders are strongly advised to 
obtain a copy of the relevant Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix and to review 
the applicable provisions thereof specified in such Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement 
Matrix as such provisions relate to the Reference Entity of a particular Transaction Type. 
A copy of the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix with respect to the Securities 
is available at http://www.isda.org.  
For the purposes of determining whether a Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction would 
be an Auction Covered Transaction, the Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction shall not be 
considered: (a) to be a transaction linked to any index or to a portfolio of entities, (b) to provide 
for a fixed recovery or final settlement amount, and (c) to provide that the Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms would not apply. 
In determining whether a Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction would be an Auction 
Covered Transaction, the Calculation Agent may (in its sole discretion) interpret the above 
provisions and resolve any ambiguity, having regard to market practice and interpretation. 
"Credit Event" means the occurrence in respect of any Reference Entity or any Obligation of 
any Reference Entity of any of the events specified as being Credit Events applicable to such

--- Page 548 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
542 
 
Reference Entity in, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Non-Standard Credit Events" (a) to be 
not applicable, the Standard, or (b) to be applicable, the relevant Issue Terms. If an occurrence 
would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit Event 
whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based 
upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying 
Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect 
to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described;  
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; 
or  
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however 
described. 
Once an Event Determination Date has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity, no further 
Event Determination Date, Potential Failure to Pay or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may 
occur with respect to such Reference Entity except: 
 
to the extent that such Reference Entity is the Successor to one or more other 
Reference Entities (or Successor thereof) in respect of which no Event 
Determination Date has previously occurred; 
 
in the case of a Reference Entity in respect of which an M(M)R Restructuring is 
specified in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable) and in respect 
of which an Event Determination Date relating only to an M(M)R Restructuring 
has occurred, to the extent of its Remaining Credit Position; and 
 
to the extent, if any, that additional credit protection on such Reference Entity is 
subsequently obtained as may be permitted in accordance with the terms of the 
Securities. 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means, with respect to a Reference Entity or an Obligation 
thereof: 
(a) 
for purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or with respect to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of Repudiation/Moratorium), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 
sixty calendar days prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is sixty calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
 
the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice 
Delivery Period; and  
 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs 
during the Post Dismissal Additional Period.  
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Credit Event Notice" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, an irrevocable notice from 
the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that describes a Credit Event that occurred on or after the 
Credit Observation Start Date and on or prior to the Extension Date.

--- Page 549 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
543 
 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Credit Observation 
End Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period 
Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring must 
be in respect of the full Credit Position. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity has occurred. The 
Calculation Agent shall only deliver a Credit Event Notice where it determines that Publicly 
Available Information exists confirming the existence or occurrence of the relevant Credit Event 
and such Credit Event Notice shall contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the 
relevant Publicly Available Information. The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, 
the date as publicly announced by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was 
effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in 
possession of Publicly Available Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
"Credit Observation End Date" means the Scheduled Maturity Date or such other date as may 
be specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Credit Observation Period" means the period from and including the Credit Observation Start 
Date to and including the Extension Date. 
"Credit Observation Start Date" means the Credit Event Backstop Date, the Trade Date or 
any other date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Credit Position" means, subject to the other provisions hereof, in respect of each Reference 
Entity, the nominal amount outstanding of the Securities, provided that if further Securities are 
issued which form a single Series with the Securities, the Credit Position in respect of each 
Reference Entity will be increased pro rata to the aggregate nominal amount of such further 
Securities and if Securities are repurchased and cancelled, the Credit Position in respect of each 
Reference Entity will be reduced pro rata. 
"DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or 
the date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable. 
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event, which would constitute a Credit Event, has occurred on 
or after the Credit Observation Start Date and on or prior to the Extension Date, provided that 
if the Credit Event occurred after the Credit Observation End Date, the DC Credit Event 
Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period 
Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
will be convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question" means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event, which would 
constitute a Credit Event for the purposes of the Hypothetical Untriggered Credit Derivative 
Transaction has occurred.

--- Page 550 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
544 
 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does 
not constitute a Credit Event in respect of such Reference Entity (or Obligation thereof). 
"DC Party" as used (a) herein shall mean, and (b) in the DC Rules shall be deemed to mean, 
the Issuer or any Affiliate thereof. 
"DC Resolution" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"DC Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by 
the DC Secretary on behalf of ISDA on its website at www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org 
(or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in 
accordance with the terms thereof. 
"DC Secretary" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"Dealer" means, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, dealers which are 
either (a) dealers in obligations of the type of obligations for which quotations are to be obtained 
(which may include any such dealer which is an Affiliate of the Calculation Agent) or (b) named 
in the relevant Issue Terms, including the respective successors of such named dealers. 
"Default Requirement" means the amount specified as being applicable to the Reference Entity 
in the Standard, or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is 
specified, U.S.$ 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, 
as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
"Defaulted Credit" means, on any day, each Reference Entity in respect of which an Event 
Determination Date has occurred (save for where a Reference Entity is a Reference Entity in 
respect of which an Event Determination Date relating only to an M(M)R Restructuring has 
occurred, in which case that Reference Entity shall, in relation to the Remaining Credit Position, 
be treated as a non-Defaulted Credit). 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Standard and any successor 
currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor 
currency of (a) the Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction 
in which the Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). 
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) a Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is 
a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference 
Entity is not a Sovereign. 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than fifty per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by 
a Reference Entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity 
under the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise 
(excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar 
amounts) less all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation 
(a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the 
effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than

--- Page 551 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
545 
 
by way of (a) payment or (b) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance 
with the terms of the obligation in effect on the Valuation Date. 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made 
public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
"Eligible Transferee" means: 
(a) 
any: 
 
bank or other financial institution; 
 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an 
entity described in sub-paragraph (c)(i) below); and 
 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least U.S.$ 
500,000,000; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in sub-paragraph (a) above; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer 
of collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special 
purpose vehicle) that (I) has total assets of at least U.S.$ 100,000,000 or (II) is 
one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or management 
having, in aggregate, total assets of at least U.S.$ 100,000,000; 
 
that has total assets of at least U.S.$ 500,000,000; or 
 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support or 
other agreement by an entity described in sub-paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d); or 
(d) 
(i) 
any Sovereign; or 
 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two 
or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International 
Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction 
and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition to USD include equivalent amounts in other currencies, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Event Determination Date" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Credit Event with 
respect to which: 
(a) 
"Auction Settlement" or "Zero Recovery" is the applicable Settlement Method: 
 
subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice 
Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post 
Dismissal Additional Period, provided that neither (A) a DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred nor (B) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit 
Event Notice;

--- Page 552 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
546 
 
 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (i) above, the Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) and either: 
(A) 
(I) 
the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage 
Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
(I) 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer and is effective during (1) the Notice Delivery Period and (2) 
on or prior to the Exercise Cut-off Date, 
provided that, in respect of sub-paragraph (ii) above: 
(x) 
no Maturity Date has occurred on or prior to the date on which the 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(y) 
if any Valuation Date has occurred on or prior to the date on which 
the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, an Event 
Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only with 
respect to any Credit Position (or the portion thereof) with respect 
to which no Valuation Date has occurred; and 
(z) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the 
only Credit Event has previously been delivered by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer, (aa) unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified 
in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the DC Credit 
Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, (bb) unless, and to the extent that, the 
Exercise Amount specified in such Credit Event Notice was less 
than the then outstanding Remaining Credit Position or (cc) unless 
the Hypothetical Credit Transaction would be an Auction Covered 
Transaction and the Deliverable Obligations set out in the Final List 
would be identical to the Permissible Deliverable Obligations for 
such Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction; or 
(b) 
sub-paragraph (a) above does not apply, the Non-Standard Event Determination Date.  
Subject to Credit Linked Provision 11.2 (Effect of DC Resolutions), no Event Determination 
Date will occur with respect to an event, and any Event Determination Date previously 
determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have occurred, if, or to the extent 
that, prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date a Valuation Date or the Maturity Date, 
as applicable, a DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs with respect to such event. 
If, in accordance with the provisions above, (a) following the determination of an Event 
Determination Date, such Event Determination Date is deemed (i) to have occurred on a date 
that is different from the date that was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date 
or (ii) not to have occurred or (b) an Event Determination Date is deemed to have occurred prior 
to a preceding Interest Payment Date, if any, the Calculation Agent will determine (A) such 
adjustment(s) to these Credit Linked Provisions (including any adjustment to payment amounts) 
as may be required to achieve as far as practicable the same economic position of Holders of 
the Securities as would have prevailed had an Event Determination Date not occurred on such 
deemed date of occurrence and (B) the effective date of such adjustment(s), including any 
reductions to the Final Redemption Amount necessary to reflect the fact that an Event 
Determination Date may have occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, if any. 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" means that the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation 
Obligation shall not include accrued but unpaid interest.

--- Page 553 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
547 
 
"Excluded Obligation" means, with respect to a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
any obligation of such Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable with respect to the 
relevant Reference Entity in the Standard and the associated Credit Position is a Senior 
Credit Position, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention 
or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable with respect to the 
relevant Reference Entity in the applicable Standard and the associated Credit Position 
is a Subordinated Credit Position, then for purposes of determining whether a 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated 
Obligation. 
"Excluded Valuation Obligation" means, with respect to a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
any obligation of such Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest 
components have been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Valuation is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after 
the date of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Exercise Cut-off Date" means either: 
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and a Reference Entity to which the definition 
of Event Determination Date applies: 
 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five 
Relevant City Business Days, in each case, following the date on which such Final 
List is published; or 
 
otherwise, the date that is fourteen calendar days following the relevant No 
Auction Announcement Date; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity to which the definition 
of Event Determination Date does not apply, the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date; 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves. 
"Extension Date" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, the latest of: 
(a) 
the Credit Observation End Date; 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if: 
 
"Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are specified as applicable to that 
Reference Entity in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable); 
 
the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs on 
or prior to the Credit Observation End Date; and  
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is 
specified as applicable to that Reference Entity in the Standard or the relevant Issue 
Terms (as applicable).

--- Page 554 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
548 
 
"Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure 
by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with 
the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. If an occurrence that would constitute 
a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time 
of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay 
unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, 
principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely available market rate 
of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
"Fallback Settlement Method" means, if Auction Settlement is specified as the Settlement 
Method in the relevant Issue Terms, Cash Settlement. 
"Final List" has the meaning given to such term in the DC Rules. 
"Final Price" means the price of the Valuation Obligation in respect of the Valuation Date, 
expressed as a percentage of its (a) Outstanding Principal Balance (in the case of a Valuation 
Obligation that is Borrowed Money) or (b) Due and Payable Amount (in the case of a Valuation 
Obligation that is not Borrowed Money), determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the Valuation Method. 
For such purpose, the relevant Valuation Obligation shall be a Valuation Obligation selected by 
the Calculation Agent (in its sole discretion) on or before the relevant Valuation Date. 
If Asset Package Valuation applies: 
(a) 
selection of a Prior Valuation Obligation or a Package Observable Bond may be 
substituted with the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as 
having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, as the Prior Valuation Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it 
corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event;  
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may substitute the Prior Valuation Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in part for each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion; 
and  
(c) 
if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the 
Asset shall be deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Asset Package is deemed to be zero, the Final Price shall be 
zero. 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the 
liability of a Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying 
Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a 
formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or 
other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be 
variable inputs). 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each firm quotation 
obtained from a Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an 
amount of the Valuation Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount equal to the Quotation Amount. 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Valuation Obligation that is either Transferable, in 
the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without 
the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Valuation Obligation other than 
Bonds, in each case, as of the Valuation Date. Any requirement that notification of novation, 
assignment or transfer of a Valuation Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent,

--- Page 555 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
549 
 
administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Valuation Obligation shall not be 
considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of Fully Transferable 
Obligation. 
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated 
thereto. 
"Governmental Authority" means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or 
supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets 
(including a central bank) of the Reference Entity or some or of all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in sub-paragraphs 
(a) to (c) above. 
"Governmental Intervention" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in 
relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of 
the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a 
Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or 
regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Reference 
Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for 
under the terms of such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or 
 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder 
of the Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs 
(a) to (c) above. 
For purposes of this definition of Governmental Intervention, the term Obligation shall be 
deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider 
of a Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to 
payments under and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the 
date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred;

--- Page 556 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
550 
 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable with respect to a Reference Entity 
in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable), then with respect to such a 
Reference Entity in respect of which a Potential Failure to Pay applies, a Potential Failure 
to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date and the applicable 
grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date, 
the Grace Period will be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and, the period 
specified in the Standard or, if no such period is specified, thirty calendar days;  
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with 
respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace 
Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period 
of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; 
provided that, unless the Reference Entity is one in respect of which "Grace Period 
Extension" is specified as applicable in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as 
applicable) and Potential Failure to pay applies, such deemed Grace Period shall expire 
no later than the Credit Observation End Date; and 
(d) 
if the terms of the relevant Obligation are not publicly available such that the length of 
any grace period, conditions precedent to the commencement of any such grace period 
or whether any such conditions are satisfied cannot be established, it shall be deemed 
that the Grace Period is a period of thirty calendar days from the due date for payment 
and all conditions precedent to the commencement thereof were satisfied on such due 
date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified 
for that purpose in the relevant Obligation or, if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the 
Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET2 Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the 
principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, if (a) "Grace Period 
Extension" is specified as applicable to that Reference Entity in the Standard or the relevant 
Issue Terms (as applicable) and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Credit 
Observation End Date, the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of 
such Potential Failure to Pay. If "Grace Period Extension" is not specified as applicable to that 
Reference Entity in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable), Grace Period 
Extension shall not apply to the Securities.  
If (i) Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable with respect to a Reference Entity, (ii) a 
Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date and (iii) a 
Potential Failure to Pay results in a Credit Event after the Credit Observation End Date, but on 
or prior to the Extension Date, the Maturity Date will be the third Business Day following the 
Valuation Date with respect to a Reference Entity. 
"Guarantee" means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
"Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction" means, in relation to a Credit Event, a 
transaction that incorporates the Credit Derivatives Definitions and in respect of which: 
(a) 
the "Reference Entity" (as such term is used in the Credit Derivatives Definitions) is 
deemed to be the entity that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event; 
(b) 
the "Scheduled Termination Date" (as such term is used in the Credit Derivatives 
Definitions) is deemed to be the same as the Credit Observation End Date in respect of 
the Securities; 
(c) 
an "Event Determination Date" (as such term is used in the Credit Derivatives 
Definitions) in relation to the relevant Credit Event is deemed to have occurred on the 
same date as the Event Determination Date applicable in respect of the Securities;

--- Page 557 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
551 
 
(d) 
the "Deliverable Obligation Category" (as such term is used in the Credit Derivatives 
Definitions) is the same as the Valuation Obligation Category relating to such Reference 
Entity with respect to the Securities; 
(e) 
the "Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" (as such term is used in the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions) are the same as the Valuation Obligation Characteristics relating 
to such Reference Entity with respect to the Securities; and 
(f) 
the provisions contained in the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix applicable 
to the "Transaction Type" specified in the Issue Terms in relation to the relevant 
Reference Entity are deemed applicable, 
and the term "Credit Derivatives Transaction" as used in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms shall be deemed to refer to the relevant Hypothetical Credit 
Derivative Transaction. 
For purposes of ascertaining whether the Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction would be 
an Auction Covered Transaction, the Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction shall not be 
considered: (a) to be a transaction linked to any index or to a portfolio of entities, (b) to provide 
for a fixed recovery of final settlement amount, and (c) to provide that the Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms would not apply.  
In determining whether a Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction would be an Auction 
Covered Transaction, the Calculation Agent may (in its sole discretion) interpret the above 
provisions and resolve any ambiguity, having regard to market practice and interpretation.  
"Hypothetical Untriggered Credit Derivative Transaction" means, in respect of a Reference 
Entity, a transaction that incorporates the Credit Derivatives Definitions and in respect of which: 
(a) 
the "Reference Entity" (as such term is used in the Credit Derivatives Definitions) is 
deemed to be such Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the "Scheduled Termination Date" (as such term is used in the Credit Derivatives 
Definitions) is deemed to be the same as the Credit Observation End Date in respect of 
the Securities; 
(c) 
the "Trade Date" (as such term is used in the Credit Derivatives Definitions) is deemed 
to be the same as the Trade Date for such Reference Entity; 
(d) 
the "Deliverable Obligation Category" (as such term is used in the Credit Derivatives 
Definitions) is the same as the Valuation Obligation Category relating to such Reference 
Entity with respect to the Securities; 
(e) 
the "Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" (as such term is used in the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions) are the same as the Valuation Obligation Characteristics relating 
to such Reference Entity with respect to the Securities; and 
(f) 
the provisions contained in the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix applicable 
to the "Transaction Type" specified in the Issue Terms in relation to the relevant 
Reference Entity are deemed applicable. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
"Largest Asset Package" means, in respect of a Prior Valuation Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of 
principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be 
determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets with the highest 
immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.

--- Page 558 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
552 
 
"Limitation Date" means the first of March 20, June 20, September 20 or December 20 in any 
year to occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years 
after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the "2.5-year Limitation Date"), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 
years (the "10-year Limitation Date"), 12.5 years, 15 years, or 20 years, as applicable. 
Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod 
R" or "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as 
applicable). 
"Market Value" means, with respect to the Valuation Obligation and a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, 
if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then 
one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained on the same Valuation Business Day in 
accordance with the definition of Quotation, the Full Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained on the same Valuation Business Day in 
accordance with the definition of Quotation, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; 
(d) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and a Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained on the same Valuation Business Day in accordance with the definition of 
Quotation, such Weighted Average Quotation; 
(e) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained on the same Valuation Business Day in accordance with the definition of 
Quotation, the Market Value shall be determined as provided in sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of Quotation. 
"Maturity Date" means, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Loss at Maturity" to be: 
(a) 
not applicable, subject to Credit Linked Provision 1.5(c) (Maturity Date Extension), the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention, provided that: 
 
if an Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date and: 
(A) 
Failure to Pay and Grace Period Extension are specified as applicable to 
the relevant Reference Entity in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms 
(as applicable), and a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to 
one or more Obligation(s) in respect of which a Grace Period is applicable 
on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (and such Grace Period(s) is/are 
continuing as at the Scheduled Maturity Date), the Maturity Date will, 
subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below, be the third Business Day following 
the Grace Period Extension Date; or 
(B) 
Repudiation/Moratorium is specified as applicable to the relevant 
Reference Entity in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as 
applicable), and the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has 
been satisfied on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, or if sub-
paragraph (ii) of Credit Linked Provision 1.5(c) (Maturity Date Extension) 
applies, the Postponed Maturity Date and the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date in respect of the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium will, 
in the sole determination of the Calculation Agent, fall after the Scheduled

--- Page 559 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
553 
 
Maturity Date or the Postponed Maturity Date (as applicable), then the 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Holders in accordance with General 
Condition 31 (Notices) that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has 
occurred and the Maturity Date will, subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below, 
be the third Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date; and 
 
if an Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the latest to occur of: 
(A) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date;  
(B) 
the Grace Period Extension Date, if (1) Failure to Pay and Grace Period 
Extension are specified as applicable to the relevant Reference Entity in 
the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable) and (2) a Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to one or more Obligation(s) in 
respect of which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (and such Grace Period(s) is/are continuing as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date);  
(C) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any), if (1) 
Repudiation/Moratorium is specified as applicable to the relevant 
Reference Entity in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as 
applicable) and (2) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has 
been satisfied on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, or if sub-
paragraph (ii) of Credit Linked Provision 1.5(c) (Maturity Date Extension) 
applies, the Postponed Maturity Date; or  
(D) 
if Credit Linked Provision 1.5(c) (Maturity Date Extension) applies, the 
Postponed Maturity Date,  
the Maturity Date will be: 
(A) 
if applicable in accordance with Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction 
Settlement), the Specified Number of Business Days following the 
Auction Final Price Determination Date; 
(B) 
if applicable in accordance with Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction 
Settlement) or 1.3 (Cash Settlement), the Specified Number of Business 
Days following determination of the Final Price; or 
(C) 
if Credit Linked Provision 1.4 (Zero Recovery) applies, such Event 
Determination Date, 
in each case, subject where applicable to Credit Linked Provision 7 (Credit Event Notice 
after M(M)R Restructuring) and the definition of "Successor" in Credit Linked Provision 
13 (Definitions); or 
(b) 
applicable, the later of: 
 
subject to Credit Linked Provision 1.5 (Potential Postponement of the Maturity 
Date), the Scheduled Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention; and 
 
if an Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the latest to occur of: 
(A) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date;  
(B) 
the Grace Period Extension Date, if (1) Failure to Pay and Grace Period 
Extension are specified as applicable to the relevant Reference Entity in 
the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as applicable) and (2) a Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to one or more Obligation(s) in 
respect of which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the Scheduled

--- Page 560 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
554 
 
Maturity Date (and such Grace Period(s) is/are continuing as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date);  
(C) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any), if (1) 
Repudiation/Moratorium is specified as applicable to the relevant 
Reference Entity in the Standard or the relevant Issue Terms (as 
applicable) and (2) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has 
been satisfied on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, or if sub-
paragraph (ii) of Credit Linked Provision 1.5(c) (Maturity Date Extension) 
applies, the Postponed Maturity Date; or  
(D) 
if Credit Linked Provision 1.5(c) (Maturity Date Extension) applies, the 
Postponed Maturity Date,  
and either: 
(A) 
if applicable in accordance with Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction 
Settlement), the Specified Number of Business Days following the 
Auction Final Price Determination Date; 
(B) 
if applicable in accordance with Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction 
Settlement) or 1.3 (Cash Settlement), the Specified Number of Business 
Days following determination of the Final Price; or 
(C) 
if Credit Linked Provision 1.4 (Zero Recovery) applies, such Event 
Determination Date, 
in each case, subject where applicable to Credit Linked Provision 7 (Credit Event 
Notice after M(M)R Restructuring) and the definition of "Successor" in Credit 
Linked Provision 13 (Definitions) (such date, the "Later Maturity Date"), will 
fall after the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Postponed Maturity Date (if 
applicable), such Later Maturity Date. 
"Maximum Quotation Amount" means (a) where the Credit Position is not specified to be a 
percentage, the Credit Position of the relevant Reference Entity, save that in the case of a 
Reference Entity in respect of which an Event Determination Date relating only to an M(M)R 
Restructuring has occurred, the Maximum Quotation Amount shall be equal to the relevant 
Exercise Amount and (b) where the Credit Position is specified to be a percentage, the amount 
specified in the Issue Terms or, if no such amount is specified in the Issue Terms, U.S.$ 
100,000,000, save that in the case of a Reference Entity in respect of which an Event 
Determination Date relating only to an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred, the Maximum 
Quotation Amount shall be equal to the amount determined in accordance with the foregoing 
multiplied by the quotient of the relevant Exercise Amount (as numerator) and the Credit 
Position (as denominator). 
"Minimum Quotation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, 
U.S.$ 1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency)). 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, 
securities and other financial assets. 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Valuation 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Observation 
End Date. Subject to the foregoing, if the Credit Observation End Date is later than the 10-year 
Limitation Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Credit 
Observation End Date. 
"Movement Option" means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring to which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraphs (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of 
No Auction Announcement Date, the option of the Calculation Agent, exercisable by delivery

--- Page 561 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
555 
 
of an effective Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the Issuer, to apply the Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms, if any, for purposes of which the Permissible Deliverable Obligations are 
more limited than the "Deliverable Obligations" that the "Buyer" in respect of a Hypothetical 
Credit Derivative Transaction could specify in any "Notice of Physical Settlement" under such 
Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction (where the foregoing terms, which appear in quotes, 
have the meanings given to them in such Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction) (provided 
that if more than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such Permissible Deliverable 
Obligations shall apply). 
If the Calculation Agent does not deliver an effective Notice to Exercise Movement Option on 
or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, such Credit Event will be subject to the Fallback 
Settlement Method. 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day 
following the Exercise Cut-off Date, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved. 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that (a) at the time of the event which 
constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates 
of each other and (b) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the 
terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and-
two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event 
provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in (b). 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Credit 
Event, the date on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that (a) no Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be 
published, (b) following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference 
Entity, no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published, or (c) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that no Auction will be held following a prior public announcement 
by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances where either (i) no Parallel Auction will 
be held, or (ii) one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. For the avoidance of doubt, the No 
Auction Announcement Date shall be the date of the relevant announcement by the DC 
Secretary and not the date of any related determination by the Calculation Agent that such 
announcement relates to Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms or an Auction. 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a 
Conforming Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an obligation which would be a 
Valuation Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Valuation Obligation on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which 
resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on 
the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as 
applicable). 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or 
suitable for being traded in, financial markets. 
"Non-Standard Event Determination Date" means with respect to a Reference Entity and a 
Credit Event: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (b) below, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date 
occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, 
provided that neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (ii) a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event 
specified in the Credit Event Notice; or

--- Page 562 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
556 
 
(b) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (a) above, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the 
last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) either: 
 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A) 
(I) 
"Auction Settlement" or "Zero Recovery" is not the applicable 
Settlement Method; 
(II) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(III) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC Credit Event 
Announcement; or 
(B) 
(I) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer and is effective on or prior to the Non-Standard Exercise 
Cut-off Date, or 
 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer and is effective during either the Notice Delivery Period or the period 
from and including the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement to and 
including the date that is fourteen calendar days thereafter (provided, in each case, 
that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the 
end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade 
Date)), if: 
(A) 
"Auction Settlement" or "Zero Recovery" is not the applicable Settlement 
Method; 
(B) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(C) 
the Trade Date occurs following the date of the related DC Credit Event 
Announcement and on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off 
Date, 
provided that in respect of sub-paragraph (ii) above: 
(a) 
no Maturity Date has occurred on or prior to the date on which the 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(b) 
if any Valuation Date has occurred on or prior to the date on which 
the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcements occurs, a Non-
Standard Event Determination Date shall be deemed to have 
occurred only with respect to any Credit Position (or portion 
thereof) with respect to which no Valuation Date has occurred; and 
(c) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the 
only Credit Event has previously been delivered by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer, (1) unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified 
in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the DC Credit 
Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, (2) unless, and to the extent that, the 
Exercise Amount specified in any such Credit Event Notice was 
less than the then outstanding Remaining Credit Position; or (3) 
unless the Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction would be an 
Auction Covered Transaction and the Deliverable Obligations set 
out on the Final List would be identical to the Permissible 
Deliverable Obligations actions for such Hypothetical Credit 
Derivative Transaction.

--- Page 563 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
557 
 
"Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event and a Reference 
Entity to which the definition of "Event Determination Date" does not apply: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date, if any; 
 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
 
the date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement 
Date, if any, as applicable; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five 
Relevant City Business Days, in each case, following the date on which such Final 
List is published; or 
 
otherwise, the date that is fourteen calendar days following the relevant No 
Auction Announcement Date. 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute 
Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
"Notice Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, the first date on which an 
effective Credit Event Notice has been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, the period from and 
including the Trade Date to and including (i) the Extension Date or (ii) the Postponed Maturity 
Date (if applicable). 
"Notice to Exercise Movement Option" means, with respect to a Reference Entity for which 
(a) an M(M)R Restructuring is applicable and (b) the Fallback Settlement Method would 
otherwise be applicable pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction 
Settlement), an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that (i) specifies the 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms applicable with respect to such Reference Entity in 
accordance with the definition of Movement Option and (ii) is effective on or prior to the 
Movement Option Cut-off Date. A Notice to Exercise Movement Option shall be subject to the 
requirement regarding notices set forth in Credit Linked Provision 8 (Timings and Requirements 
Regarding Notices). 
"Obligation" means: 
(a) 
each obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the method described in Credit Linked Provision 5 
(Method for Determining Obligations); and 
(b) 
each Reference Obligation, 
in each case, unless specified in the relevant Issue Terms as an Excluded Obligation. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of a Reference Entity under one or more Obligations.

--- Page 564 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
558 
 
"Obligation Category" means, in respect of a Reference Entity and an Obligation thereof, 
Payment, Borrowed Money, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified 
in the Standard, and: 
(a) 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) 
for the payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money; 
(b) 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving 
credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of 
principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, 
without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings 
pursuant to letters of credit); 
(c) 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered 
pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include 
any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(d) 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or 
other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
and 
(e) 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
"Obligation Characteristics" means, in respect of a Reference Entity and an Obligation 
thereof, any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not 
Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance, and: 
(a) 
(i) 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (A) the 
Reference Obligation or (B) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable; 
 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the "Second Obligation") 
and another obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being 
compared (the "First Obligation"), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement 
providing that (A) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding-
up of such Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are 
required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second 
Obligation, or (B) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to 
receive or retain principal payments in respect of their claims against such 
Reference Entity at any time that such Reference Entity is in payment arrears or 
is otherwise in default under the First Obligation. "Subordinated" will be 
construed accordingly. For purposes of determining whether Subordination 
exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation 
to which it is being compared, (I) the existence of preferred creditors arising by 
operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or 
security arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that 
notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be 
taken into account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (II) in the case 
of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the 
ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which it 
was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a 
Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and "Standard 
Reference Obligation" is applicable, then the priority of payment of the 
Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be 
determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any 
change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date; and 
 
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in circumstances where there is no 
Reference Obligation is applicable to a Reference Entity, (A) the Reference 
Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, (B) the

--- Page 565 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
559 
 
obligation specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Reference Obligation, if 
any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date 
and otherwise, (C) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the 
Reference Entity; 
(b) 
"Specified Currency" means, for the purposes of these Credit Linked Provisions only, 
an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms (or, if "Specified Currency" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and no 
currency is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the euro is a 
Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that was 
previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such 
redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a 
Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction 
of such Governmental Authority; 
(c) 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (i) a 
Sovereign or (ii) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement 
between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally referred to 
as "Paris Club debt"; 
(d) 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any currency other 
than the applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency 
shall not constitute a Domestic Currency; 
(e) 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable 
Domestic Law, provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York 
shall not constitute a Domestic Law;  
(f) 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on 
an exchange; and 
(g) 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued 
(or reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the 
domestic market of the Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result 
of some other action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the 
domestic market of the Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also 
registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of the Reference Entity) shall 
be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered 
for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference Entity. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is 
denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they 
would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of 
a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a 
failure to make any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more 
Obligations. 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of a Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation in the relevant Issue Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is 
not an obligation of such Non-Standard Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a 
valid Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation (other than for the purposes of determining 
the Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not 
Subordinated" Valuation Obligation Characteristic).

--- Page 566 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
560 
 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, subject as provided below, the Reference Entity's 
accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will 
be the lower of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid 
interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to 
the Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of 
the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of 
the obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be reduced 
as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or 
circumstance (other than by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the 
amount determined in sub-paragraph (a) less any amounts subtracted in accordance with 
this sub-paragraph (b), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, in each case, determined: 
 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect 
on the Valuation Date; and 
 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable 
laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the 
original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
Where Cash Settlement is specified to be the Settlement Method (or if Cash Settlement is 
applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with Credit Linked Provision 1.2 
(Auction Settlement)), Exclude Accrued Interest shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, be applicable. 
"Package Observable Bond" means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org 
from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on 
its website from time to time and (b) which fell within sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition 
of Valuation Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant 
Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective. 
"Parallel Auction" means "Auction" as defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R 
Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity, any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms published by ISDA with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring, and for which the 
Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable 
to the Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction and for which such Hypothetical Credit 
Derivative Transaction would not be an Auction Covered Transaction. 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as being applicable to the Reference 
Entity in the Standard or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such 
amount is specified, U.S.$ 1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in 
either case as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as 
applicable. 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable 
Obligations included on the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are 
applicable to that Auction.

--- Page 567 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
561 
 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to a Reference 
Entity's payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume 
all of the payment obligations of such Reference Entity; 
 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee 
(or provisions allowing for the release of the relevant Reference Entity from its 
payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is 
specified as applicable in the Standard; or 
 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as 
applicable in the Standard; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their 
behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such 
obligation. 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of 
cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in 
circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of a 
Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" means the period from and including the date of the DC 
Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is fourteen calendar days 
thereafter (provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior 
to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, the failure by such 
Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not 
less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms 
of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without regard to any grace period or any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations. 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
"Prior Valuation Obligation" means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as 
the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event 
Announcement), any obligation of a Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior 
to such Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental 
Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of Valuation Obligation set out in sub-
paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of Valuation Obligation, in each case, immediately 
preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred 
in respect of a Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event 
Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any.

--- Page 568 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
562 
 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms 
is not publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence 
based on the factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of Credit Event) or 
right of set-off by or of a Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
"Public Source" means, with respect to any Reference Entity, each Additional Public Source 
of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the Issue Terms and each of Bloomberg, 
LSEG, Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai 
Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The 
Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of 
business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is organised and any other 
internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources. 
"Publicly Available Information":  
(a) 
means information that, in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent, reasonably 
confirms any of the facts relevant to the determination that the Credit Event or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in a Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have occurred and which: 
 
has been published in or on not less than two Public Sources (regardless of 
whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information) provided 
that, other than with respect to the definition of "Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date" if the Calculation Agent or any of its Affiliates is cited as the sole source 
of such information, then such information shall not be deemed to be Publicly 
Available Information unless such party or its Affiliate is acting in its capacity as 
trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility 
agent or agent bank for an Obligation;  
 
is information received from or published by (A) the Reference Entity (or, if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity 
(including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign), 
or (B) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, 
facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or 
 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however 
described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or 
similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body, 
provided that where any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (a)(ii) or 
(iii) above is not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information 
if it can be made public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other 
restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
(b) 
In the event that the Calculation Agent is (i) the sole source of information in its capacity 
as trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent 
or agent bank for the Obligation with respect to which a Credit Event has occurred and 
(ii) a holder of such Obligation, the Calculation Agent shall also provide the Issuer a 
certificate signed by a Managing Director (or other substantively equivalent title) of the 
Calculation Agent, which shall certify the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to 
such Obligation. 
(c) 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (a)(ii) and (a)(iii) 
above, the party receiving such information may assume that such information has been 
disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such 
information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with

--- Page 569 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
563 
 
the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, 
or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such 
information. 
(d) 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (i) in relation to the 
definition of Downstream Affiliate, the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the 
Reference Entity and (ii) that the relevant occurrence (A) has met the Payment 
Requirement or Default Requirement, (B) is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace 
Period, or (C) has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
(e) 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information 
must relate to the events described in both sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by a Reference 
Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may 
include a statute or regulation), pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, 
undertakes, or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for 
amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying 
Obligation for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not 
by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto 
in form under the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of 
credit (or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the 
Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as 
a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, 
other than: 
 
by payment; 
 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
 
by operation of law; 
 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
Standard; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the Standard. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant 
determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to 
or following the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying 
Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of Bankruptcy in respect of 
the Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that 
such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or 
Underlying Obligation.

--- Page 570 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
564 
 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(1) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being delivered together with the 
delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and 
(2) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to 
such Fixed Cap must be capable of being delivered together with the delivery of such 
guarantee. 
"Qualifying Participation Seller" means any participation seller that meets the requirements 
specified in the Standard. If no such requirements are specified, there shall be no Qualifying 
Participation Seller. 
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted 
against a Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had 
become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at 
the time of the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed 
the Non-Contingent Amount. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and 
expressed as a percentage of the Valuation Obligation's Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount, as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain 
two or more such Full Quotations on the same Valuation Business Day within three 
Valuation Business Days of the relevant Valuation Date, then on the next following 
Valuation Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Valuation Business Day thereafter 
until the fifteenth Valuation Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more Dealers and, 
if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation on the same Valuation Business Day on or prior to the fifteenth 
Valuation Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date, then the Quotations 
shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a Dealer at the Valuation Time 
on such fifteenth Valuation Business Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, then the 
weighted average of any firm quotations for the Reference Obligation obtained from 
Dealers at the Valuation Time on such fifteenth Valuation Business Day with respect to 
the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained 
and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which 
firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
"Quotation Amount" means an amount selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, 
subject to a minimum of the Minimum Quotation Amount and a maximum of the Maximum 
Quotation Amount. 
"Quotation Method" means Bid, where "Bid" means that only bid quotations shall be requested 
from Dealers. 
"Reference Entity" means each entity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and any 
Successors. 
"Reference Obligation" means, in respect of a Reference Entity:  
(a) 
the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation, if any; or

--- Page 571 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
565 
 
 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms (or no election is specified), (ii) there is no Standard Reference 
Obligation, and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the Issue 
Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard 
Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation from such date 
onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that is published would 
have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
(b) 
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall 
cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" 
Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Valuation Obligation Characteristic) 
and there shall be no Reference Obligation unless and until such obligation is 
subsequently replaced on the SRO List, in which case, the new Standard Reference 
Obligation in respect of such Reference Entity shall constitute the Reference Obligation. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"Relevant Guarantee" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a Qualifying Affiliate 
Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as being applicable in the Standard, a Qualifying 
Guarantee. 
"Relevant Holder" means a holder of the Prior Valuation Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the 
Quotation Amount determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of a Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of 
the first succession), provided that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between such Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, 
or held by such Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination 
required to be made under the sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor, make the 
appropriate adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference 
Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, 
incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective 
date of the first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable with respect to such 
Reference Entity in the Standard, and the associated Credit Position is a Senior Credit 
Position, then the Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the 
Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable with respect to such 
Reference Entity in the Standard, and the associated Credit Position is a Subordinated 
Credit Position, then the Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any 
Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations 
exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it would if the Credit 
Position were a Senior Credit Position. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement; or

--- Page 572 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
566 
 
 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de 
facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Default Requirement; and 
(b) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to 
any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date (a) if the Obligations to which such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (i) the date 
that is sixty days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first 
payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, 
if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and 
(b) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include 
Bonds, the date that is sixty days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; 
provided that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later 
than the Credit Observation End Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition 
is satisfied. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" means, with respect to a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered 
and effectively received on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the 
Credit Observation End Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee 
has 
Resolved 
that 
an 
event 
that 
constitutes 
a 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the Reference 
Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, by the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice that is effective on or prior to the date that is 
fourteen calendar days after the Credit Observation End Date. 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been 
satisfied, or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
either (i) an event does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an 
Obligation of the Reference Entity, or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity but 
that such event occurred after the Credit Observation End Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred 
on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date. The Calculation Agent shall only deliver a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice where it determines that Publicly Available 
Information exists confirming the existence or occurrence of the relevant Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
"Resolve" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" 
shall be construed accordingly. 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation that is a Bond or Loan and in respect of 
which the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
"Restructuring" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between a Reference 
Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to 
bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by such Reference

--- Page 573 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
567 
 
Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation 
(including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange), and such event is 
not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the 
Credit Observation Start Date and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by 
way of redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual 
of interest, or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to 
any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring: 
 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts 
or has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State 
of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion 
between euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination 
and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of 
conversion; 
 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described 
the definition of Restructuring due to an administrative adjustment, accounting 
adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the 
ordinary course of business; and 
 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described 
in sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) above in circumstances where such event does not 
directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided that, in respect of (e) above 
only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the 
Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros into another 
currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a 
Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
For purposes of this definition of Restructuring, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include 
Underlying Obligations for which a Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In 
the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to such Reference Entity in 
sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) of the definition of Restructuring shall be deemed to refer to the 
Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in the second paragraph of this 
definition shall continue to refer to such Reference Entity.

--- Page 574 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
568 
 
Unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as not applicable to any Reference Entity in the 
Standard then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this definition of Restructuring, the 
occurrence of, or agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of the definition of Restructuring shall not be a Restructuring unless the 
Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
the definition of Restructuring sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) has occurred will be based on a 
comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the 
resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
"Restructuring Date" means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in 
accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Valuation Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Observation End Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with 
the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year 
Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or 
Loan") and the Credit Observation End Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date 
will be the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Senior Credit Position" means a Credit Position attributable to a Reference Entity in respect 
of which (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior 
Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation. 
"Senior Obligation" means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity, (a) "Senior 
Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or (b) if no such 
seniority level is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "Senior Level" if the Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) "Senior 
Level". 
"Settlement Method" means the Settlement Method specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if 
no Settlement Method is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, Auction Settlement.  
"Specified Final Redemption Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
"Specified Number of Business Days" means the number of Business Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its 
website at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time. 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit a Reference 
Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, 
reduced or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute 
capital resources of a particular tier. 
"Sovereign Restructured Valuation Obligation" means an Obligation of a Reference Entity 
which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (i) in respect of 
which a Restructuring that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred and (ii) which fell within the definition of a Valuation Obligation 
set out in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Valuation Obligation immediately preceding the

--- Page 575 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
569 
 
date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the 
documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity 
(including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, 
an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or 
other similar event. 
"Standard" means, in respect of a Reference Entity and the "Transaction Type" identified as 
being applicable in that Reference Entity, the terms set out in the Credit Derivatives Physical 
Settlement Matrix with respect to such Transaction Type, subject to amendment in accordance 
with the definition of "Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix". 
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the 
relevant Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
"Standard Specified Currency" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the 
euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of 
the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be 
a series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by 
one or more entities. 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity existed. 
"Subordinated Credit Position" means a Credit Position attributable to a Reference Entity in 
respect of which the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a 
Subordinated Obligation. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall (in its sole discretion) identify the Substitute Reference 
Obligation in accordance with sub-paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation; provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an 
obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time of the determination, 
such obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such obligation has not 
changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under sub-paragraphs (a) or (c) of the definition of 
Substitution Event have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference 
Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic 
or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and sub-paragraph (c)(ii) 
below). If the event set forth in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Substitution Event 
has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute 
Reference Obligation is available, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue 
to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, 
if earlier, until any of the events set forth under sub-paragraphs (a) or (c) of the definition 
of Substitution Event occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation.

--- Page 576 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
570 
 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee); 
 
satisfies the "Not Subordinated" Valuation Obligation Characteristic as of the date 
it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment 
after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Valuation Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Valuation 
Obligation; or if no such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Valuation Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Valuation Obligation; 
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than 
a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Valuation Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Valuation 
Obligation; or if no such obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Valuation Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Valuation Obligation; or 
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately 
prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(2) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than 
a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Valuation Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Valuation 
Obligation; or if no such obligation is available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Valuation Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Valuation Obligation. 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the 
process described in sub-paragraph (c) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will

--- Page 577 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
571 
 
be the potential Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the 
economic equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations under the Securities, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (in its sole discretion). The Calculation Agent will 
notify the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable 
after it has been identified in accordance with sub-paragraph (c) above and the Substitute 
Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation immediately 
upon such notification. 
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines (in its sole discretion) that no Substitute 
Reference Obligation is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, then, 
subject to sub-paragraph (a) above and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify 
the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on 
which the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it 
has identified in accordance with the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below U.S.$ 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(c) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non- 
Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, 
in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) above has occurred on or prior to the Trade 
Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to sub-paragraphs 
(a) or (b) above, as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice 
to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be 
convened to Resolve a Substitute Reference Obligation to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is 
effective. 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities 
succeed to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of a Reference Entity; provided that if at such 
time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final 
succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination 
pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor would not be affected by any further 
related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date in respect of a Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a 
Successor.

--- Page 578 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
572 
 
"Successor" means, in relation to a Reference Entity (the "Original Reference Entity") and 
subject to sub-paragraph (c) below, the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
(a) 
(i) 
subject to sub-paragraph (vii), if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent. or more of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole 
Successor; 
 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. (but less than seventy-five per cent.) 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-
five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the 
Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of 
the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor; 
 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entities 
that succeed to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will 
each be a Successor and the Credit Position will be divided and the terms of the 
Securities will be amended in accordance with sub-paragraph (g) below; 
 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity and 
the Reference Entity will each be a Successor and the Credit Position will be 
divided and the terms of the Securities will be amended in accordance with sub-
paragraph (g) below; 
 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but 
no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be 
no Successor and the Reference Entity and the Credit Position will not be changed 
in any way as a result of such succession; 
 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but 
no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which 
succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor 
(provided that if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant 
Obligations, each such entity will be a Successor and the Credit Position will be 
divided and the terms of the Securities will be amended in accordance with sub-
paragraph (g) below); and 
 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes 
all of the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference 
Entity, and at the time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has 
ceased to exist, or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved 
(howsoever described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any 
Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the 
assumption, such entity (the "Universal Successor") will be the sole Successor. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably 
practicable after delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the Succession Date, 
any Successor or Successors under sub-paragraph (a) above; provided that the 
Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at the time of determination, the 
DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives

--- Page 579 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
573 
 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to Relevant Obligations. 
If the DC Secretary publicly announces on or following the Trade Date, that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that one or more successors 
exist with respect to a Reference Entity, each such successor entity will be treated as a 
Successor for the purposes of sub-paragraph (g) below. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made 
under this definition of Successor on the basis of Eligible Information and as soon as 
practicable after such calculation or determination will notify the Issuer of such 
calculation or determination. 
In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a 
Successor, if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related 
successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single 
succession. 
(c) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop 
Date, or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the 
Succession Date occurred on or after 1 January 2014;  
 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding 
immediately prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part 
of at least one Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
(d) 
For purposes of this definition of Successor, "succeed" means, with respect to a 
Reference Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than such Reference 
Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation 
of law or pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a Reference Entity that 
is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other 
agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the "Exchange Bonds or Loans") that 
are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case such Reference Entity is not 
thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect to such 
Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For purposes of 
this definition of Successor, "succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(e) 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to sub-paragraph 
(a) above shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant 
Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the 
Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
(f) 
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a 
Relevant Obligation (the "Joint Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation 
of such Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint 
Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to 
such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant 
Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by 
the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which 
succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or 
otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts.

--- Page 580 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
574 
 
(g) 
Where, pursuant to sub-paragraphs (a)(iii), (iv) or (vi) above, more than one Successor 
has been identified, the following terms will apply in respect of the Securities: 
 
except in the case of (iii) below, each Successor will be the Reference Entity for 
the purposes of the Conditions;  
 
except in the case of (iii) below, the Credit Position of each such Successor shall 
be equal to the Credit Position of the Reference Entity to which that Successor 
relates, divided by the number of Successors (including that Original Reference 
Entity if applicable) to that Reference Entity, provided that if any Successor was 
a Reference Entity immediately prior to the relevant succession, the Credit 
Position determined in accordance with the previous sentence shall be added to 
the existing Credit Position of that Reference Entity; and 
 
if the Securities are linked to a single Reference Entity and there is more than one 
Successor to that Reference Entity: 
(A) 
The Securities will not redeem in whole following the occurrence of an 
Event Determination Date in respect of a Successor but an Instalment 
Amount shall be payable following each occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date in respect of any such Successor which shall be 
calculated in the same way as the Final Redemption Amount payable 
following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of the 
Original Reference Entity except that the Credit Position shall be the 
Credit Position of the relevant Successor. The Instalment Date for any such 
Instalment Amount shall be determined in accordance with the provisions 
for determining the Maturity Date following an Event Determination Date. 
In addition, if no Event Determination Date occurs with respect to one or 
more Successors, an Instalment Amount will be due in respect of each such 
Successor on the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if the Maturity Date is 
postponed beyond the Scheduled Maturity Date (assuming for this purpose 
that the provisions in the definition of "Maturity Date" referring to the 
Reference Entity instead refer to the Successor), the Maturity Date, 
equivalent to the Credit Position of the relevant Successor. More than one 
Instalment Amount may be payable on the same day in respect of different 
Successors. 
(B) 
The amount of interest accruing and payable in respect of the Securities 
will be reduced with effect from the date on which it would have been 
reduced upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of 
the Original Reference Entity but the balance on which interest is 
calculated shall only be reduced by the Credit Position of the Successor in 
respect of which the relevant Event Determination Date occurred. 
(C) 
Subject as provided in the definition of "Credit Event", more than one 
Event Determination Date may occur but not more than one Event 
Determination Date may occur with respect to a single Successor.  
 
Upon the identification of more than one Successor, the Calculation Agent shall 
revise the Conditions to reflect the above provisions and preserve as far as 
possible the economic effects of the original Securities and the Issuer will cause 
such revised Conditions to be substituted for the original Conditions and such 
revised Conditions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the 
Issuer, the Holders and the Agents. 
"Successor Backstop Date" means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by 
DC Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request 
Date otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (a) the date on which 
the Successor Notice is effective and (b) in circumstances where (i) a Successor Resolution 
Request Date has occurred, (ii) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to make a Successor determination and (iii) the Successor Notice is delivered by

--- Page 581 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
575 
 
the Calculation Agent to the Issuer not more than fourteen calendar days after the day on which 
the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, the Successor Resolution 
Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention. 
"Successor Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that 
describes a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign 
Succession Event) in respect of which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which 
one or more Successors to a Reference Entity can be determined. 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or 
more Successors to a Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which 
such notice is effective. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means, with respect to a Credit Event in respect of 
a Reference Entity, the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for which the Hypothetical 
Credit Derivative Transaction would be an Auction Covered Transaction, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (in its sole discretion). 
"Transaction Type" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the transaction type specified in 
respect of such Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject 
of the guarantee.  
"Underlying Obligor" means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case 
of a Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation.  
"USD" or "U.S.$" means United States dollars. 
"Valuation Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in London and New York and any additional 
location that is specified in the applicable Standard and a TARGET2 Settlement Day.  
"Valuation Date" means, subject as provided in Credit Linked Provision 11.1 (Settlement 
Suspension) in respect of a Defaulted Credit, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion, any Valuation Business Day falling in the period from and including the Valuation 
Event Date to and including the 125th Valuation Business Day following the Valuation Event 
Date. The Calculation Agent will select as the Valuation Date a day falling on or before the 
72nd Valuation Business Day following the Valuation Event Date unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that material problems exist in the marketplace in delivering obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity under credit default swap contracts, in which case it may select a 
Valuation Date falling after the 72nd Valuation Business Day, but not later than the 125th 
Valuation Business Day, following the Valuation Event Date. 
"Valuation Event Date" means the Event Determination Date (or, if "Cash Settlement" is 
applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with sub-paragraphs (a) 
or (b) of Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction Settlement), the relevant Auction Cancellation 
Date, if any, or the relevant No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable). 
For the avoidance of doubt: 
(a) 
more than one Credit Event Notice may be delivered from time to time following the 
occurrence of an Event Determination Date relating only to an M(M)R Restructuring in 
respect of a Reference Entity, provided that the sum of the Exercise Amounts in respect 
of any such Reference Entity does not exceed the Credit Position;

--- Page 582 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
576 
 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may select a different Valuation Obligation in respect of each 
Valuation Date; and 
(c) 
subject to the other provisions hereof, at any time following the occurrence of an M(M)R 
Restructuring in respect of any Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent may, by delivery 
to the Issuer of a Credit Event Notice relating only to an M(M)R Restructuring, designate 
such Exercise Amount as it determines in its sole discretion to be subject to such Credit 
Event Notice, provided that the Exercise Amount shall be in an amount of at least the 
Minimum Exercise Amount; where, "Minimum Exercise Amount" means the amount 
(if any) specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Valuation Method" means Market, where "Market" means the Market Value determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
"Valuation Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the method described in Credit Linked Provision 6 
(Method for Determining Valuation Obligations); 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which 
is a Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Valuation is applicable, any Sovereign 
Restructured Valuation Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Valuation is applicable, any Prior Valuation Obligation (if "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity in the Standard) or any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Valuation Obligation and (ii) provided that the 
obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than 
zero (determined for purposes of sub-paragraph (d), immediately prior to the relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event). 
Where Auction Settlement applies for the purposes of determining the Final Price, "Valuation 
Obligation" means any obligation that is capable of constituting a deliverable obligation in 
accordance with the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or, as the case may be, the Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Valuation Obligation Category" means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Bond, Loan, or 
Bond or Loan (each as defined in the definition of Obligation Category). 
"Valuation Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, 
Not Domestic Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, 
Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer, and: 
(a) 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a 
minimum, commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction 
of organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, 
without the consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or 
the consent of the applicable borrower if such Reference Entity is guaranteeing such 
Loan) or any agent;  
(b) 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated 
with the consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the 
consent of the relevant borrower if such Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or 
any agent;

--- Page 583 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
577 
 
(c) 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a 
participation agreement, the Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a 
contractual right in favour of a notional protection seller that provides such notional 
protection seller with recourse to the participation seller for a specified share in any 
payments due under the relevant Loan which are received by such participation seller, 
any such agreement to be entered into between (i) such notional protection seller and (ii) 
either (A) the Issuer (to the extent the Issuer was then a lender or a member of the relevant 
lending syndicate), or (B) a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such 
Qualifying Participation Seller is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending 
syndicate); 
(d) 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without 
any contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following 
shall be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for 
resale pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a 
similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment 
restrictions on insurance companies and pension funds; or 
 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting 
periods; 
(e) 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater 
than the period specified in the Standard (or if no such period is specified, thirty years); 
(f) 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, 
whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable 
in full in accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and 
without regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable insolvency laws; and 
(g) 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with 
respect to such bearer instrument are cleared via the Euroclear system, Clearstream 
International or any other internationally recognised clearing system.  
"Valuation Time" means, the time specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or if no such time is 
specified, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, any time at or after 11.00 
a.m. London time in the principal trading market for the Reference Obligation. 
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of 
directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the 
weighted average of firm quotations obtained from Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Valuation Obligation with an Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of as large a size as available but 
less than the Quotation Amount (but of a size at least equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount) 
that in aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
14 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations 
In respect of any Reference Entity in respect of which the Transaction Type is "European Senior 
Non Preferred Financial Corporate" or "Standard European Senior Non Preferred Financial 
Corporate" the following provisions shall be applicable only in respect of such Reference Entity 
(and where there is any conflict between this Credit Linked Provision 14 (Additional Provisions 
for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations) and any other provisions of these Credit 
Linked Provisions, this Credit Linked Provision 14 shall apply).

--- Page 584 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
578 
 
 
"Senior Non-Preferred Credit Position" means a Credit Position attributable to a 
Reference Entity in respect of which this Credit Linked Provision 14 (Additional 
Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations) is specified as applicable. 
A Senior Non Preferred Transaction shall constitute a Subordinated Credit Position for 
the purposes of such definition. 
 
"Senior Non-Preferred Obligation" means any obligation of the Reference Entity 
which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the 
Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity existed, and which 
ranks above Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity or which 
would so rank if any Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity 
existed. A Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall constitute a Subordinated Obligation 
for the purposes of such definition. 
 
"Traditional Subordinated Obligation" means (a) Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of 
the Reference Entity; (b) any obligations of the Reference Entity which rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with any Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the Reference 
Entity; and (c) any obligations of the Reference Entity which are Subordinated to the 
obligations thereto described in (a) and (b) above shall each (without limitation) 
constitute a "Traditional Subordinated Obligation" in respect of a Senior Non Preferred 
Obligation. A Traditional Subordinated Obligation shall constitute a Further 
Subordinated Obligation for the purposes of such definition. 
 
"Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation of the Reference Entity which 
meets the conditions set out in Article 63 of Regulation 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as such Article may be amended or 
replaced from time to time (the "CRR") or which are (or were at any time) otherwise 
eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with the CRR. 
 
"Subordination" shall have the meaning ascribed to that term in Credit Linked Provision 
13 (Definitions) above and such term shall be applied in the assessment of any Obligation 
without regard to how the Obligation is described by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, 
including any characterisation of the Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the laws 
of any relevant jurisdiction. 
 
The definition of "Reference Obligation" in Credit Linked Provision 13 (Definitions) 
above is hereby amended by adding the following proviso to the end of paragraph (a)(i) 
of such definition immediately following the words "if any": 
"provided that, irrespective of any Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
specified in the Issue Terms, if (1) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference 
Obligation of the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such Standard Reference 
Obligation shall be deemed to constitute the Reference Obligation, or (2) no such Senior 
Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity is specified 
on the SRO List but such Standard Reference Obligation has previously been specified 
on the SRO List, there shall be deemed to be no Reference Obligation applicable and 
such previously specified Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of 
the Reference Entity shall be deemed to constitute the Prior Reference Obligation". 
 
"Seniority Level" means Senior Non-Preferred Level. 
15 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement 
In respect of each Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, unless "NTCE Supplement" is stated 
to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, from (and including) (A) the Implementation 
Date (as defined in the ISDA 2019 NTCE Protocol published by ISDA on 27 August 2019 on 
its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto)); or (B) in the case of Securities 
referencing Reference Entities comprising a CDX index or iTraxx index (whether tranched or 
untranched) which has an index annex date (or analogous date) that is prior to such 
Implementation Date, the Trade Date:

--- Page 585 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
579 
 
 
in respect of each such Reference Entity, each of 'Fallback Discounting" and "Credit 
Deterioration Requirement" shall be deemed to be applicable in the related Issue Terms; 
and 
 
the Credit Linked Provisions shall be amended as follows: 
(A) 
the definition of Outstanding Principal Balance in Credit Linked Provision 13 
(Definitions) above shall be deleted and the following substituted therefor: 
""Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the 
Reference Entity's principal payment obligations and, subject as provided 
below, the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment 
obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, 
where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if 
references to the Reference Entity were references to the Underlying 
Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(ii) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant 
to the terms of the obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or 
(B) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by 
way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount 
determined in sub-paragraph (i) less any amounts subtracted in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph (ii), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and 
(iii) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then 
constitute the Outstanding Principal Balance,  
in each case, determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation 
in effect on the Valuation Date; and 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any 
applicable laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the 
claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (iii)(B) above, "applicable laws" shall include 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights to which 
the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject. 
If "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the related Issue Terms, 
then notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an 
obligation is not reduced or discounted under sub-paragraph (iii)(B) above, (ii) 
that obligation is either a Bond that has an issue price less than ninety-five per 
cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount advanced 
is less than ninety-five per cent. of the principal repayment amount, and (iii) such 
Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating to the accretion over time of 
the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment of such 
Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the 
case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall 
be the lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent by straight line interpolation between the issue price of 
the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal redemption 
amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount 
advanced under a Loan is less than ninety-five per cent. of the principal

--- Page 586 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
580 
 
redemption amount or principal repayment amount (as applicable) or, where 
applicable, for applying straight line interpolation: 
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the 
issue price or amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from 
the exchange shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the original obligation(s) that were tendered or 
exchanged (the "Original Obligation(s)") at the time of such exchange 
(determined without regard to market or trading value of the Original 
Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation 
previously issued by the relevant Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan 
shall be treated as having the same issue price or amount advanced as the 
prior debt obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation 
in exchange for the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine 
the allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original 
Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose of 
determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. 
Such allocation will take into account the interest rate, maturity, level of 
subordination and other terms of the obligations that resulted from the exchange 
and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology 
(if any) determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee. 
Where Cash Settlement is specified to be the Settlement Method (or if Cash 
Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with 
the Credit Linked Provisions), Exclude Accrued Interest shall, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, be applicable."; and 
(B) 
the definition of Failure to Pay in Credit Linked Provision 13 (Definitions) above 
shall be deleted and the following substituted therefor: 
""Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period 
(after the satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such 
Grace Period), the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, 
any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement 
under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations 
at the time of such failure. 
If "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the related 
Issue Terms, then, notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure 
to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly either result from, or result in, 
a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference 
Entity. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (i) is a result of a 
redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority and (ii) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time 
of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a 
Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate 
or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference 
to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such 
redenomination." 
16 
Additional Provisions for Contingent Convertible (CoCo) Obligations

--- Page 587 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
581 
 
In respect of any Reference Entity in respect of which the Transaction Type is "Standard 
European CoCo Financial Corporate" or "European CoCo Financial Corporate" the following 
provisions shall be applicable only in respect of such Reference Entity (and where there is any 
conflict between this Credit Linked Provision 16 and any other provisions of these Credit Linked 
Provisions, this Credit Linked Provision 16 shall apply): 
 
If, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not 
less than the Default Requirement, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results 
in (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at 
redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, such event 
shall be deemed to constitute a Governmental Intervention falling within the first 
paragraph of the definition of "Governmental Intervention". 
 
A CoCo Provision shall be deemed to be a provision which permits a Governmental 
Intervention for all purposes under the Credit Linked Provisions. 
 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Capital Ratio" means the ratio of capital to risk weighted assets applicable to the 
Obligation, as described in the terms thereof in effect from time to time. 
"CoCo Provision" means, with respect of an Obligation, a provision which requires (i) 
a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or 
(ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the Capital 
Ratio is at or below the Trigger Percentage. 
"Trigger Percentage" means the trigger percentage specified in the Issue Terms (or if 
no such trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per cent.).

--- Page 588 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
582 
 
 
ANNEX A 
CREDIT DERIVATIVES DETERMINATIONS COMMITTEES 
In making certain determinations with respect to the Securities, the Calculation Agent shall be obliged 
to follow the DC Resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. This Annex sets forth 
a summary of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by the DC 
Secretary on behalf of ISDA on its website at www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any successor 
website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof 
(the "Rules"), as they exist as of the Trade Date. This Annex does not form part of the Credit Linked 
Provisions. This summary is not intended to be exhaustive and prospective investors should also read 
the Rules, and reach their own views prior to making any investment decisions. The most recent version 
of the Rules published by the DC Secretary on behalf of ISDA is available at:  
www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/dc-rules/ (or any successor website thereto) 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this summary have the meaning specified in the Credit Linked 
Provisions or the Rules, as applicable.  
Establishment of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
In accordance with the Rules, a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has been formed for each 
of the regions of (a) the Americas, (b) Asia Ex-Japan, (c) Australia-New Zealand, (d) Europe, Middle 
East and Africa and (e) Japan. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Calculation Agent (or one of 
its Affiliates) is a voting member on each of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. See 
Risk Factor 6.10(k)(iii) "Potential conflicts of interest due to the involvement of the Calculation Agent 
with the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees" for additional information regarding conflicts 
of interest. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will act in accordance with the Rules and 
will make determinations in connection with Credit Derivative Transactions that have incorporated, or 
are deemed to have incorporated, the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (the "2014 Definitions") 
or the Updated 2003 Definitions, in each case, as published by ISDA. Pursuant to the Rules, ISDA may 
serve as, or may, at any time and from time to time, appoint a third party to act as the secretary of each 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (the "DC Secretary"). As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, DC Administration Services, Inc. currently acts as DC Secretary and will perform the 
administrative duties and make certain determinations as provided under the Rules. The DC Secretary 
does not have a vote in relation to any question brought before a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee. 
Decision-making Process of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Each DC Resolution by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will apply to Credit Derivative 
Transactions that incorporate, or are deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 
Definitions and for which the relevant provisions are not materially inconsistent with the provisions with 
respect to which the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee bases its determination. As a result, 
except pursuant to the terms of the Securities, determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees are not otherwise applicable to the Holders. Furthermore, the institutions on the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees owe no duty to the Holders. Under the terms of the Securities, 
certain determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be binding on the 
Holders. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees shall have no ability to amend the terms of 
the Securities. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to make determinations 
without action or knowledge by the Holders.  
Any determination by the Calculation Agent that a Credit Event or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, 
as applicable (each a "Relevant Event"), may have occurred for the purposes of the Credit Linked 
Provisions shall not be construed as a determination by the Calculation Agent that any relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened to Resolve whether such Relevant Event has 
occurred or that if any relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has convened to Resolve 
whether such Relevant Event has occurred, such Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will so 
Resolve that such Relevant Event has occurred.

--- Page 589 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
583 
 
A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened upon referral of (a) a question to the 
DC Secretary by an identified Eligible Market Participant and the agreement of at least one of the voting 
members of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question (other 
than in respect of a Qualifying CCP Question (as further outlined in the Rules)) or (b) a general interest 
question to the DC Secretary by an unidentified eligible market participant and the agreement of at least 
two of the voting members of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate 
the question. In each case, the identity of such voting member(s) who agree to deliberate the relevant 
question will not be disclosed by the DC Secretary. The DC Secretary will convene the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee (a) for each region, where the Rules provide that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee for each region shall be convened or (b) for the region that includes the 
Relevant Transaction Type, where the Rules do not provide that a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee for each region shall be convened, in each case, to which the referred question relates, as 
determined in accordance with the Rules. Any party to a Credit Derivative Transaction that incorporates, 
or is deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions or a central clearing 
counterparty with an open interest in any such Credit Derivative Transaction may refer a question to the 
DC Secretary for a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to consider. Therefore, a binding 
determination may be made with respect to the Securities without any action by the Holders. See Risk 
Factor 6.10(k)(i) "Holders (in their capacity as holders of the Securities) will not be able to refer 
questions to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees" for additional information regarding the 
lack of Holder involvement in determinations made by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees. 
Once a question is referred to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, a DC Resolution may 
result quickly, as a binding vote usually must occur within two business days of the first meeting held 
with respect to such question unless the timeframe is shortened or extended or the relevant question is 
dismissed or transferred in the limited circumstances permitted by the Rules, in each case, by agreement 
of at least 80 per cent. of the voting members participating in a vote held in accordance with the Rules 
(a "Supermajority"). In addition, voting members of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
are required to participate in each binding vote, subject only to limited abstention rights in the event that 
a voting member is the Reference Entity that is the subject of the relevant meeting. Notices of questions 
referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, meetings held to deliberate such 
questions, lists of voting members attending any meetings and the results of binding votes will be 
published on the website of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and neither the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent nor any of their respective Affiliates shall be obliged to inform the Holders of such 
information. Holders shall therefore be responsible for obtaining such information. See Risk Factor 
6.10(k)(v) "Holders are responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees" for additional information. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees have the ability to make determinations that may 
materially affect the Holders. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to make a 
broad range of determinations in accordance with the Rules that may be relevant to the Securities and 
materially affect the Holders. For each of the general types of questions discussed below, the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees may determine component questions that arise under the 2014 
Definitions, or the Rules and that are related to the initial question referred. Since the terms governing 
the credit-linked elements of the Securities are substantially similar to the 2014 Definitions, such 
determinations may affect the Holders, as further described below. 
Credit Events 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether a Credit Event has 
occurred in respect of a Reference Entity and the date of such Credit Event. Related questions that are 
also within the scope of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are whether a Potential 
Failure to Pay or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity (such 
determination being a "Credit Event Resolution"). In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees will also determine, where necessary, whether the required Publicly Available Information 
has been provided. Each of these determinations, other than whether the required Publicly Available 
Information has been provided, requires the agreement of a Supermajority in order to avoid the referral 
of the question to the external review process, as described further below. The determination of whether 
the required Publicly Available Information has been provided requires the agreement of more than 50 
per cent. of the voting members participating in a binding vote held in accordance with the Rules (a 
"Majority") and is not eligible for external review. Each of these determinations may affect whether a

--- Page 590 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
584 
 
Credit Event will occur and, therefore, whether an Event Determination Date will occur, in each case, 
under the Securities. To the extent that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that 
a Credit Event has occurred with respect to one of the Reference Entity(ies) on or after the Credit 
Observation Start Date, an Event Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred on the relevant 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date if such Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior 
to the last day after the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date). Notwithstanding the 
scope of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, the Calculation Agent may still declare a 
Credit Event and deliver a Credit Event Notice even if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has not Resolved that a Credit Event has occurred, provided that a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has not Resolved that a Credit Event has not occurred. 
Successor Resolutions 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine (a) the relevant obligations 
of the Reference Entity that is the subject of a relevant meeting, (b) the proportion of the relevant 
obligations to which each purported Successor succeeds and (c) the Succession Date in order to determine 
the identity of the Successor(s). In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will also 
determine the identity of the Successor(s) in accordance with the Rules and whether a Sovereign 
Succession Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign (each a "Successor 
Resolution"). If a Successor Resolution relates to a Reference Entity for which either (a) a Standard 
Reference Obligation is included on the SRO List or (b) a Package Observable Bond is included on the 
POB List, the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may, in each case, with the 
agreement of a Majority to direct the SRO Administrator or the POB Administrator (as applicable) to 
make any adjustments to the SRO List or the POB List (as applicable) as it deems suitable and appropriate 
to reflect such Successor Resolution. 
Subject as provided above, each of these determinations requires the agreement of a Supermajority in 
order to avoid the referral of the question to the external review process, as described further below, 
except for the actual identification of the Successor(s) (which only requires the agreement of a Majority 
and is not eligible for external review). The Calculation Agent will use the relevant DC Resolutions of 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees in order to determine Successor(s) to the Reference 
Entity(ies). 
Other Questions 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether a Substitution 
Event has occurred such that a Substitute Reference Obligation should be identified and, if so, the 
appropriate Substitute Reference Obligation and Substitution Event Date. In addition, the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether an entity that acts as seller of 
protection under one or more transactions (such entity, the "Relevant Seller") or a Reference Entity has 
consolidated or amalgamated with, or merged into, or transferred all or substantially all its assets to, the 
Reference Entity or the Relevant Seller, as applicable, or that the Relevant Seller and the Affected 
Reference Entity have become Affiliates. Each of these determinations requires the agreement of a 
Supermajority in order to avoid the referral of the question to the external review process, as described 
further below. The Calculation Agent may follow such DC Resolutions in making the equivalent 
determinations with respect to the Securities. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine other referred questions 
that are relevant to the credit derivatives market as a whole and are not merely a matter of bilateral 
dispute. Such questions require the agreement of a Supermajority for each Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee implicated by the relevant question, as determined in accordance with the 
Rules, in order to avoid the possible referral of the question to the external review process, as described 
further below. In cases where the required voting threshold is not satisfied, the question will be referred 
to the external review process if a Majority agree. Any guidance given by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees with respect to questions of interpretation of the 2014 Definitions are likely 
to influence the Calculation Agent in interpreting equivalent provisions under the Securities. 
Any General Interest Question can be submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
by an unidentified Eligible Market Participant for deliberation. The relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee(s) will deliberate such question upon the agreement of at least two of the 
voting members of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question.

--- Page 591 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
585 
 
Once the deliberations on such question have commenced, the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee will proceed in accordance with the procedures described above with respect 
to the relevant question category, except that the identity of the Eligible Market Participant who 
submitted the question will not be revealed to the members of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees or the general public. 
Auction Resolutions 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether one or more 
auctions will be held to settle the relevant Credit Derivative Transactions in respect of which a Credit 
Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity in accordance with the terms of the Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. Such determination requires the agreement of a Majority (provided that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not determined by a Supermajority that no 
Deliverable Obligations exist in respect of the relevant Reference Entity). In addition, the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees will also determine the Final List of Deliverable Obligations in 
respect of a relevant Auction. Such determination requires the agreement of a Supermajority in order to 
avoid the referral of such matter to the external review process, as further described below. For more 
information about the operation of Auctions, see "Auction Settlement Terms" in Annex B to the Credit 
Linked Provisions. 
External Review 
As described immediately above, certain questions deliberated by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees are subject to an external review process if the required threshold is not met during the 
binding vote held with respect to such question. For such questions, if a Supermajority (or, in the case of 
certain questions, a Majority) fails to resolve such issue following a binding vote, the question will be 
automatically referred to the external review process. Questions that are not eligible for external review 
often require only a Majority to agree in order to reach a DC Resolution. 
Questions referred to external review will be considered by a panel of three independent individuals who 
will be selected by either the unanimous decision of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee or, if such unanimous decision is not reached, by the DC Secretary at random. The default 
duration of the external review process (which can be modified by a Supermajority of the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with the Rules) is twelve business days from the 
referral of the question and contemplates the receipt of both written submissions and oral argument. Any 
member of ISDA may provide written submissions to the external reviewers, which will be made 
available to the public on the website of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, and the 
conclusion reached in accordance with the external review process will be binding on the Holders. In 
instances where the vote of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was less than or 
equal to 60 per cent., the decision of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
determinative unless the majority of the external reviewers agree to overturn the original vote of such 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. However, in instances where the vote of the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was between 60 per cent. and 80 per cent., all three 
external reviewers must agree in order to overturn the vote of such Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee.  
Holders should be aware that the external reviewers may not consider new information that was not 
available to the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee at the time of the binding vote 
and questions may be returned to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee for another vote if 
new information becomes available. In addition, if the external reviewers fail to arrive at a decision for 
any reason, the entire process will be repeated. As a result, the external review process may be elongated 
in certain situations, leaving questions that may materially affect the Holders unresolved for a period of 
time. 
The Composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Subject as provided in the Rules, each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is composed of 
fifteen voting members and three non-voting consultative members. Ten of the voting members are dealer 
institutions, with eight serving across all regions and two potentially varying by region. The other five 
voting members are non-dealer institutions that serve across all regions. The three non-voting 
consultative members consist of one dealer institution and one non-dealer institution that serve across all

--- Page 592 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
586 
 
regions and one dealer institution that could potentially vary by region. For the first composition of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees only, an additional non-voting dealer institution has been 
selected to serve across all regions. 
Holders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. 
Separate criteria applies with respect to the selection of dealer and non-dealer institutions to serve on the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and the Holders will have no role in establishing such 
criteria. In addition, the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will change 
from time to time in accordance with the Rules, as the term of an institution may expire or an institution 
may be required to be replaced. The Holders will have no control over the process for selecting 
institutions to participate on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and, to the extent 
provided for in the Securities, will be subject to the determinations made by such selected institutions in 
accordance with the Rules. 
Ability of the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates to influence the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a voting member 
on each of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. In such capacity, it may take certain 
actions that may influence the process and outcome of decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees, including (without limitation): (a) agreeing to deliberate a question referred to the DC 
Secretary, (b) voting on the resolution of any question being deliberated by a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and (c) advocating a certain position during the external review process. In 
addition, as a party to Credit Derivatives Transactions which incorporate, or are deemed to incorporate, 
the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions, the Calculation Agent may refer a question to the 
DC Secretary for a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate. In deciding whether to 
take any such action, the Calculation Agent (or its Affiliate) shall be under no obligation to consider the 
interests of any Holder. See "Potential conflicts of interest of the Calculation Agent" below for additional 
information. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest of the Calculation Agent 
Since, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a voting 
member on each of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and is a party to Credit Derivative 
Transactions which incorporate, or are deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions, it may take certain 
actions which may influence the process and outcome of decisions of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. See "Ability of the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates to influence the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees" above for additional information. Such action may be adverse 
to the interests of the Holders and may result in an economic benefit accruing to the Calculation Agent. 
In taking any action relating to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees or performing any 
duty under the Rules, the Calculation Agent shall have no obligation to consider the interests of the 
Holders and may ignore any conflict of interest arising due to its responsibilities under the Securities. 
Holders will have no recourse against either the institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees or the external reviewers. Institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees and the external reviewers, among others, disclaim any duty of care or 
liability arising in connection with the performance of duties or the provision of advice under the Rules, 
except in the case of gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct. Furthermore, the institutions on the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees do not owe any duty to the Holders and the Holders will 
be prevented from pursuing claims with respect to actions taken by such institutions under the Rules.  
Holders should also be aware that institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees have no duty to research or verify the veracity of information on which a specific 
determination is based. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are not obligated 
to follow previous determinations and, therefore, could reach a conflicting determination for a similar 
set of facts.  
Holders shall be responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees, meetings held to deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes will be published 
on the website of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and neither the Issuer, the

--- Page 593 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
587 
 
Calculation Agent nor any of their respective Affiliates shall be obliged to inform the Holders of such 
information. Failure by the Holders to be aware of information relating to deliberations of a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee will have no effect under the Securities and Holders are solely 
responsible for obtaining any such information. 
Amendments to the Rules 
The Rules may be amended from time to time without the consent or input of the Holders and the powers 
of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may be expanded or modified as a result, in each 
case, in accordance with the Rules.

--- Page 594 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
588 
 
ANNEX B 
AUCTION SETTLEMENT TERMS 
If an Event Determination Date occurs with respect to a Reference Entity and Auction Settlement applies, 
the Final Redemption Amount with respect to the Securities will be calculated based on the Auction Final 
Price for such Reference Entity (if any). This Annex contains a summary of certain provisions of the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. ("ISDA") on 12 March 2009 as Annex B to the 2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees and Auction Settlement Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (the "Form of Auction Settlement Terms") and is qualified by reference to the detailed 
provisions thereof. This Annex does not form part of the Credit Linked Provisions. The following does 
not purport to be complete and prospective investors must refer to the Form of Auction Settlement Terms 
for detailed information regarding the auction methodology set forth therein (the "Auction 
Methodology"). The Auction and the Auction Methodology apply to credit default swaps on the Reference 
Entity and do not apply specifically to the Securities; however, if an Event Determination Date occurs 
and an Auction is held, the Calculation Agent will apply the Auction Final Price to the Securities. See 
Credit Linked Provision 1.2 (Auction Settlement) in the Credit Linked Provisions. A copy of the Form of 
Auction Settlement Terms is currently available at: 
https://www.isda.org/a/kS6EE/Auction-Settlement-Terms-CLEAN.doc (or any successor page thereto) 
Holders of the Securities should be aware that (i) the Form of Auction Settlement Terms available from 
the above website has not been updated to account for the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as 
published by ISDA and (ii) this summary of the Form of Auction Settlement Terms is accurate only as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and such Form of Auction Settlement Terms may be amended in 
accordance with the Rules (as defined below) at any time (and from time to time) at a later date without 
consultation with the Holders. At any time after the date of this Base Prospectus, the latest Form of 
Auction Settlement Terms will be available on the ISDA website at www.isda.org (or any successor 
website thereto). Further, notwithstanding the fact that the Form of Auction Settlement Terms (as may 
be amended from time to time) appears on the ISDA website, the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees have the power to amend the form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for a 
particular auction and this summary may therefore not be accurate in all cases (for further information 
about the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, see "Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees" at Annex A of the Credit Linked Provisions).  
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this summary have the meaning specified in the Credit Linked 
Provisions. All times of day in this summary refer to such times in New York City. 
Publication of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
Pursuant to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by the DC Secretary 
on behalf of ISDA on its website at www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any successor website 
thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof (the 
"Rules"), a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may determine that a Credit Event has 
occurred in respect of a Reference Entity (such entity, an "Affected Reference Entity") and that one or 
more auctions will be held in order to settle affected transactions referencing such Affected Reference 
Entity based upon an Auction Final Price determined according to an auction procedure set forth in the 
Form of Auction Settlement Terms (each, an "Auction"). If an Auction is to be held, the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee will publish Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in 
respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity, based upon the Form of Auction Settlement Terms. In 
doing so, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will make several related determinations, 
including the Auction Date, the Participating Bidders and the supplemental terms that are detailed in 
Schedule 1 to the Form of Auction Settlement Terms. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
may also amend the Form of Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction and may determine that 
a public comment period is necessary in order to effect such an amendment if such amendment is not 
contemplated by the Rules. 
Certain matters regarding Auctions following a Restructuring Credit Event

--- Page 595 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
589 
 
Following the occurrence of a Credit Event, all Deliverable Obligations of the affected Reference Entity 
tend to trade at the same price. However, in the event of a Restructuring Credit Event, bonds with a 
shorter remaining maturity tend to trade at a higher price than bonds with a longer-dated maturity. If 
either "Mod R" or "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable with respect to a Reference Entity then certain 
maturity limitations in the Mod R and Mod Mod R provisions will apply to limit the maturity of 
Deliverable Obligations based on the maturity of the Securities. 
In cases where settlement of a Credit Derivative Transaction is triggered by Buyer, and Mod R (being 
market standard for Credit Derivative Transactions referencing North American corporate entities to 
which Restructuring is applicable) or Mod Mod R (being market standard for Credit Derivative 
Transactions referencing European corporate entities) is applicable, any obligation which Buyer wishes 
to Deliver to Seller must not only constitute a Deliverable Obligation but must also satisfy additional 
requirements as to transferability (for Mod R, being a Fully Transferable Obligation and for Mod Mod 
R, being a Conditionally Transferable Obligation) and as to its final maturity date. 
(a) 
Pursuant to Mod R, Deliverable Obligations must (A) be Transferable (in the case of bonds) or 
capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of any 
person being required and (B) have a final maturity date not later than the applicable 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date. This date is the earlier of: 
 
30 months following the Restructuring Date; and 
 
the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan, provided, however, that 
the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date shall not be earlier than the Credit 
Observation End Date. 
(b) 
Pursuant to Mod Mod R, Deliverable Obligations must (A) be either Transferable (in the case 
of bonds) or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees without 
the consent of any person required and (B) have a final maturity date not later than the applicable 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date. This date is the later of: 
 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; and 
 
120 months following the Restructuring Date. 
Following the determination by a relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee that a 
Restructuring Credit Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity for which either Mod R or Mod 
Mod R is specified, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will compile a Final List of 
Deliverable Obligations and, for each maturity bucket (each, a "Maturity Bucket"), the range of swap 
maturity dates of credit derivative swap transactions assigned to each Maturity Bucket. Broadly speaking, 
eight separate Maturity Buckets have been established for credit default swap transactions for which Mod 
or Mod Mod R is applicable. The first seven such Maturity Buckets will each encompass a maturity 
period that ends, respectively, 2.5 years, 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years, 12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years 
following the Restructuring Date; and the eighth Maturity Bucket will encompass a maturity period 
ending after 20 years following the Restructuring Date (each such ending date, a "Maturity Bucket End 
Date"). The Maturity Bucket to which the Securities will be notionally "assigned" will the one in which 
the Scheduled Maturity Date is expected to fall. 
Deliverable Obligations which are Fully Transferable or Conditionally Transferable, as the case may be, 
and which have a final maturity date on or prior to the relevant Maturity Bucket End Date for the Maturity 
Bucket to which the Securities are assigned will be Deliverable Obligations for the purposes of the 
Maturity Bucket to which the Securities are assigned and for those Maturity Buckets with later Maturity 
Bucket End Dates, if any. 
Following the publication of the Final List, there may be no Auctions held for certain Maturity Buckets, 
either because: (a) there are no Deliverable Obligations that are not common between such buckets with 
a shorter-dated bucket; or (b) the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has determined that an 
Auction for such buckets are not warranted for reasons such as there being a limited notional volume of 
credit derivative transactions with maturities falling within such buckets. If at least 300 credit derivative 
transactions are triggered after a Restructuring Credit Event determination with respect to a given 
maturity bucket which would be likely to be covered by a single set of Credit Derivatives Auction

--- Page 596 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
590 
 
Settlement Terms and five or more credit derivative dealers are parties to such transactions (or, otherwise, 
if the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee so determines), an Auction will be held for such 
maturity bucket. 
Where there are no Deliverable Obligations that such Maturity Buckets do not share with a shorter-dated 
Maturity Bucket, the relevant Auction for the purposes of the Securities will be the next earlier Maturity 
Bucket that does not suffer from the same lack of Deliverable Obligations. 
If no Auction is to be held for the Maturity Bucket corresponding to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the 
Securities, the Calculation Agent may, in its sole discretion, determine that the Auction Final Price should 
be determined pursuant to another Auction, in respect of the next earlier Maturity Bucket for which an 
Auction is being held, by exercising the Movement Option. The Auction will take place no earlier than 
six business days following the relevant Exercise Cut-off Date. If the Calculation Agent does not exercise 
the Movement Option, the Securities will be settled in accordance with the Cash Settlement Method. 
Auction Methodology 
Determining the Auction Currency Rate 
On the Auction Currency Fixing Date, the Administrators will determine the rate of conversion (each, 
an "Auction Currency Rate") as between the Relevant Currency and the currency of denomination of 
each Deliverable Obligation (each, a "Relevant Pairing") by reference to a Currency Rate Source or, if 
such Currency Rate Source is unavailable, by seeking mid-market rates of conversion from Participating 
Bidders (determined by each such Participating Bidder in a commercially reasonable manner) for each 
such Relevant Pairing. If rates of conversion are sought from Participating Bidders and more than three 
such rates are obtained by the Administrators, the Auction Currency Rate will be the arithmetic mean of 
such rates, without regard to the rates having the highest and lowest values. If exactly three rates are 
obtained, the Auction Currency Rate will be the rate remaining after disregarding the rates having the 
highest and lowest values. For this purpose, if more than one rate has the same highest or lowest value, 
then one of such rates shall be disregarded. If fewer than three rates are obtained, it will be deemed that 
the Auction Currency Rate cannot be determined for such Relevant Pairing. 
Initial Bidding Period 
During the Initial Bidding Period, Participating Bidders will submit to the Administrators: (a) Initial 
Market Bids; (b) Initial Market Offers; (c) Dealer Physical Settlement Requests; and (d) Customer 
Physical Settlement Requests (to the extent received from customers). 
Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers are firm quotations, expressed as percentages, to enter into 
credit derivative transactions in respect of the Affected Reference Entity on terms equivalent to the 
Representative Auction-Settled Transaction. 
The Initial Market Bid and Initial Market Offer submitted by each Participating Bidder must differ by no 
more than the Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread of par and must be an integral multiple of the 
Relevant Pricing Increment. The Initial Market Bid must be less than the Initial Market Offer. 
Dealer Physical Settlement Requests and Customer Physical Settlement Requests are firm commitments, 
submitted by a Participating Bidder, on its own behalf or on behalf of a customer, as applicable, to enter 
into a Representative Auction-Settled Transaction, in each case, as seller (in which case, such 
commitment will be a "Physical Settlement Buy Request") or buyer (in which case, such commitment 
will be a "Physical Settlement Sell Request"). Each Dealer Physical Settlement Request must be, to the 
best of such Participating Bidder's knowledge and belief, in the same direction as, and not in excess of, 
its Market Position. Each Customer Physical Settlement Request must be, to the best of the relevant 
customer's knowledge and belief (aggregated with all Customer Physical Settlement Requests submitted 
by such customer), in the same direction as, and not in excess of, its Market Position. 
If the Administrators do not receive valid Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers from at least a 
minimum number of Participating Bidders (as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant 
Affected Reference Entity), the timeline will be adjusted and the Initial Bidding Period extended, with 
the Auction recommencing at such time(s) specified by the Administrators, otherwise it will proceed as 
follows.

--- Page 597 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
591 
 
Determination of Open Interest, Initial Market Midpoint and Adjustment Amounts 
The Administrators will calculate the Open Interest, the Initial Market Midpoint and any Adjustment 
Amounts in respect of the Auction. 
The Open Interest is the difference between all Physical Settlement Sell Requests and all Physical 
Settlement Buy Requests. 
To determine the Initial Market Midpoint, the Administrators will: (a) sort the Initial Market Bids in 
descending order and the Initial Market Offers in ascending order, identifying non-tradable markets for 
which bids are lower than offers; (b) sort non-tradable markets in terms of tightness of spread between 
Initial Market Bid and Initial Market Offer; and (c) identify that half of the non-tradable markets with 
the tightest spreads. The Initial Market Midpoint is determined as the arithmetic mean of the Initial 
Market Bids and Initial Market Offers contained in the half of non-tradable markets with the tightest 
spreads. 
Any Participating Bidder whose Initial Market Bid or Initial Market Offer forms part of a tradable market 
will be required to make a payment to ISDA on the third Business Day after the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date (an "Adjustment Amount"), calculated in accordance with the Auction 
Methodology. Any payments of Adjustment Amounts shall be used by ISDA to defray any costs related 
to any auction that ISDA has coordinated, or that ISDA will in the future coordinate, for purposes of 
settlement of credit derivative transactions. 
If for any reason no single Initial Market Midpoint can be determined, the procedure set out above may 
be repeated. 
At or prior to the Initial Bidding Information Publication Time on any day on which the Initial Bidding 
Period has successfully concluded, the Administrators publish the Open Interest, the Initial Market 
Midpoint and the details of any Adjustment Amounts in respect of the Auction. 
If the Open Interest is zero, the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint. 
Submission of Limit Order Submissions 
In the event that the Open Interest does not equal zero, a subsequent bidding period will be commenced 
during the Initial Bidding Period which: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, 
Participating Bidders submit Limit Bids; or (b) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable 
Obligations, Limit Offers, in each case, on behalf of customers and for their own account. 
Matching bids and offers 
If the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will match the Open 
Interest against all Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as further described in the Auction 
Methodology. If the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will 
match the Open Interest against all Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids, as further described in the Auction 
Methodology. 
(a) 
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Filled 
The Auction Final Price will be the price associated with the matched market that is the highest 
offer or the lowest bid, as applicable, provided that: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell 
and the price associated with the lowest matched bid is more than the Cap Amount higher than 
the Initial Market Midpoint, then the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint 
plus the Cap Amount; and (b) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase and the price associated 
with the highest offer is more than the Cap Amount lower than the Initial Market Midpoint, then 
the Auction Final Price will be the Initial market Midpoint minus the Cap Amount. 
(b) 
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Not Filled 
If, once all the Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids or Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as 
applicable, have been matched to the Open Interest, part of the Open Interest remains, the 
Auction Final Price will be: (a) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations,

--- Page 598 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
592 
 
the greater of (i) 100 per cent. and (ii) the highest Limit Offer or Initial Market Offer received; 
or (b) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, zero. 
100 per cent. Cap to Auction Final Price 
In all cases, if the Auction Final Price determined pursuant to the Auction Methodology is greater than 
100 per cent., then the Auction Final Price will be deemed to be 100 per cent. 
Publication of Auction Final Price 
At or prior to the Subsequent Bidding Information Publication Time on any day on which the subsequent 
bidding period has successfully concluded, the Administrators will publish on their websites: (a) the 
Auction Final Price; (b) the names of the Participating Bidders who submitted bids, offers, valid Dealer 
Physical Settlement Requests and valid Customer Physical Settlement Requests, together with the details 
of all such bids and offers submitted by each; and (c) the details and size of all matched trades. 
Execution of Trades Formed in the Auction 
Each Participating Bidder whose Limit Bid or Initial Market Bid (or Limit Offer or Initial Market Offer 
if applicable) is matched against the Open Interest, and each Participating Bidder that submitted a 
Customer Physical Settlement Request or Dealer Physical Settlement Request, is deemed to have entered 
into a Representative Auction-Settled Transaction, and each customer that submitted such a Limit Bid, 
Limit Offer, or Physical Settlement Request is deemed to have entered into a Representative Auction-
Settled Transaction with the dealer through whom the customer submitted such bid or offer. Accordingly, 
each such Participating Bidder or customer that is a seller of Deliverable Obligations pursuant to a trade 
formed in the auction must deliver to the buyer to whom such Participating Bidder or customer has been 
matched a Notice of Physical Settlement indicating the Deliverable Obligations that it will deliver, and 
such Deliverable Obligations will be sold to the buyer in exchange for payment of the relevant Auction 
Final Price. 
Timing of Auction Settlement Provisions 
If an Auction is held in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, it is expected that the relevant Auction 
Date will occur on the third Business Day immediately prior to the 30th calendar day after which the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee received the request from an eligible market 
participant (endorsed by a member of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee) to 
resolve whether a Credit Event has occurred with respect to such Reference Entity. 
In respect of an Affected Reference Entity for which an Auction is held, the Auction Settlement Date 
will occur on a Business Day following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, as determined by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity (or if not specified in such Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, the third Business Day following the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date). 
The expected timeline is illustrated in the diagram below. Holders should be aware that the expected 
timeline is subject to amendment (and may be subject to acceleration or delay) upon agreement by at 
least 80 per cent. (by number) of the voting members of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee.

--- Page 599 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
593 
 
Auction Timeline 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delayed Auction Provisions 
The Auction timing may be adjusted under the relevant following circumstances: (a) the occurrence of 
an event or news the occurrence of which two or more Participating Bidders consider has or could have 
a material effect on the Auction Final Price; (b) if the Administrators are unable to determine an Auction 
Currency Rate on the Auction Currency Fixing Date with respect to each Relevant Pairing; (c) if the 
Auction Methodology does not result in an Auction Final Price for any reason (including, but not limited 
to, the failure to receive the minimum number of valid Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers); or 
(d) any combination of (a), (b) and (c). 
Auction Cancellation 
If an Auction Final Price has not been determined on or prior to: (a) the fifth Business Day following the 
Auction Date, in the events described in clause (a) or (d) of "Delayed Auction Provisions" above; or (b) 
the second Business Day following the Auction Date, in the events described in clause (b) or (c) of 
"Delayed Auction Provisions" above, then the Auction will be deemed to have been cancelled and the 
Administrators and ISDA will announce the occurrence of such cancellation on their respective websites. 
Ability of the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates to influence the outcome of the Auction 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a leading dealer 
in the credit derivatives market. There is a high probability that the Calculation Agent (or one of its 
Affiliates) would act as a Participating Bidder in any Auction held with respect to the Reference Entity. 
In such capacity, it may take certain actions which may influence the Auction Final Price including 
(without limitation): (a) providing rates of conversion to determine the Auction Currency Rate; (b) 
30 calendar days minus 3 Business Days ** 
Maximum 40 hours 
10 calendar days 
Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee 
considers question 
Convene Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee* 
ISDA, as secretary, 
determines relevant 
Transaction Type 
Eligible market participant requests meeting in 
writing, endorsed by a voting member of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Credit 
Event 
Auction Resolution 
Publication of Final List of 
Deliverable Obligations 
Publication of Draft 
Auction Settlement Terms 
Auction Date 
X Business 
Days*** 
3 Business 
Days 
Auction Settlement Date 
Maturity Date 
* If a binding vote was not held by email. 
 
** Can be amended by majority vote of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
 
***This assumes that the Auction Final Price is determined on the Auction Date (see "Delayed Auction 
Provisions" and "Auction Cancellation"). Where X" is a number of Business Days determined by the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity. 
 
Timeline subject to amendment by 80% vote of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.

--- Page 600 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
594 
 
submitting Initial Market Bids, Initial Market Offers and Dealer Physical Settlement Requests; and (c) 
submitting limit Bids and Limit Offers. In deciding whether to take any such action (or whether to act as 
a Participating Bidder in any Auction), the Calculation Agent (or its Affiliate) shall be under no 
obligation to consider the interests of any Holder. 
Certain Definitions 
"Administrators" means both Markit Group Limited and Creditex Securities Corp., acting together, or 
such other entities as may be appointed to perform the role of the Administrators by ISDA from time to 
time. 
"Auction Covered Transactions" means all credit derivative transactions referencing the Affected 
Reference Entity which satisfy the criteria set forth in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity, including in respect of the provisions in such credit 
derivative transactions that set forth the criteria for establishing what obligations may constitute 
Deliverable Obligations (or, in the case of a cash settled credit derivative transaction, the provisions 
therein that set forth the criteria for establishing what obligations may be valued to determine a final 
price). 
"Auction Currency Fixing Date" means, with respect to a relevant transaction type included in: (a) the 
Americas, the business day prior to the Auction Date; and (b) any other region, two business days prior 
to the Auction Date; and in each case as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected 
Reference Entity. 
"Auction Date" means the date on which the relevant Auction will be held, as determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" means the day, if any, on which the Auction Final Price is 
determined. 
"Auction Settlement Date" means a Business Day following the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date, as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity. 
"Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally 
open to settle payments in, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Affected Reference Entity is included 
in: (a) the Americas, New York; and (b) otherwise, London.  
"Cap Amount" means the percentage that is equal to one half of the Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer 
Spread (rounded to the nearest Relevant Pricing Increment). 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Refinitiv at 4.00 
p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee.   
"Initial Bidding Information Publication Time" has the meaning determined by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect 
of the relevant Affected Reference Entity. 
"Initial Bidding Period" means the period initially determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant 
Affected Reference Entity, as such period may be extended by the Administrators, inter alia, to preserve 
the integrity of an Auction. 
"Market Position" means, with respect to a Participating Bidder or customer, as applicable, the 
aggregate amount of Deliverable Obligations that the relevant Participating Bidder or customer, as 
applicable, would have to buy or sell in order to obtain an identical risk profile after the Auction 
Settlement Date compared to its risk profile prior to the Auction Settlement Date with respect to all 
Auction Covered Transactions (excluding those Auction Covered Transactions for which the trade date 
is the Auction Final Price Determination Date) and all Auction-Linked Cash Settled Transactions to

--- Page 601 ---
Credit Linked Provisions 
 
595 
 
which such Participating Bidder, or any affiliate of such Participating Bidder, as applicable, or such 
customer, or any affiliate of such customer, as applicable, is a party and to which every other party is an 
Auction Party, such risk profile to be determined without regard to whether the original transactions were 
documented as cash settled or physically settled transactions. 
"Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread" means the percentage determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity. 
"Participating Bidders" means the institutions that will act as participating bidders in the Auction. 
"Relevant Pricing Increment" has the meaning determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant 
Affected Reference Entity. 
"Representative Auction-Settled Transaction" means an hypothetical single-name, physically settled 
credit default swap transaction referencing the Affected Reference Entity with the standard terms 
specified in the Form of Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Subsequent Bidding Information Publication Time" has the meaning determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity.

--- Page 602 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
596 
 
FUND LINKED PROVISIONS 
 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days .......................................................................................... 596 
 
1.1 
Single Fund and Reference Dates ............................................................................... 596 
 
1.2 
Single Fund and Averaging Dates .............................................................................. 596 
 
1.3 
Fund Basket and Reference Dates .............................................................................. 597 
 
1.4 
Fund Basket and Averaging Dates .............................................................................. 598 
2. 
Fallback Valuation Date ........................................................................................................ 599 
3. 
Correction of Prices ............................................................................................................... 600 
4. 
Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events ...................................................................... 600 
5. 
Consequences of Fund Events ............................................................................................... 600 
6. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events  .................................................................... 602 
7. 
Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events .................................................................................................................................... 603 
8. 
Adjustments to Securities linked to Fund Shares of a Fund in European Currencies ............ 605 
9. 
Hedging arrangements in relation to the Securities................................................................ 606 
10. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................. 606 
 
 
These Fund Linked Provisions shall apply to Securities for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
these Fund Linked Provisions are applicable. 
 
1 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Fund and Reference Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a single Fund Share of a Fund (and if the Issue Terms specify that 
this provision shall apply to particular Reference Dates, then this provision shall apply to such 
Reference Dates only), and if the Calculation Agent determines that any Reference Date is a 
Disrupted Day, then the Reference Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Reference Date is a 
Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for the Fund 
Share of such Fund as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day, and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (b) 
shall be deemed to be the Closing Fund Price in respect of the Reference Date. 
1.2 
Single Fund and Averaging Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a single Fund Share of a Fund, and if the Calculation Agent 
determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, in the relevant Issue Terms the 
consequence specified is: 
(a) 
"Omission", then the Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging 
Date, provided that, if through the operation of this provision there would be no 
Averaging Dates then the sole Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled

--- Page 603 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
597 
 
Trading Day following the final Scheduled Averaging Date that the Calculation Agent 
determines is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of 
the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following such final Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day. In that case: 
 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the sole 
Averaging Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for the 
Fund Share of such Fund as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day, and such determination by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the Closing Fund Price in 
respect of the sole Averaging Date; 
(b) 
"Postponement", then the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date that the Calculation Agent 
determines is not a Disrupted Day (irrespective of whether that deferred Averaging Date 
is already or is deemed to be another Averaging Date), unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Averaging Date is 
a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is 
already or is deemed to be another Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day); and 
 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for the 
Fund Share of such Fund as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day, and such determination by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the Closing Fund Price in 
respect of the relevant Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
"Modified Postponement", then the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid 
Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the 
last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the final Scheduled Averaging Date, then: 
 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is 
already or is deemed to be another Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day); and 
 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for the 
Fund Share of such Fund as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day, and such determination by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the Closing Fund Price in 
respect of the relevant Averaging Date. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, if in the 
relevant Issue Terms no consequence is specified, then, it shall be deemed that the consequence 
specified in "Modified Postponement" will apply. 
1.3 
Fund Basket and Reference Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Fund Shares of one or more Funds (and if the Issue 
Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or more particular Reference Dates, then 
this provision shall apply to such Reference Dates only), and if the Calculation Agent determines 
that any Reference Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
the Reference Date for each Fund Share of each Fund which the Calculation Agent 
determines is not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Reference Date; and

--- Page 604 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
598 
 
(b) 
the Reference Date for each Fund Share of a Fund which the Calculation Agent 
determines is affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day 
relating to that Fund Share, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day 
relating to that Fund Share of such Fund. In that case: 
 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Reference 
Date for such Fund Share of such Fund, notwithstanding the fact that such day is 
a Disrupted Day; and 
 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for the 
Fund Share of such Fund as of the Valuation Time on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day, and such determination by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be the Closing Fund Price for 
such Fund Share of such Fund in respect of the Reference Date. 
1.4 
Fund Basket and Averaging Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Fund Shares of one or more Funds, and if the 
Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, in the relevant 
Issue Terms the consequence specified is: 
(a) 
"Omission", then:  
 
the Averaging Date for each Fund Share of each Fund which the Calculation 
Agent determines is not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the Scheduled Averaging Date;  
 
the Averaging Date for each Fund Share of a Fund which the Calculation Agent 
determines is affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day will be deemed not 
to be an Averaging Date, provided that, if through the operation of this provision 
there would be no Averaging Date for such Fund Share of such Fund, then the 
sole Averaging Date for each Fund Share of each Fund which the Calculation 
Agent determines is affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day following the final Scheduled Averaging 
Date that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day relating to that 
Fund Share of a Fund, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the final Scheduled Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to that Fund Share of that Fund. In that case: 
(A) 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the sole 
Averaging Date for such Fund Share of such Fund, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value 
for such Fund Share of such Fund as of the Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be the 
Closing Fund Price for such Fund Share of such Fund in respect of the sole 
Averaging Date; 
(b) 
"Postponement", then: 
 
the Averaging Date for each Fund Share of each Fund which the Calculation 
Agent determines is not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the Scheduled Averaging Date; and 
 
the Averaging Date for each Fund Share of a Fund which the Calculation Agent 
determines is affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first

--- Page 605 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
599 
 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date that 
the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day relating to such Fund 
Share of that Fund (irrespective of whether that deferred Averaging Date is or is 
deemed to be another Averaging Date), unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Averaging 
Date is a Disrupted Day relating to such Fund Share of such Fund. In that case: 
(A) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be such 
Averaging Date for such Fund Share of such Fund (irrespective of whether 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already or is deemed to be 
another Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day); and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value 
for such Fund Share of such Fund as of the Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be the 
relevant Closing Fund Price for such Fund Share of such Fund in respect 
of the relevant Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
 
the Averaging Date for each Fund Share of each Fund which the Calculation 
Agent determines is not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the Scheduled Averaging Date; and 
 
the Averaging Date for each Fund Share of a Fund which the Calculation Agent 
determines is affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Valid Date relating to that Fund Share. If the first succeeding Valid 
Date has not occurred as of the relevant Valuation Time on the last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the final Scheduled Averaging Date: 
(A) 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Date for such Fund Share of such Fund (irrespective of whether 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already or is deemed to be 
another Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day); and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value 
for such Fund Share of such Fund as of the Valuation Time on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be the 
Closing Fund Price for such Fund Share of such Fund in respect of the 
relevant Averaging Date. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, if 
in the relevant Issue Terms no consequence is specified, then, it shall be deemed that the 
consequence specified in "Modified Postponement" will apply. 
2 
Fallback Valuation Date 
Notwithstanding any other terms of the Fund Linked Provisions, if a Fallback Valuation Date is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable to any Reference Date or Averaging Date 
(any such date being, a "Relevant Date"), and if: 
(a) 
following adjustment of the original date on which such Relevant Date is scheduled to 
fall pursuant to either or both of Fund Linked Provision 1 (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days) or Fund Linked Provision 10 (Definitions), the Relevant Date in respect of a Fund 
Share of a Fund would otherwise fall after the Fallback Valuation Date in respect of such 
Fund Share of such Fund; or

--- Page 606 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
600 
 
(b) 
the Maximum Days of Disruption for the Relevant Date is specified to be "Zero" or 
"None", 
then the Fallback Valuation Date for such Reference Date or Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, shall be deemed to be the Relevant Date for such Fund Share of such Fund. If the Fallback 
Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day relating to such Fund 
Share of that Fund, as the case may be, then the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith 
estimate of the value for such Fund Share of such Fund as of the relevant Valuation Time on 
such Fallback Valuation Date and such determination by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this 
Fund Linked Provision 2 shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Fund Price for such Fund 
Share of such Fund in respect of the Relevant Date. 
3 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that any price of a Fund Share of a Fund which is utilised for any calculation or 
determination in connection with the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
published by such Fund by the second Business Day prior to the next date on which any relevant 
payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant 
determination in respect of the Securities may have to be made, then the Calculation Agent may 
determine the amount that is payable or deliverable or make any determination in connection 
with the Securities after taking into account such correction, and, to the extent necessary, may 
adjust any relevant terms of the Securities to account for such correction (for the avoidance of 
doubt, in order to preserve as nearly as practicable the original economic objective and rationale 
of the Securities).  
On making any such adjustment(s) or determination(s), the Calculation Agent shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Holders stating the relevant correction of prices and the subsequent 
adjustments, if any, to the relevant terms of the Securities, provided that any failure to give such 
notice shall not affect the validity of such determination or adjustment or any action taken by 
the Issuer or Calculation Agent in respect of the Securities. 
4 
Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred in respect 
of a Fund Share of a Fund, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on such Fund Share, and if so, the 
Calculation Agent will: 
(a) 
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to one or more of any variables relevant 
to the exercise, settlement, payment or other terms of the Securities as the Calculation 
Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect in order 
to preserve as nearly as practicable the original economic objective and rationale of the 
Securities (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends or liquidity relative to the Fund Shares of such Fund, as 
applicable); and 
(b) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustments. 
The Calculation Agent shall give one or more notices as soon as practicable to the Holders upon 
the Calculation Agent (i) determining the occurrence of such Potential Adjustment Event 
including to give brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event, and (ii) making the relevant 
adjustments, specifying the relevant adjustments made to any amount payable under the 
Securities and/or any of the other relevant terms, provided that any failure to give such notice 
shall not affect the validity of the Potential Adjustment Event or any action taken by the Issuer 
or Calculation Agent in respect of the Securities.  
5 
Consequences of Fund Events 
If a Fund Event has occurred in relation to a Fund Share of a Fund (in any such case, an 
"Affected Fund"), the following consequences shall apply and in the following order:

--- Page 607 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
601 
 
(a) 
First, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to the exercise, settlement, 
payment or any other terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the effect on the Securities of such Fund Event in order to 
preserve as nearly as practicable the original economic objective and rationale of the 
Securities, and determine the effective date of such adjustments.  
(b) 
Second, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustments to the terms of the 
Securities under Fund Linked Provision 5(a) will achieve a commercially reasonable 
result, and:  
 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify a Pre-selected Replacement Fund, and:  
(A) 
provided that, in relation to a Pre-selected Replacement Fund, as of the 
date of occurrence of the Fund Event and as at (or immediately prior to) 
the Fund Substitution Date, the Pre-selected Replacement Fund has not 
been liquidated, dissolved or otherwise discontinued and is not subject to 
a Disruption Event, then the Calculation Agent shall determine to replace 
the Affected Fund with such Pre-selected Replacement Fund (and, where 
the Securities relate to a basket of Fund Shares of one or more Funds, 
determine the weighting as applicable to such Pre-selected Replacement 
Fund, including to determine the relevant Fund Substitution Date; or 
(B) 
if such Pre-selected Replacement Fund has been liquidated, dissolved or 
otherwise discontinued or is subject to a Disruption Event, and: 
(a) 
the relevant Issue Terms specify "Cash Index" to be applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine to replace the Affected Fund 
with the Cash Index, including to determine the relevant Cash 
Index Substitution Date; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issue Terms specify "Cash Index" to be not applicable, 
the Calculation Agent shall select one or more Potential 
Replacement Underlying(s) to replace the Affected Fund, including 
to determine the Fund Substitution Date. 
In selecting the Potential Replacement Underlying(s), the Calculation 
Agent shall take into consideration the following characteristics of the 
Potential Replacement Underlying(s) (and any others it considers relevant) 
in relation to the Affected Fund in order to most closely replicate the 
Affected Fund: 
(1) 
investment objectives; 
(2) 
currency; 
(3) 
economic sectors and geographical regions; 
(4) 
portfolio diversification; and 
(5) 
size; or  
 
if no Pre-selected Replacement Fund is (or are) specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, and: 
(A) 
the relevant Issue Terms specify "Cash Index" to be applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine to replace the Affected Fund with the 
Cash Index, including to determine the relevant Cash Index Substitution 
Date; or 
(B) 
the relevant Issue Terms specify "Cash Index" to be not applicable, then 
Fund Linked Provision 5(b)(i)(B)(II) above shall apply.

--- Page 608 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
602 
 
Following any such determination and replacement pursuant this Fund Linked Provision 
5(b), the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment to any variable, calculation 
methodology, valuation, exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the 
Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the effect on 
the Securities of such determination and replacement (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the manner in which the Securities shall be redeemed, any amount payable on 
redemption and/or whether any asset is to be delivered (and, if so, the amount thereof) 
on redemption) in order to preserve as nearly as practicable the original economic 
objective and rationale of the Securities.  
(c) 
Third, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustments to the terms of the 
Securities under Fund Linked Provision 5(a) will achieve a commercially reasonable 
result and, further, it is unable to, or determines that it is not commercially practicable 
to, or does not for any other reason, select a Replacement Underlying(s) or a Cash Index, 
as the case may be, in accordance with Fund Linked Provision 5(b), it shall notify the 
Issuer and the Holders that the relevant consequence shall be the early redemption of the 
Securities by the Issuer on a date determined by the Calculation Agent, in which event 
the Securities shall be redeemed by the Issuer by payment to each Holder in respect of 
each Security of an amount equal to the Early Payment Amount (as defined in General 
Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment 
Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words 
"(but ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted) and 
payment shall be made on such date as selected by the Calculation Agent. 
The Calculation Agent shall give one or more notices as soon as practicable to the Holders upon 
the Calculation Agent (i) determining the occurrence of such Fund Event including to give brief 
details of such Fund Event, and (ii) making the relevant adjustments, replacements or 
determinations, specifying the relevant adjustments made to any amount payable under the 
Securities, the relevant replacement and/or any of the other relevant terms, provided that any 
failure to given such notice shall not affect the validity of the Fund Event or any action taken 
by the Issuer or Calculation Agent in respect of the Securities. 
6 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events  
If an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, then the Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the 
Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the effect on 
the Securities of such Additional Disruption Events in order to preserve as nearly as 
practicable the original economic objective and rationale of the Securities (including 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends or liquidity relevant 
to the Fund Shares of the relevant Fund or to the Securities, as applicable) and determine 
the effective date of the relevant adjustments. The Calculation Agent shall give one or 
more notices as soon as practicable to the Holders upon the Calculation Agent (i) 
determining the occurrence of such Additional Disruption Adjustment Event including 
to give brief details of such Additional Disruption Event, and (ii) making the relevant 
adjustments, specifying the relevant adjustments made to any amount payable under the 
Securities and/or any of the other relevant terms, provided that any failure to give such 
notice shall not affect the validity of the Additional Disruption Event or any action taken 
by the Issuer or Calculation Agent in respect of the Securities; or 
(b) 
determine that no adjustments to the terms of the Securities would achieve a 
commercially reasonable result, on giving notice to the Issuer and the Holders that the 
Securities as soon as practicable, in which event the Securities shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer by payment to each Holder in respect of each Security of an amount equal to the 
Early Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions), provided 
that, if Early Payment Amount 1, Early Payment Amount 2, Early Payment Amount 3 or 
Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which resulted in 
such early redemption)" shall be deleted) and payment shall be made on such date as 
selected by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 609 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
603 
 
7 
Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events 
If an Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and/or an In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event has 
occurred in respect of the Fund Shares of a Fund (the "Relevant Fund Share") and both (a) (i) 
in the case of the occurrence of an Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event, such event continues to 
subsist as of the second Business Day prior to a Relevant Payment Date (such day, the "Payment 
Cut-off Date") and/or (ii) in the case of the occurrence of an In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Event, a Hypothetical Investor is not able (or would not be able) to realise and receive in full 
and in cash an amount equal to the proceeds of sale of all outstanding In-kind Redemption 
Proceeds in respect of the Relevant Fund Share on the Payment Cut-off Date and (b) the amount 
payable on the Securities on the Relevant Payment Date (such amount, the "Relevant Payment 
Amount") is linked (in whole or in material part) to the performance of the Relevant Fund 
Shares, then:  
(a) 
the Relevant Payment Amount payable on the Relevant Payment Date shall be reduced 
by an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to take into account the amount of 
the Unpaid Redemption Proceeds and/or In-kind Redemption Proceeds as of the Payment 
Cut-off Date (for the avoidance of doubt, the amount so payable on the Relevant Payment 
Date may be reduced to zero, if so determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the terms of this paragraph); and 
(b) 
the amount by which the Relevant Payment Amount has been reduced in accordance 
with paragraph (a) immediately above (such amount, the "Unpaid Relevant Payment 
Amount") shall be payable on the date falling two Business Days after the later of (I) in 
the case of the occurrence of an Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event, the day on which 
the Calculation Agent determines that such event has ceased to occur and (II) in the case 
of the occurrence of an In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event, the day on which the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Hypothetical Investor holding Relevant Fund Shares 
would be able to realise and receive in full and in cash an amount equal to the proceeds 
of sale for all outstanding In-kind Redemption Proceeds in respect of the Relevant Fund 
Shares (or such day falling around such date as may be determined by the Calculation 
Agent and notified to the Holders) (such date, the "Extended Relevant Payment Date"), 
provided that: 
(x) 
if, after the Payment Cut-off Date and before the Extended Relevant Payment 
Date, (1) in the case of the occurrence of an Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event, 
a Hypothetical Investor holding the Relevant Fund Shares receives (or would 
receive) any Cash Redemption Proceeds (in addition to those received or 
receivable on the Payment Event Cut-off Date, and following any further payment 
made under this sub-paragraph (x)) and/or (2) in the case of the occurrence of an 
In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event, a Hypothetical Investor holding the 
Relevant Fund Shares receives (or would receive) any Cash Redemption Proceeds 
and/or realises (or would be able to realise) any In-kind Redemption Proceeds in 
respect of the Relevant Fund Share (in addition to those received or receivable on 
the Payment Event Cut-off Date, and following any further payment made under 
this sub-paragraph (i)), the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall 
make further payment of some or all of the then Outstanding Unpaid Relevant 
Payment Amount as soon as reasonably practicable to reflect such Cash 
Redemption Proceeds received and/or In-kind Redemption Proceeds realised by 
such Hypothetical Investor; and 
(y) 
notwithstanding anything else, in the event that (1) in the case of the occurrence 
of an Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event, such event continues to subsist on the 
Redemption Cut-off Date and/or (2) in the case of the occurrence of an In-kind 
Redemption Proceeds Event, any In-kind Redemption Proceeds in respect of the 
Relevant Fund Shares remain unrealised on the Redemption Cut-off Date, then 
the Extended Relevant Payment Date shall be deemed to fall on the Redemption 
Cut-off Date, and any then Outstanding Unpaid Relevant Payment Amount shall 
be deemed to be reduced to zero without any amount being paid and no further 
amounts shall be due to the Holder in respect thereof (and, if the Relevant

--- Page 610 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
604 
 
Payment Date was the Maturity Date, the Redemption Date or the Settlement 
Date, as is applicable to the Securities, the Securities will be deemed to be fully 
redeemed or settled, as applicable, on such date with no further action); and  
(z) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the above adjustment and/or 
payments will not achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation 
Agent shall make such other adjustments to any variable, calculation 
methodology, valuation, redemption or settlement payment or other term of the 
Conditions of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for such Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and/or In-kind Redemption 
Proceeds Event; and 
(c) 
the Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the Holders of the relevant 
Securities of the occurrence of such Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and/or In-kind 
Redemption Proceeds Event together with any adjustments, calculations or payments 
made in accordance with the terms of paragraphs (a) and (b) immediately above on or 
around such time and on each adjustment or payment made, provided that any failure to 
give any such notice shall not affect the validity of any action taken by the Issuer or 
Calculation Agent in respect of the Securities. 
A Holder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, on the Securities 
in the event of any delay which may occur in the payment of any amounts due and payable 
under the Securities as a result of the operation of this Fund Linked Provision 7, and no liability 
in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of the above, the following terms have the following meanings: 
"Cash Redemption Proceeds" means, in respect of any Fund Shares of a Fund and any day (or, 
where such day is not a Fund Redemption Proceeds Date, the most recent Fund Redemption 
Proceeds Date), the amount of redemption proceeds per such Fund Share paid (or which the 
Calculation Agent determines would be paid) in cash by or on behalf of such Fund on the Fund 
Redemption Proceeds Date in respect of the relevant Fund Redemption Date to a Hypothetical 
Investor holding such Fund Shares of such Fund and who redeems such Fund Shares on such 
day. Such amount shall be determined after deducting (a) any and all relevant fees, hold-backs 
(including without limitation, and by way of example only, contingency reserves or amounts 
held back until after completion of the Fund's annual audit) or other deductions that the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Fund would impose on the Hypothetical Investor's 
subscription and/or redemption from the Fund (including, without limitation, subscription and 
redemption fees), and (b) any charges, fees, taxes, levies, penalties and/or any other similar costs 
or expenses (howsoever described) that the Calculation Agent determines that the Hypothetical 
Investor would incur or otherwise bear in holding, subscribing, redeeming or otherwise 
transacting in any shares of the Fund (without duplication, in the case of clauses (a) and (b) 
above, of any costs, charges, fees and expenses taken into account in determining the relevant 
NAV). 
"Fund Redemption Date" means, in respect of any Fund Shares of a Fund , the redemption 
date in respect of such Fund scheduled by the relevant Management Company for the 
redemption of the Fund Shares of such Fund at the NAV observed by the Calculation Agent for 
the relevant Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Fund Redemption Proceeds Date" means, in respect of any Fund Shares of a Fund and any 
relevant Fund Redemption Date, the date on which any Hypothetical Investor holding such Fund 
Shares of such Fund, who has redeemed its Fund Shares on such Fund Redemption Date, should 
have received the proceeds of such redemption in full and in cash as specified in the Fund 
Offering Documents in place as at the Fund Determination Date. 
"In-kind Redemption Proceeds" means, in respect of any Fund Shares of a Fund and any 
relevant day (or, where such day is not a Fund Redemption Proceeds Date, the most recent Fund 
Redemption Proceeds Date), any in-kind distribution per such Fund Share in full or part 
satisfaction of the Payable Redemption Proceeds made (or which would be made) by or on 
behalf of such Fund on such day to a Hypothetical Investor holding the relevant Fund Shares of

--- Page 611 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
605 
 
such Fund redeeming such Fund Shares on the relevant Fund Redemption Date (the occurrence 
of such event being an "In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event").  
"Outstanding Unpaid Relevant Payment Amount" means, on any day, an amount equal to 
the Unpaid Relevant Payment Amount less any further amounts paid by the Issuer pursuant to 
Fund Linked Provision 7(B)(x) prior to such day in respect of such Unpaid Relevant Payment 
Amount (or subsequent related Outstanding Unpaid Relevant Payment Amount). 
"Payable Redemption Proceeds" means, in respect of any Fund Shares of a Fund and any day 
(or, where such day is not a Fund Redemption Proceeds Date, the most recent Fund Redemption 
Proceeds Date), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be the amount of redemption 
proceeds per such Fund Share of such Fund which should have been paid by such Fund (or any 
other entity on its behalf) to any Hypothetical Investor redeeming any Fund Shares of such Fund 
on the relevant Fund Redemption Date (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, 
suspensions or other provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption in full).  
"Redemption Cut-off Date" means the date falling 1 calendar year after the Relevant Payment 
Date. 
"Relevant Payment Date" means the Maturity Date, the Exercise Date, the Redemption Date, 
the Settlement Date, a Coupon Payment Date or any other date on which the Securities may be 
exercised or redeemed or any other amounts in respect of the relevant Securities which would 
otherwise be due and payable or deliverable but for the occurrence of the Unpaid Redemption 
Proceeds Event and/or the In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event (and the definition of "Relevant 
Payment Date" in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions) shall not apply). 
"Unpaid Redemption Proceeds" means, in respect of any Fund Shares of a Fund and any day 
(or, where such day is not a Fund Redemption Proceeds Date, the most recent Fund Redemption 
Proceeds Date), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(a) 
Payable Redemption Proceeds in respect of such Fund Share for such Fund and such day, 
minus 
(b) 
the sum of (i) the Cash Redemption Proceeds in respect of such Fund Share and such 
day, and (ii) In-kind Redemption Proceeds in respect of such Fund Share and such day 
to the extent that a Hypothetical Investor holding such Fund Shares would be able to 
realise and receive in full and in cash an amount equal to the proceeds of sale for all 
outstanding In-kind Redemption Proceeds in respect of such Fund Shares. 
"Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event" means (and an Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event 
will be deemed to have occurred if), in respect of any Fund Shares of a Fund and any day (or, 
where such day is not a Fund Redemption Proceeds Date, the most recent Fund Redemption 
Proceeds Date), the Calculation Agent determines (based on notices published by or on behalf 
of the relevant Fund and any other relevant information available to the Calculation Agent) that 
if a Hypothetical Investor were to apply to redeem any such Fund Shares on such day, it would 
not receive the full (or substantially the full) Payable Redemption Proceeds and within (or 
substantially within) the time frame specified in the Fund Offering Documents in place as at the 
Fund Determination Date (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspensions or other 
provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption in full). 
8 
Adjustments to Securities linked to Fund Shares of a Fund in European Currencies  
In respect of any Securities linked to or relating to Fund Shares of a Fund originally quoted, 
listed and/or dealt, as applicable, as of the Issue Date in a currency of a member state of the 
European Union that has not adopted the single currency in accordance with the EC Treaty, if 
such Fund Shares are at any time after the Issue Date quoted, listed and/or dealt, as applicable, 
exclusively in euro on the relevant market, then the Calculation Agent may make such 
adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to preserve as nearly as practicable the economic 
terms of the Securities. The Calculation Agent will make any conversion necessary for purposes 
of any such adjustment based on the relevant official conversion rate or at an appropriate mid-

--- Page 612 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
606 
 
market spot rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent to be prevailing as of the 
Valuation Time, as determined to be appropriate by the Calculation Agent, and shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Holders of any relevant adjustment. No adjustments under this Fund 
Linked Provision 8 will affect the currency denomination of any payment obligation arising out 
of the Securities. 
9 
Hedging arrangements in relation to the Securities 
The Issuer and/or any Hedging Entity may receive rebates from the Management Company of 
a Fund in respect of the Fund Shares of such Fund or any other asset which the Issuer or any 
such Hedging Entity may hold as a hedge to the Securities. Nothing in these Fund Linked 
Provisions or the relevant Issue Terms for the Securities shall oblige the Issuer or any Hedging 
Entity to hedge the Securities or to hedge the Securities in any particular way.  
10 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Securities 
to which these Fund Linked Provisions apply: 
"Affected Fund" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 5 (Consequences of Fund 
Events). 
"Additional Disruption Events" means (a) a Change in Law, and (b) if Hedging Disruption is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable, a Hedging Disruption (each, an 
"Additional Disruption Event").  
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or Valuation Date (as applicable), each date specified as such or otherwise determined as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable), or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
For the avoidance of doubt, references to Averaging Date or Averaging Dates shall be deemed 
to refer to Averaging Date or Averaging Dates in respect of the relevant Coupon Valuation Date, 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable) and shall not include 
Averaging Dates in respect of any other Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or Valuation Date. 
"Cash Index" means the cash index so specified in such Issue Terms. 
"Cash Index Substitution Date" means such date as selected by the Calculation Agent from 
which the Cash Index shall replace the relevant Affected Fund. For the avoidance of doubt, such 
date may be set by the Calculation Agent on any date, including, without limitation, prior to the 
event which resulted in the replacement, including, without limitation, on or prior to the Issue 
Date of the relevant Securities, or on or prior to the first day on which any Fund Shares of such 
Affected Fund is valued for the purposes of the Securities. 
"Cash Redemption Proceeds" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Event). 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date of the Securities (a) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any (i) tax 
law or (ii) adoption or promulgation of new regulations authorised or mandated by existing 
statute or (iii) any change to the regulatory capital treatment of the Hedging Entity or its 
obligations and/or any hedging transactions in relation to the Securities), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change, announcement or statement of the formal or informal 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation 
Agent determines that (x) it has, or it will, within the next 15 calendar days but on or prior to 
the Maturity Date, Settlement Date and Redemption Date or Settlement Date, or any other date 
on which such Securities will be redeemed or settled, as is applicable to the Securities, become

--- Page 613 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
607 
 
illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any Fund Shares of the relevant Fund, or (y) the value of 
the Fund Shares are or will be materially adversely affected or the rights and remedies of the 
Hypothetical Investor as a Fund Shareholder of the Fund are or will be materially adversely 
affected, or (z) the ability of a Fund to carry out its investment objective or comply with its 
investment guidelines or restrictions is or will be materially adversely affected, (aa) the Hedging 
Entity will be subject to materially increased regulatory capital requirements in performing its 
obligations and/or executing any hedging transactions in relation to the Securities or (bb) (if 
"Change in Law – Increased Cost" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) the 
Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to 
the Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Fund Price" means, on any day, the NAV calculated and published or announced by 
such Fund (or on its behalf) in respect of such day, or as otherwise determined by the Calculation 
Agent subject as provided in the Fund Linked Provisions. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means each date specified as such or otherwise determined as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred (provided that the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, determine that such event 
instead results in the occurrence of a Fund Event). 
"Disruption Event" means, in relation to a Pre-selected Replacement Fund, any of an 
Additional Disruption Event, Fund Event, Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event, In-kind 
Redemption Proceeds Event or other disruption event in relation to the relevant shares or 
otherwise of the Pre-selected Replacement Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent, and 
for the purposes of this definition, each reference to "a Fund" in the definitions of Additional 
Disruption Event, Fund Event, Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and In-kind Redemption 
Proceeds Event (and any corresponding definitions, as applicable) shall be deemed to refer to 
such Pre-selected Replacement Fund. 
"Extended Relevant Payment Date" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Event). 
"Fallback Valuation Date" means, in respect of any Fund Shares of a Fund, the date(s) 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or, if "Default Fallback Valuation Date" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then the Fallback Valuation Date for any date on which 
the price of such Fund Share is required to be determined shall be the second Business Day prior 
to the next following date upon which any payment or delivery of assets may have to be made 
by the Issuer by reference to the price of such Fund Share on such day. 
"Fund" means the Original Fund, or, following the replacement thereof, the Pre-selected 
Replacement Fund or Potential Replacement Underlying(s) replacing the Original Fund (and 
any fund or index replacing such Pre-selected Replacement Fund or Potential Replacement 
Underlying(s)). Any fund that is replaced shall cease to be a Fund for the purposes of the 
Securities upon being replaced, and any Pre-selected Replacement Fund or Potential 
Replacement Underlying(s) shall become the relevant Fund for the purposes of these Fund 
Linked Provisions effective from the Fund Substitution Date. 
"Fund Determination Date" means, in respect of (a) an Original Fund or a Pre-selected 
Replacement Fund, the Trade Date, or (b) a Potential Replacement Underlying(s) which is a 
fund, following the replacement in accordance with Fund Linked Provision 5(b) (Consequences 
of Fund Events), the Fund Substitution Date corresponding to such Potential Replacement 
Underlying(s) which is a fund (as applicable). 
"Fund Event" means, where specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
occurrence of any of the following, as determined by the Calculation Agent (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent has no obligation actively to monitor whether or not

--- Page 614 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
608 
 
any of the following events has occurred, and provided that, if any of the following events would 
amount to both a Fund Extraordinary Event and a Market Disruption Event, the Calculation 
Agent may determine whether to treat such event as a Fund Extraordinary Event or a Market 
Disruption Event in respect of such Fund):  
(a) 
Insolvency in respect of a Fund, its Management Company or any of its Fund Service 
Providers; 
(b) 
a Fund Merger Event in respect of a Fund; 
(c) 
a Fund Termination in respect of a Fund; 
(d) 
Nationalisation in respect of a Fund; 
(e) 
the occurrence of any of the following events (each, a "Fund Extraordinary Event"):  
 
Global Events: 
(A) 
Modification of Fund Offering Documents: the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Fund Offering Documents of a Fund have been 
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified since the Fund 
Determination Date, which the Calculation Agent determines would 
adversely affect a Hypothetical Investor in relation to its hedging activities 
in respect of the Securities, including without limitation and by way of 
example only, to change the strategy or investment objective of such Fund 
or any investment guidelines or restrictions, the currency in which the 
Fund Shares of such Fund are denominated. 
(B) 
Disputes: The Calculation Agent determines that a Fund, the Management 
Company of a Fund or any of the Fund Service Providers of a Fund 
become party to any litigation or dispute, which in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, could materially impact the performance of the 
Fund. 
 
Net Asset Value and Performance: 
(A) 
Failure to Calculate NAV: The Calculation Agent determines a Fund or 
any applicable Fund Service Provider of a Fund fails to calculate and 
announce and/or publish the NAV per Fund Share on the date in respect 
of which such value is scheduled to be published according to the Fund 
Offering Documents of such Fund, and such breach is not cured within 3 
Business Days' to the satisfaction of the Calculation Agent (provided that, 
if such breach occurs on five consecutive occasions, the cure period 
specified above shall not apply in respect of any fifth or subsequent 
breach), or any changes are made to the frequency with which, or the dates 
on which, the NAV per Fund Share is calculated, as set out in the Fund 
Offering Documents of such Fund on the Fund Determination Date, and 
which the Calculation Agent determines that such change will have a 
material effect on the Securities.  
(B) 
Audited NAV: in respect of a Fund, the Calculation Agent determines that 
any audited NAV per Fund Share of such Fund is different from the NAV 
per Fund Share of such Fund previously announced and/or published by 
such Fund or any Fund Service Provider of such Fund, or such Fund's 
auditors qualify or refuse to provide an unqualified report in respect of 
such Fund or any NAV per Fund Share of such Fund.  
(C) 
Assets under Management: the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Fund's assets under management have declined by a percentage equal to 
or greater than the AUM Threshold Percentage over the preceding three 
months , or if "AUM Threshold" is specified as applicable in the relevant

--- Page 615 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
609 
 
Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent determines that a Fund's assets under 
management have fallen below the AUM Threshold. 
Where:  
"AUM Threshold" means the amount specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; and 
"AUM Threshold Percentage" means, in respect of a Fund, 50 per cent. 
(or such other percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
(D) 
Performance and Risk Measurements: the annualised historical volatility 
of a Fund over the preceding 250 days, using the historical NAV per Fund 
Share figures that are available for the preceding 250 days, is greater than 
the Volatility Threshold, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Where "Volatility Threshold" means, in respect of a Fund, the greater of 
(i) 200 per cent. of the annualised historical volatility of a Fund over the 
preceding 250 days as at Fund Determination Date, using historical NAV 
per Fund Share figures that are available for the 250 days preceding the 
Fund Determination Date and (ii) 10 per cent. (or such percentage as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
 
Trading: 
(A) 
Mandatory Redemption: the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Hypothetical Investor would be required, or that it would be appropriate 
for the Hypothetical Investor, for any reason whatsoever including without 
limitation, regulatory reasons or any mandatory redemption imposed by a 
Fund, to redeem any Fund Shares it may hold as a hedge in respect of the 
Securities.  
(B) 
Material Change in Strategy: (I) A material change is made to (x) the risk 
profile, (y) the investment objective or (z) the investment restrictions, of a 
Fund in place as at the Fund Determination Date, or (II) the Calculation 
Agent is not satisfied that a Fund is being managed in accordance with its 
rules or in accordance with the description of the Fund's (x) risk profile, 
(y) investment objective or (z) investment restrictions, of such Fund as set 
out in its Fund Offering Documents in place as at the Fund Determination 
Date. 
(C) 
Notification from Manager: If written notification (or other indication or 
acknowledgement) by the Management Company to Fund Shareholders or 
to the administrator of a Fund that, in its opinion, (I) it is not advisable to 
continue operation of such Fund because it is not economically prudent to 
do so, (II) the risk profile, strategy or investment objective of a Fund will 
not, or can no longer, be met in the foreseeable future or (II) liquidation, 
dissolution or discontinuance of such Fund is recommended. 
(D) 
Suspension on Trading: (I) Any suspension of, or limitation is imposed 
on, trading of a Fund (by reason of liquidity restrictions or otherwise), or 
(II) any limitation or other event which prevents the timely payment of 
redemption proceeds in cash to any investor (as specified in the Fund 
Offering Documents in place as at the Fund Determination Date), or (III) 
any dealing request made by any investor or prospective investor in such 
Fund is deferred in whole or in part. 
(E) 
Increase in Fees: the Calculation Agent determines that (I) a Fund, its 
Management Company or any Fund Service Provider has amended the 
management and/or incentive fee (or any other analogous fee) payable to 
the Management Company and/or any Fund Service Provider, as 
applicable, or (II) there is an increase in fees payable by the Hypothetical

--- Page 616 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
610 
 
Investor or the Hedging Entity in respect of a purchase, sale or holding in 
the Fund Shares of such Fund, or any dealing in the Fund Shares of such 
Fund or otherwise investing in such Fund Shares, from that in place as at 
the Fund Determination Date. 
 
Operational failures 
(A) 
Change in Manager and/or Service Providers: The Calculation Agent 
determines that (I) the Management Company of a Fund or any Fund 
Service Provider of a Fund resigns, has its appointment terminated or is 
otherwise replaced, (II) the Fund, the Management Company of a Fund or 
any of the relevant Fund Service Provider has experienced or is 
experiencing or will experience a material adverse change in its business, 
assets, operations or financial condition, (III) the Management Company 
of a Fund or any Fund Service Provider of a Fund has breached any term 
of any contract between such Fund and its Management Company or any 
of its Fund Service Provider (as applicable), or (IV) that any contract 
between a Fund and its Management Company or any of its Fund Service 
Provider (as applicable) terminates or is otherwise not renewed or 
replaced, and the Calculation Agent further determines, in its discretion, 
that such occurrence could have an adverse economic impact (x) on the 
Fund or (y) (if "Change in Manager – Hedging" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) on the Hedging Entity as a holder 
of an interest in such Fund. 
(B) 
Operational Failures: the Calculation Agent determines that the operation 
or organisation of a Fund, the Management Company of a Fund, or any 
applicable Fund Service Provider of a Fund (including, without limitation, 
its organisational structure and its procedures, processes or policies in 
respect of investment selection, due diligence, asset allocation, risk 
management or investment monitoring) has changed from that as at the 
Fund Determination Date, or that any such procedures, processes or 
policies are either not being applied or are not being applied consistently 
with their application on the Fund Determination Date, where such change 
has, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a material effect on the 
Securities and such changes are not rectified to the satisfaction of the 
Calculation Agent within five Business Days.  
(C) 
Reporting Failures: there occurs any failure of a Fund, the Management 
Company of a Fund or any Fund Service Provider of a Fund to deliver or 
cause to be delivered to the Hypothetical Investor any information (I) that 
it is normal practice to deliver or (II) which the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary for any determinations, including but not be limited to, 
determinations in respect of the occurrence of any Fund Event or in the 
execution of its and the Issuer's duties and obligations with respect to the 
Securities, cause to be delivered to any Shareholder or the Hypothetical 
Investor on or before the time specified in the Fund Offering Documents 
of such Fund, and such breach is not cured within five Business Days or, 
if none, within a reasonable time, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Regulatory and legal constraints 
(A) 
Regulatory Action: the Calculation Agent determines that the activities of 
a Fund, the Management Company of a Fund or any Fund Service Provider 
of a Fund and/or any of their respective directors, officers, employees or 
agents are placed under review or investigation by any governmental, 
legal, administrative or regulatory authority or court of competent 
jurisdiction and/or are subject to any charges or actions by any 
governmental, legal, administrative or regulatory authority for reasons of 
wrongdoing, suspected wrongdoing, breach (or suspected breach) of any 
applicable law, rule or regulation or other similar reason and/or a Fund,

--- Page 617 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
611 
 
the Management Company of a Fund or any Fund Service Provider of a 
Fund and/or any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents 
have any of their respective registrations, authorisations, licences or 
memberships with any governmental, legal, administrative or regulatory 
authorities revoked, suspended, terminated, limited or qualified in any 
way. 
(B) 
Regulatory Constraints: the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Hypothetical Investor is or may in the future be unable, or that it is or may 
become impractical or difficult for the Hypothetical Investor to perform 
any obligation imposed on the Hypothetical Investor by any law, rule, 
regulation or interpretation thereof by any governmental, regulatory or 
administrative body or authority or court or stock exchange, in each case 
of competent authority including, without limitation and by way of 
example only, any reporting or accounting obligation, due to its investment 
in the Fund Shares of a Fund / Hedging Entity (I) would be obliged 
(whether by the Management Company or otherwise) or (II) deems it 
necessary or appropriate in order to comply with or remain compliant 
within any applicable legal and/or regulatory limits on the amount of Fund 
Shares of such Fund that it may hold, to redeem all or some of the Fund 
Shares of such Fund that it is holding in relation to its hedging activities in 
respect of the Securities.  
"Fund Merger Date" means, in respect of a Fund Merger Event, the date which is the earlier 
of: 
(a) 
a date selected by the Calculation Agent which falls on or after the date on which such 
Fund Merger Event occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and  
(b) 
the date upon which all Fund Shareholders have agreed or become obliged to transfer 
their Fund Shares, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Fund Merger Event" means the occurrence of: 
(a) 
in respect of a Fund, any (i) reclassification or change of such Fund that results in a 
transfer of, or an irrevocable commitment to transfer, all of the Fund Shares of such Fund 
outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of the Fund with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Fund is 
the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such 
Fund Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per 
cent. of the outstanding Fund Shares of the Fund that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Fund Shares (other than such Fund Shares 
owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange of the Fund or its subsidiaries with or into another 
entity in which the Fund is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Fund Shares outstanding but results in the 
outstanding Fund Shares (other than Fund Shares owned or controlled by such other 
entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of 
the outstanding Fund Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the Fund 
Merger Date is on or before the final Reference Date or Averaging Date, as is applicable; 
and 
(b) 
in respect of the Management Company of a Fund or any service provider to such Fund, 
any (i) reclassification or change of the shares of such entity that results in a transfer of 
or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of the shares of such entity outstanding to 
another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange of such entity with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such entity is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of the shares of such

--- Page 618 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
612 
 
entity outstanding), (iii) other takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per 
cent. of the outstanding shares of such entity that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such shares (other than the shares of such entity owned or 
controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or binding share exchange of such entity or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in 
which such entity is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification 
or change of all the shares of such entity outstanding but results in the outstanding shares 
of such entity (other than the shares owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding shares of such entity immediately following such event, in each case if the 
Fund Merger Date is on or before the final Reference Date or Averaging Date, as is 
applicable. 
"Fund Offering Documents" means such Fund's offering memorandum, prospectus or similar 
offering document and any supplements and addenda thereto, its constitutional documents, its 
subscription and redemption documents, as applicable. 
"Fund Redemption Date" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 (Consequences 
of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds Events). 
"Fund Redemption Proceeds Date" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events). 
"Fund Shares" means the shares or units of a Fund specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, 
and, following a replacement thereof in accordance with the Fund Linked Provisions, the 
relevant shares or units of the relevant class of a relevant Pre-selected Replacement Fund or a 
Potential Replacement Underlying(s) which is a fund (and "Fund Share" means any such share 
of the relevant class of the relevant Fund). 
"Fund Shareholder" means a holder of a Fund Share of a Fund. 
"Fund Service Provider" means each of the administrator, the custodian, the auditors, prime 
brokers or any entities providing services to a Fund. 
"Fund Substitution Date" means such date as selected by the Calculation Agent from which 
the Pre-selected Replacement Fund or, Potential Replacement Underlying(s) (as applicable) 
shall replace the relevant Affected Fund. For the avoidance of doubt, such date may be set by 
the Calculation Agent on any date, including, without limitation, prior to the event which 
resulted in the replacement, or on or prior to the first day on which any Fund Shares of such 
Affected Fund is valued for the purposes of the Securities. 
"Fund Termination" means, in relation to a Fund, where the trust deed, partnership agreement, 
memorandum and articles of association, fund rules, or other similar or equivalent documents 
constituting such Fund (each, the "Constitutional Documents") has been terminated or 
otherwise ceased to exist in accordance with the Constitutional Documents. For the avoidance 
of doubt, and without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, the following events 
will constitute a Fund Termination: 
(a) 
cancellation of the Constitutional Documents by the Fund Manager or directors; 
(b) 
an order being made by any competent regulatory authority for cancellation or 
termination of such Fund; and/or 
(c) 
an order being made by any competent regulatory authority for (i) cancellation or 
suspension of the relevant licence of the Management Company required to manage such 
Fund; or (ii) the winding up of the Management Company. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing

--- Page 619 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
613 
 
and the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to or in connection with the relevant 
Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or 
(c) subscribe, redeem, realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any Fund Shares in the Fund 
where such inability has arisen by reason of any gates or restrictions or suspensions on 
subscriptions or redemptions of such Fund Shares. 
"Hedging Entity" means, for the purposes of these Fund Linked Provisions, and unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer or any affiliate(s) of the Issuer or any 
entity or entities acting on behalf of, or as counterparty to, the Issuer and, in each case, engaged 
in any underlying hedging transactions relating to the Fund Shares of any Fund or other 
instruments in respect of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities, provided that neither the 
Issuer nor any of its affiliates is obliged to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Securities 
(and the definition of "Hedging Entity" in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions) shall not apply). 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical investor comparable to a sophisticated 
international financial institution, and incorporated in the jurisdiction of the Issuer or any 
Hedging Entity, having exposure to an investment in the Fund Shares of any Fund. 
"In-kind Redemption Proceeds" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events). 
"In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events). 
"Initial Valuation Date" means each date specified as such or otherwise determined as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of any relevant entity, that the relevant entity (a) is dissolved 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) becomes insolvent or is 
unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due; (c) makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit 
of its creditors; (d)(i) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, court, administrator, 
supervisor, government body or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative, 
legal or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation of 
its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, court, 
administrator, supervisor, government body or similar official, or (ii) has instituted against it a 
proceeding seeking judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or 
presented by a person or entity not described in (i) above and either (A) results in a judgement 
or insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its 
winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
with 15 calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; (e) has a resolution passed for 
its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or 
for all or substantially all of its assets; (g) has a secured party take possession of all or 
substantially all of its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal 
process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured 
party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within 15 calendar days thereafter; (h) causes or is subject to any event 
with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect 
to any of the events specified in (a) to (g) above; or (i) takes any action in furtherance of, or 
indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the forgoing acts.

--- Page 620 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
614 
 
"Management Company" means, in respect of a Fund, such entity or entities as the Calculation 
Agent may determine is for the time being the duly appointed manager of such Fund (and/or 
any entity or entities to whom such entity or entities may delegate any of its duties, rights, 
obligations or liabilities in respect of such Fund), or such other entity or entities specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Market Disruption Event" means the failure of such Fund (or such entity acting on its behalf) 
to calculate and publish or announce the NAV of such Fund on any Scheduled Trading Day or 
in respect of such Scheduled Trading Day within the scheduled or usual timeframe for 
publication or announcement. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight Scheduled Trading Days or such other number 
of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of a Fund, that all the Fund Shares of such Fund or all or 
substantially all the assets of the Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required 
to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"NAV" means, in respect of the Fund Shares of a Fund and on any relevant day, the net asset 
value (or, if applicable, the estimated or provisional net asset value) per such Fund Share in 
respect of such day (or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the most recent Scheduled 
Trading Day), as calculated and published (or, if not published, as notified) to the Fund 
Shareholder of such Fund by the relevant Management Company.  
"Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Fund and an Observation Period, and unless otherwise provided in 
the relevant Issue Terms, each Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day for the 
Fund Shares of such Fund falling in the Observation Period. 
"Observation Period" means an Averaging Observation Period, a Barrier Observation Period, 
a Barrier Performance Observation Period, a Coupon Observation Period, a Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Observation Period, a Knock-In Observation Period, a Knock-In 
Performance Observation Period, Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation Period or an 
Observation Period (Drop Back) (each as defined in the Payout Conditions), as the case may be.  
"Observation Period End Date" means, if "Observation Period" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Fund, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, which shall be the last day of the relevant Observation Period, and shall be included or 
excluded from the Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Observation Period" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Fund, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant Observation Period, and shall be included or 
excluded from the Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Original Fund" means the fund or funds specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Outstanding Unpaid Relevant Payment Amount" has the meaning given in Fund Linked 
Provision 7 (Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption 
Proceeds Events). 
"Payable Redemption Proceeds" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events). 
"Payment Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 (Consequences of 
Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds Events). 
"Periodic Valuation Date" means each date specified as such or otherwise determined as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day.

--- Page 621 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
615 
 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, with respect to any Fund Shares of a Fund , any of the 
following, as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Fund Shares (unless resulting 
in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Fund Shares to existing 
Fund Shareholders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing Fund Shareholders of (i) such Fund Shares, 
or (ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or 
the proceeds of liquidation of such Fund equally or proportionately with such payments 
to Fund Shareholders, or (iii) share capital or other securities of another share issuer 
acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by such Fund as a result of a spin-off or other 
similar transaction, or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, 
in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market 
price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
a distribution of an amount per Fund Share which the Calculation Agent determines 
should be characterised as an extraordinary dividend;  
(d) 
a call by such Fund in respect of relevant Fund Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by such Fund or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Fund Shares whether out 
of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities 
or otherwise; or 
(f) 
there occurs any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Fund Share of 
such Fund. 
"Potential Replacement Underlying(s)" means any (a) fund, (b) basket of funds, (c) index 
(other than a Cash Index) or (d) basket of indices (other than a Cash Index). 
"Pre-selected Replacement Fund" means a fund specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 (Consequences 
of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds Events). 
"Reference Date" means each Initial Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Periodic 
Valuation Date or Valuation Date, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Fund Linked Provisions. 
"Relevant Date" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 2 (Fallback Valuation Date). 
"Relevant Fund Share" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 (Consequences of 
Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds Events). 
"Relevant Payment Amount" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events). 
"Relevant Payment Date" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 (Consequences 
of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds Events). 
"Replacement Underlying(s)" means a Pre-selected Replacement Fund or Potential 
Replacement Underlying(s) selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Fund Linked 
Provision 5 (Consequences of Fund Events) to replace (in whole or in part) an Affected Fund, 
(where applicable) in the weighting as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date.

--- Page 622 ---
Fund Linked Provisions 
 
616 
 
"Scheduled Coupon Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of 
an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Initial Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Initial Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Periodic Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of 
an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Periodic Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Reference Date" means each Scheduled Initial Valuation Date, Scheduled Coupon 
Valuation Date, Scheduled Periodic Valuation Date or Scheduled Valuation Date. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which such Fund (or any entity acting on its 
behalf) is scheduled to publish the NAV of such Fund. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Unpaid Redemption Proceeds" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events). 
"Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events). 
"Unpaid Relevant Payment Amount" has the meaning given in Fund Linked Provision 7 
(Consequences of Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Events and In-kind Redemption Proceeds 
Events). 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Valuation Date" means each date specified as such or otherwise determined as provided in the 
relevant Issue Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Valuation Time" means the time at which the NAV per Fund Share of the Fund is calculated 
and published or announced on the relevant day by the Fund (or on its behalf).

--- Page 623 ---
Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders of German Securities
 
617 
 
APPENDIX 1 – PROVISIONS REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS OF GERMAN 
SECURITIES 
The following provisions regarding resolutions of Holders constitute part of the Conditions. See 
General Condition 28.1(e) (Modification of German Securities with Holder Consent) 
Part A 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO RESOLUTIONS TO BE PASSED AT MEETINGS OF 
HOLDERS 
§ 1 
Convening the Meeting of Holders 
1. 
Meetings of Holders (each a "Holders' Meeting") shall be convened by the Issuer or by the 
Joint Representative. A Holders' Meeting must be convened if one or more Holders holding 
together not less than 5 per cent. of the outstanding Securities so require in writing, stating that 
they wish to appoint or remove a Joint Representative, that pursuant to section 5 paragraph 5, 
sentence 2 of the German Bond Act of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) a notice of 
termination ceases to have effect or that they have another specific interest in having a Holders' 
Meeting convened. 
2. 
Holders whose legitimate request is not fulfilled may apply to the competent court to authorise 
them to convene a Holders' Meeting. The court may also determine the chairman of the meeting. 
Any such authorisation must be disclosed in the publication of the Convening Notice. 
3. 
The competent court shall be the local court (Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main. The decision 
of the court may be appealed. 
4. 
The Issuer shall bear the costs of the Holders' Meeting and, if the court has granted leave to the 
application pursuant to subsection 2 above, also the costs of such proceedings. 
§ 2 
Notice Period, Registration, Proof 
1. 
A Holders' Meeting shall be convened not less than 14 days before the date of the meeting. 
2. 
If the Convening Notice provide(s) that attendance at a Holders' Meeting or the exercise of the 
voting rights shall be dependent upon a registration of the Holders before the meeting, then for 
purposes of calculating the period pursuant to subsection 1 the date of the meeting shall be 
replaced by the date by which the Holders are required to register. The registration notice must 
be received at the address set forth in the Convening Notice no later than on the third day before 
the Holders' Meeting. 
3. 
The Convening Notice shall provide what proof is required to be entitled to take part in the 
Holders' Meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the Convening Notice, for Securities 
represented by a Global Security a voting certificate obtained from an agent to be appointed by 
the Issuer shall entitle its bearer to attend and vote at the Holders' Meeting. A voting certificate 
may be obtained by a Holder if at least six days before the time fixed for the Holders' Meeting, 
such Holder (a) deposits its Securities for such purpose with an agent to be appointed by the 
Issuer or to the order of such agent with a Custodian or other depository nominated by such 
agent for such purpose or (b) blocks its Securities in an account with a Custodian in accordance 
with the procedures of the Custodian and delivers a confirmation stating the ownership and 
blocking of its Securities to the agent of the Issuer. The voting certificate shall be dated and 
shall specify the Holders' Meeting concerned and the total number, the outstanding amount and 
the serial numbers (if any) of the Securities either deposited or blocked in an account with the 
Custodian. The Convening Notice may also require a proof of identity of a person exercising a 
voting right. Once the relevant agent of the Issuer has issued a voting certificate for a Holders' 
Meeting in respect of a Security, the Securities shall neither be released nor permitted to be 
transferred until either such Holders' Meeting has been concluded or the voting certificate has 
been surrendered to the relevant agent of the Issuer. "Custodian" means any bank or other 
financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody business

--- Page 624 ---
Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders of German Securities
 
618 
 
with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Securities and includes 
the Relevant Clearing System. 
§ 3 
Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication 
1. 
The notice convening a Holders' Meeting (the "Convening Notice") shall state the name, the 
place of the registered office of the Issuer, the time and venue of the Holders' Meeting, and the 
conditions on which attendance in the Holders' Meeting and the exercise of voting rights is made 
dependent, including the matters referred to in § 2 paragraphs 2 and 3. 
2. 
The Convening Notice shall be published promptly in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) and 
additionally in accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices). The costs of publication shall 
be borne by the Issuer. 
3. 
From the date on which the Holders' Meeting is convened until the date of the Holders' Meeting, 
the Issuer shall make available to the Holders, on the Issuer's website the Convening Notice and 
the precise conditions on which the attendance of the Holders' Meeting and the exercise of 
voting rights shall be dependent. 
§ 4 
Agenda 
1. 
The person convening the Holders' Meeting shall make a proposal for resolution in respect of 
each item on the agenda to be passed upon by the Holders. 
2. 
The agenda of the Holders' Meeting shall be published together with the Convening Notice. § 3 
paragraphs 2 and 3 shall apply mutatis mutandis. No resolution may be passed on any item of 
the agenda which has not been published in the prescribed manner. 
3. 
One or more Holders holding together not less than 5 per cent. of the outstanding Securities may 
require that new items are published for resolution. § 1 paragraphs 2 to 4 shall apply mutatis 
mutandis. Such new items shall be published no later than the third day preceding the Holders' 
Meeting. 
4. 
Any counter motion announced by a Holder before the Holders' Meeting shall promptly be made 
available by the Issuer to all Holders up to the day of the Holders' Meeting on the Issuer's 
website. 
§ 5 
Proxy 
1. 
Each Holder may be represented at the Holders' Meeting by proxy. Such right shall be set out 
in the Convening Notice regarding the Holders' Meeting. The Convening Notice shall further 
specify the prerequisites for valid representation by proxy. 
2. 
The power of attorney and the instructions given by the principal to the proxy holder shall be 
made in text form (Textform). If a person nominated by the Issuer is appointed as proxy, the 
relevant power of attorney shall be kept by the Issuer in a verifiable form for a period of three 
years. 
§ 6 
Chair, Quorum 
1. 
The person convening the Holders' Meeting shall chair the meeting unless another chairman has 
been determined by the court. 
2. 
In the Holders' Meeting the chairman shall prepare a roster of Holders present or represented by 
proxy. Such roster shall state the Holders' names, their registered office or place of residence as 
well as the number of voting rights represented by each Holder. Such roster shall be signed by 
the chairman of the meeting and shall promptly be made available to all Holders.

--- Page 625 ---
Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders of German Securities
 
619 
 
3. 
A quorum shall be constituted for the Holders' Meeting if the persons present represent by value 
not less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Securities. If it is determined at the meeting that no 
quorum exists, the chairman may convene a second meeting for the purpose of passing a new 
resolution. Such second meeting shall require no quorum. For those resolutions the valid 
adoption of which requires a qualified majority, the persons present at the meeting must 
represent not less than 25 per cent. of the outstanding Securities. Securities for which voting 
rights are suspended shall not be included in the outstanding Securities. 
§ 7 
Information Duties, Voting, Minutes 
1. 
The Issuer shall be obliged to give information at the Holders' Meeting to each Holder upon 
request in so far as such information is required for an informed judgment regarding an item on 
the agenda or a proposed resolution. 
2. 
The provisions of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) regarding the voting of 
shareholders at general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis to the casting and counting of 
votes, unless otherwise provided for in the Convening Notice. 
3. 
In order to be valid each resolution passed at the Holders' Meeting shall be recorded in minutes 
of the meeting. If the Holders' Meeting is held in Germany, the minutes shall be recorded by a 
notary. If a Holders' Meeting is held abroad, it must be ensured that the minutes are taken in 
form and manner equivalent to minutes taken by a notary. Section 130 paragraphs 2 to 4 of the 
German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) shall apply mutatis mutandis. Each Holder 
present or represented by proxy at the Holders' Meeting may request from the Issuer, for up to 
one year after the date of the meeting, a copy of the minutes and any annexes. 
§ 8 
Publication of Resolutions 
1. 
The Issuer shall at its expense cause publication of the resolutions passed in appropriate form. 
2. 
In addition, the Issuer shall make available to the public the resolutions passed and, if the 
resolutions amend the Conditions, the wording of the original Conditions, for a period of not 
less than one month commencing on the day following the date of the Holders' Meeting. Such 
publication shall be made on the Issuer's website. 
§ 9 
Insolvency Proceedings in Germany 
1. 
If insolvency proceedings have been instituted over the assets of the Issuer in Germany, then 
any resolutions of Holders shall be subject to the provisions of the German Insolvency Code 
(Insolvenzordnung), unless otherwise provided for in the provisions set out below. Section 340 
of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) shall remain unaffected. 
2. 
The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a Joint Representative to exercise their rights 
jointly in the insolvency proceedings. If no Joint Representative has been appointed, the 
insolvency court shall convene a Holders' Meeting for this purpose in accordance with the 
provisions of the German Bond Act of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) and the provisions 
set out in this Appendix. 
3. 
The Joint Representative shall be obliged and exclusively entitled to assert the rights of the 
Holders in the insolvency proceedings. The Joint Representative need not present the debt 
instrument. 
4. 
In any insolvency plan, the Holders shall be offered equal rights. 
5. 
The insolvency court shall cause that any publications pursuant to the provisions of the German 
Bond Act of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) are published additionally in the internet on 
the website prescribed in section 9 of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung).

--- Page 626 ---
Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders of German Securities
 
620 
 
6. 
If the Issuer includes claims under the Securities in an instrument within the stabilisation and 
restructuring framework under the Act on the Stabilisation and Restructuring of Businesses 
(Unternehmensstabilisierungs- und -restrukturierungsgesetz), the foregoing paragraphs will 
apply accordingly. 
§ 10 
Action to set aside Resolutions 
1. 
An action to set aside a resolution of Holders may be filed on grounds of a breach of law or of 
the Conditions. A resolution of Holders may be subject to an action to set aside by a Holder on 
grounds of inaccurate, incomplete or denied information only if the furnishing of such 
information was considered to be essential in the reasonable judgement of such Holder for its 
voting decision. 
2. 
An action to set aside a resolution may be brought by: 
(a) 
any Holder who has taken part in the vote and has raised an objection against the 
resolution in the time required, provided that such Holder has acquired the Security 
before the publication of the Convening Notice for the Holders' Meeting or before the 
call to vote in a voting without a meeting; 
(b) 
any Holder who did not take part in the vote, provided that his exclusion from voting 
was unlawful, the meeting had not been duly convened, the voting had not been duly 
called for, or if the subject matter of a resolution had not been properly notified. 
3. 
The action to set aside a resolution passed by the Holders is to be filed within one month 
following the publication of such resolution. The action shall be directed against the Issuer. The 
court of exclusive jurisdiction shall be the Regional Court (Landgericht) of Frankfurt am Main. 
Section 246 paragraph 3 sentences 2 to 6 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis. A resolution which is subject to court action may not be 
implemented until the decision of the court has become res judicata, unless a senate of the 
Higher Regional Court (Oberlandesgericht) of the appropriate instance superior to the court 
competent pursuant to sentence 3 above rules, pursuant to section 246a of the German Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz), upon application of the Issuer that the filing of such action to 
be set aside does not impede the implementation of such resolution. Section 246a, paragraph 1 
sentences 1 and 2, paragraphs 2 and 3 sentences 1 to 4 and 6, and paragraph 4 of the German 
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) shall apply mutatis mutandis. 
§ 11 
Implementation of Resolutions 
1. 
Resolutions passed by the Holders' Meeting which amend or supplement the contents of the 
Conditions shall be implemented by supplementing or amending the relevant Global Security. 
If the Global Security is held with a securities depository, the chairman of the meeting or the 
person presiding over the taking of votes shall to this end transmit the resolution passed and 
recorded in the minutes to the securities depository requesting it to attach the documents 
submitted to the existing documents in an appropriate manner. The chairman or the person 
presiding over the taking of votes shall confirm to the securities depository that the resolution 
may be implemented. 
2. 
The Joint Representative may not exercise any powers or authorisations granted to it by 
resolution for as long as the underlying resolution may not be implemented.

--- Page 627 ---
Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders of German Securities
 
621 
 
Part B 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO RESOLUTIONS TO BE PASSED BY VOTES OF HOLDERS 
WITHOUT MEETINGS 
Taking of Votes without Meeting 
1. 
§§ 1 to 11 of Part A shall apply mutatis mutandis to the taking of votes without a meeting, 
unless otherwise provided in paragraphs 2 to 6 below. 
2. 
The voting shall be conducted by the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such 
person shall be a notary appointed by the Issuer, or the Joint Representative if the latter 
has called for the taking of votes, or a person appointed by the court. § 1 paragraph 2 
sentence 2 of Part A shall apply mutatis mutandis. 
3. 
The call for the taking of votes shall specify the period within which votes may be cast. Such 
period shall not be less than 72 hours. During such period, the Holders may cast their votes in 
text form (Textform) to the person presiding over the taking of votes. The Convening Notice 
may provide for other forms of casting votes. The call for the taking of votes shall give details 
as to the prerequisites which must be met for the votes to qualify for being counted. 
4. 
The person presiding over the taking of votes shall determine the entitlement to vote on the basis 
of proof presented and shall prepare a roster of the Holders entitled to vote. If a quorum does 
not exist, the person presiding over the taking of votes may convene a Holders' Meeting. Such 
meeting shall be deemed to be a second meeting within the meaning of § 6 paragraph 3 sentence 
3 of Part A. Minutes shall be taken of each resolution passed. § 7 paragraph 3 sentences 2 and 
3 of Part A shall apply mutatis mutandis. Each Holder who has taken part in the vote may request 
from the Issuer, for up to one year following the end of the voting period, a copy of the minutes 
and any annexes. 
5. 
Each Holder who has taken part in the vote may object in writing to the result of the vote within 
two weeks following the publication of the resolutions passed. The objection shall be decided 
upon by the person presiding over the taking of votes. If he remedies the objection, he shall 
promptly publish the result. § 8 of Part A shall apply mutatis mutandis. If the person presiding 
over the taking of votes does not remedy the objection, he shall promptly inform the objecting 
Holder in writing. 
6. 
The Issuer shall bear the costs of a vote taken without meeting and, if the court has granted leave 
to the application pursuant to § 1 paragraph 2 of Part A, also the costs of such proceedings.

--- Page 628 ---
Belgian Securities Annex 
 
622 
 
APPENDIX 2 – BELGIAN SECURITIES ANNEX 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO BELGIAN SECURITIES 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Where "Belgian Securities Annex" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then the 
terms and conditions of the Securities in the Base Prospectus shall be amended as follows: 
1 
General Condition 15.2 (Consequences of an Event of Default) 
General Condition 15.2 (Consequences of an Event of Default) is deleted in its entirety and 
replaced with the following: 
"If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (i) the Holder of any Note may give 
written notice to the relevant Issuer and the Relevant Programme Agent at their specified offices 
declaring such Note to be immediately due and payable, whereupon such Security shall become 
immediately due and payable on such date (such date, the "Acceleration Date") for an amount 
(such amount, the "Early Payment Amount"), which amount shall be, in respect of: 
(a) 
each Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount (as defined in General Condition 
37.1 (Definitions)), the greater of (I) the Minimum Redemption Amount and (II) the Fair 
Market Value, calculated in respect of the Acceleration Date provided that the 
Calculation Agent shall disregard any change in the credit worthiness of the relevant 
Issuer and Guarantor (if applicable) since the Issue Date of the Securities in its 
determination of such amount; and 
(b) 
each Security that does not have a Minimum Redemption Amount, the Fair Market Value 
calculated in respect of the Acceleration Date provided that the Calculation Agent shall 
disregard any change in the credit worthiness of the relevant Issuer and Guarantor (if 
applicable) since the Issue Date of the Securities in its determination of such amount, 
unless the Event of Default shall have been cured by the Issuer or waived by the Holders prior 
to receipt of such notice by the Issuer and the Relevant Programme Agent." 
2 
General Condition 16 (Early Redemption or Termination for Illegality) 
General Condition 16 (Early Redemption or Termination for Illegality) is deleted in its entirety 
and replaced with the following: 
"The Issuer may, at its option, redeem or terminate (as applicable) the Securities early (on giving 
not less than seven nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Holders (such notice period, 
the "Termination Event Notice Period") (or such other notice period as may be specified as 
the "Termination Event Notice Period" in the relevant Issue Terms)) in the event that it (in the 
case of (ii) below, the Guarantor, if any) determines in a commercially reasonable manner that 
(i) its performance of its obligations under the terms of the Securities or (ii) (if applicable) the 
performance by the Guarantor under the Guarantee, has become unlawful in whole or in part as 
a result of (x) any change in financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange 
rates, or (y) compliance in good faith by the Issuer (or in the case of the Guarantee, if any, the 
Guarantor) or any relevant subsidiaries or affiliates with any applicable present or future law, 
rule, regulation, judgement, order or directive of any governmental, administrative or judicial 
authority or power or in interpretation thereof (such event, a "Termination Event")  
If the Termination Event (whether in and of itself or together with one or more other 
Termination Events) renders the continuance of the Securities definitively impossible, then the 
Termination Event shall be referred to as a "Termination Event (Impossible Performance)"; 
otherwise, if the Termination Event (whether in and of itself or together with one or more other 
Termination Events) does not render the continuance of the Securities definitively impossible, 
the Termination Event shall be referred to as a "Termination Event (Possible Performance)".

--- Page 629 ---
Belgian Securities Annex 
 
623 
 
In the event of an early redemption or termination (as applicable) of the Securities following a 
Termination Event (Impossible Performance) or Termination Event (Possible Performance), as 
the case may be, the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Holder in respect of each such Security 
held by it the Early Payment Amount, determined as follows: 
(a) 
in respect of a Termination Event (Impossible Performance), the Early Payment Amount 
shall be the Fair Market Value; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Termination Event (Possible Performance), and: 
(i) 
each Security that does not have a Minimum Redemption Amount, the Early 
Payment Amount shall be the Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement; and 
(ii) 
each Security that has a Minimum Redemption Amount, the Early Payment 
Amount shall be as provided in (A) or (B) below, as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms: 
(A) 
the Early Payment Amount shall be the Best of Amount; or  
(B) 
the Early Payment Amount shall be such amount as is determined by the 
application of the Monetisation with Holder Put Option." 
3 
General Condition 25 (Calculation Agent, Determination, Disclaimer of Liability and other 
terms) 
(a) 
General Condition 25.2 (Standard of care for calculation, determination or other 
exercise of discretion) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"25.2 Standard of care for calculation, determination or other exercise of 
discretion 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions to the contrary: 
(a) 
all calculations and determinations and other exercises of discretion made by the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Conditions shall be made 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
(b) 
whenever any matter falls to be determined, considered, elected, selected or 
otherwise decided upon by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other person 
under the Conditions, that matter shall be determined, considered, elected, 
selected or otherwise decided upon by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any 
other person in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, including 
without limitation and for the avoidance of doubt any such determination, 
consideration, election, selection or otherwise which is expressed in the 
Conditions to be in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or any other person; 
(c) 
any hedging arrangements shall not be taken into consideration by the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or any other person in respect of any matter which falls to be 
determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other person under the Conditions; 
(d) 
in respect of each provision in the Conditions pursuant to which the Calculation 
Agent or the Issuer may adjust the terms of the Securities (without the prior 
consent of the Holders), the Calculation Agent or Issuer (as applicable) shall take 
all reasonable measures to continue the Securities under similar terms and 
conditions so that any adjustment or alteration made to the essential 
characteristics of the Securities is not substantial and is made in order to preserve 
the original economic rationale and objectives of the Securities;

--- Page 630 ---
Belgian Securities Annex 
 
624 
 
(e) 
in respect of each provision in the Conditions pursuant to which the Calculation 
Agent or the Issuer may substitute or replace a Reference Asset (without the prior 
consent of the Holders), the Calculation Agent or the Issuer (as applicable) may 
only replace the applicable original Reference Asset with a replacement asset 
which is as similar as possible to the original Reference Asset being replaced or 
substituted; and 
(f) 
the Holders may not be charged any costs (such as settlement cost) in relation to 
adjustments or replacements as described in paragraphs (d) and (e) above. 
In the case of any inconsistency with any other term of the Conditions, this General 
Condition 25.2 (Standard of care for calculation, determination or other exercise of 
discretion) shall prevail (save that in the case of any inconsistency General Condition 
28.1 (Modifications and Waivers) shall prevail over this General Condition 25.2 
(Standard of care for calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion)." 
(b) 
General Condition 25.3 (Disclaimer of Liability) is amended by deleting in its entirety 
and replaced with the following: 
"No liability shall attach to the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, or the Guarantor for errors 
or omissions in respect of any calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion 
by such relevant entity under the Conditions provided that, it has acted in accordance 
with General Condition 25.2 (Standard of care for calculation, determination or other 
exercise of discretion).  
No liability shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor for any calculation or determination 
or other exercise of discretion made by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Securities, 
provided that, it has acted in accordance with General Condition 25.2 (Standard of care 
for calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion)." 
4 
General Condition 32 (Substitution) 
(a) 
General Condition 32.1 (Right of Substitution) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with 
the following: 
"The Issuer may (provided it has complied with the requirements set out in General 
Conditions 32.2(a) and (b) (inclusive) at any time, without the consent of the Holders, 
substitute for itself any company from JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its consolidated 
subsidiaries (including the Guarantor) (the "Substitute"), subject to the following: 
(a) 
save where the Issuer being substituted is subject to legal restructuring (including 
without limitation voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, 
bankruptcy or insolvency or analogous proceedings), the Issuer being substituted 
unconditionally guarantees the fulfilment of the obligations of the Substitute 
under the Securities and the Deed of Covenant, in each case by means of the Deed 
Poll; 
(b) 
if no guarantee by the Issuer pursuant to paragraph (a) above is required, the 
Substitute, on the date of such substitution, must have a long term credit rating 
from at least one internationally recognised credit rating agency active in the 
international capital markets (including but not limited to the relevant entity from 
the following rating groups: Standard & Poor's, Moody's Investors Service and 
Fitch Ratings) which is at least as high as that of the Issuer being substituted; and 
(c) 
on the date of such substitution there is no Event of Default in existence and no 
event having occurred which remains in existence on such date which, in the 
absence of the relevant grace period, would otherwise constitute an Event of 
Default, in relation to the Securities." 
(b) 
General Condition 32.2 (Means of Substitution (Securities other than German Securities 
and French Securities)) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

--- Page 631 ---
Belgian Securities Annex 
 
625 
 
"The right of substitution granted to Securities is subject to fulfilment of the following: 
(a) 
the Substitute having, by means of a deed poll (the "Deed Poll"), substantially in 
the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement: 
(i) 
become a party to the Agency Agreement with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(ii) 
indemnified each Holder against (x) any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge that is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) 
the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes 
and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Security or the 
Deed of Covenant arising from or in connection with the substitution and 
(y) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or 
expense or losses suffered by the Holder relating to the substitution; 
(iii) 
completed all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled 
and done in respect of the substitution and to ensure that the Deed Poll, the 
Securities and Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and 
enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, in the case of the Deed Poll, 
of the Guarantor, and a supplement to the Base Prospectus describing the 
Programme having been prepared if required to describe the Substitute; 
and 
(b) 
the Issuer shall give at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the 
Holders (which shall be announced in accordance with General Condition 31 
(Notices)), stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all 
documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to above, or that might 
otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Holders, shall be available for 
inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents." 
5 
General Condition 37.1 (Definitions) 
(a) 
The definition of "Early Payment Amount" under General Condition 37.1 (Definitions) 
is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
""Early Payment Amount" means,  
(a) 
for the purposes only of General Condition 15.2 (Consequences of an Event of 
Default), as defined therein; 
(b) 
for the purposes only of General Condition 16 (Early Redemption or Termination 
for Illegality), as defined therein; and 
(c) 
for all other purposes, unless otherwise specified in the Conditions, such Early 
Payment Amount specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms." 
(b) 
The following new definitions are deemed to be inserted into the list of existing 
defined terms under General Condition 37.1 (Definitions) in the correct alphabetical 
order: 
""Best of Amount" means an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent as the greater of (a) the Minimum Redemption Amount plus Pro Rata 
Issuer Cost Reimbursement and (b) the Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement." 
""Fair Market Value" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
second Business Day immediately preceding the due date for the early redemption of the 
Securities, representing the fair market value of such Securities, determined using its 
internal models and methodologies by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent 
may consider to be appropriate including, without limitation:

--- Page 632 ---
Belgian Securities Annex 
 
626 
 
(a) 
market prices or values for the underlying(s) and other relevant economic 
variables (such as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant 
time taking into account the bid or offer prices of the underlying(s) (as relevant); 
(b) 
the remaining term of the Securities had they remained outstanding to scheduled 
maturity or expiry and/or any scheduled early redemption; 
(c) 
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption or cancellation amount 
which would have been payable had the Securities remained outstanding to 
scheduled maturity or expiry and/or any scheduled early redemption or exercise 
date;  
(d) 
if applicable, accrued interest;  
(e) 
internal pricing models;  
(f) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for securities similar to the 
Securities; and 
(g) 
any other information which the Calculation Agent considers to be relevant (but 
ignoring the event which resulted in such early redemption). 
provided that Holders will not be charged any costs incurred by the Issuer and/or the 
Hedging Entity in connection with such early redemption or settlement, including, 
without limitation, any costs to the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity associated with 
unwinding any funding relating to the Securities, any costs associated with unwinding 
any related Underlying Hedge Transactions, and all other expenses related thereto." 
""Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement" means an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the sum of (i) Fair Market Value and (ii) Pro 
Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement." 
""Monetisation Amount" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Minimum Redemption Amount + (Option Value + Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement) × (1 + r)n 
Where: 
"n" means the remaining term of the relevant Securities expressed in years, 
calculated from the date of the determination that the Securities will be early 
redeemed pursuant to and in accordance with the Conditions following the 
relevant early redemption event to the scheduled Maturity Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
"Option" means the option component or embedded derivative(s) in respect of 
the Calculation Amount of the Securities which provides exposure to the 
Reference Asset(s) (if any), the terms of which are fixed on the trade date (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) in order to enable the Issuer to issue such 
Security at the relevant price and on the relevant terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the bond component in respect of the Calculation Amount of the Securities 
is excluded from the Option; 
"Option Value" means, in respect of the Calculation Amount of the Securities, 
the value (if any) of the Option in respect thereof, subject to a minimum of zero, 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent on such day and time as selected by the 
Calculation Agent at or around the time notice of early redemption is given by 
reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent considers to be appropriate 
including, without limitation: 
(i) 
market prices or values of any relevant Reference Asset(s) and other 
relevant economic variables (such as interest rates, dividend rates, financing

--- Page 633 ---
Belgian Securities Annex 
 
627 
 
costs, the value, price or level of any relevant Reference Asset(s) or other 
reference asset(s) and any futures or options relating to any of them; the volatility 
of any relevant Reference Asset(s) or other reference asset(s); and exchange rates 
(if applicable)); 
(ii) 
the time remaining to maturity of the Securities had they remained 
outstanding to scheduled maturity; 
(iii) 
internal pricing models; and 
(iv) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for the Option; and 
"r" means the annualised interest rate that the Issuer offers on the date of 
determination that the Securities will be early redeemed pursuant to and in 
accordance with the Conditions following the relevant early redemption event(s) 
for a debt security with a maturity equivalent to the scheduled Maturity Date of 
the relevant Securities, taking into account the credit risk of the Issuer, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent." 
""Monetisation with Holder Put Option" means following the occurrence of the 
relevant early redemption event, the Issuer shall notify the Holders as soon as reasonably 
practicable in accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices) (such notice, the "Issuer's 
Notice of Early Redemption") that each Security will be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
for an amount equal to the Monetisation Amount (and no further amounts shall be 
payable under the Securities), unless the relevant Holder makes a valid election to 
exercise its option to redeem the Security for an amount equal to the Fair Market Value 
plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement at early redemption (the "Put Option"). The 
Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption may, but does not have to, include the Fair Market 
Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement of the Securities on a day selected by 
the Calculation Agent on or prior to the date of delivery of such notice, and shall include 
the cut-off date for exercise of the Put Option, the date of determination of the Fair 
Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement in respect of such election 
selected by the Calculation Agent (which may fall after the date of such notice) and the 
early redemption date. 
In order to make a valid election to exercise its Put Option referred to above to redeem 
some or all of its Securities for Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement at early redemption, a Holder must: 
(a) 
in respect of a Global Security, no later than the cut-off date set out in the Issuer's Notice 
of Early Redemption, give to any Paying Agent or the Registrar, respectively, a put 
option exercise notice in the form required by the Relevant Programme Agent ("Put 
Option Exercise Notice"), except that the Put Option Exercise Notice shall not be 
required to contain the serial numbers of the Securities in respect of which the option has 
been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Securities in respect of which the 
option is exercised and at the same time presenting the Permanent Bearer Global Security 
to the Relevant Programme Agent or the Permanent Registered Global Security to the 
Registrar, as the case may be, for notation; or 
(b) 
if such Security is in definitive form and held outside the Relevant Clearing System, no 
later than the cut-off date set out in the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption, deposit the 
registered certificate representing such Securities with the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent at any time during its normal business hours at its specified office, together with 
a duly completed Put Option Exercise Notice. No registered certificate representing such 
Security so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn without the prior consent 
of the Issuer; 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, in respect of any Securities for which: 
(i) 
a valid election to exercise the Holder's option to redeem such Securities for the 
Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement at early redemption

--- Page 634 ---
Belgian Securities Annex 
 
628 
 
has been made, the Early Payment Amount shall be an amount equal to the Fair 
Market Value of the Securities on the date specified as such in the Issuer's Notice 
of Early Redemption plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement, which amount 
shall be payable on the early redemption date specified as such in the Issuer's 
Notice of Early Redemption; and 
(ii) 
a valid election to exercise the Holder's option to redeem such Securities for the 
Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement at early redemption 
has not been made, the Early Payment Amount shall be the Monetisation Amount 
(if any), which amount shall be payable on the Maturity Date. 
In both cases, no other amounts will be payable following the date the Issuer's Notice of 
Early Redemption is given." 
""Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement" means an amount equal to the product of the 
total costs of the Issuer (for example, and without limitation, structuring costs) paid by 
the original holder of the Securities as part of the original issue price of the Securities 
and the Relevant Proportion, as determined by the Calculation Agent." 
""Relevant Proportion" means a number equal to (i) the number of calendar days from, 
and excluding, the date of determination that the relevant Securities will be early 
redeemed pursuant to and in accordance with the Conditions following the relevant early 
redemption event(s) to, and including, the scheduled Maturity Date of the relevant 
Securities, divided by (ii) the number of calendar days from, and excluding, the Issue 
Date of the relevant Securities to, and including, the scheduled Maturity Date of the 
relevant Securities." 
6 
Index Linked Provision 3 (Correction of Index levels) 
Index Linked Provision 3 (Correction of Index levels) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with 
the following: 
"In the event that any relevant level of an Index published by the Index Sponsor on any date 
which is utilised for any calculation or determination in connection with the Securities is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the Index Sponsor: 
(a) 
by the second Business Day prior to the next date on which any relevant payment may 
have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant determination in respect 
of the Securities may have to be made; or 
(b) 
if earlier, one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, 
then the Calculation Agent may determine the amount that is payable or make any determination 
in connection with the Securities, after taking into account such correction, and, to the extent 
necessary, may adjust any relevant terms of the Securities to account for such correction, subject 
to and in accordance with General Condition 25.2 (Standard of care for calculation, 
determination or other exercise of discretion). 
Upon making any such determination or adjustment, as applicable, to account for such 
correction, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders stating 
the determination or adjustment, as applicable, to any amount payable under the Securities 
and/or any of the other relevant terms and giving brief details of the determination or adjustment, 
as applicable, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the 
determination or adjustment, as applicable, such correction or any action taken." 
7 
Index Linked Provision 4 (Consequences of Successors and Index Adjustment Events) 
Index Linked Provision 4 (Consequences of Successors and Index Adjustment Events) is deleted 
in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"4.1 
Consequences of a Successor Index Sponsor or a Successor Index

--- Page 635 ---
Belgian Securities Annex 
 
629 
 
If an Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent (a "Successor 
Index Sponsor") or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of such Index, then in each case such index (the 
"Successor Index") will be deemed to be the Index.  
The Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, 
if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or 
any other terms of the Securities to account for such successor, subject to and in 
accordance with General Condition 25.2 (Standard of care for calculation, determination 
or other exercise of discretion). 
Upon making any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Holders stating the adjustment to any variable, calculation 
methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the Securities 
and/or any of the other relevant terms and giving brief details of the adjustment provided 
that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the adjustment or any 
action taken. 
4.2 
Consequences of an Index Adjustment Event 
If an Index Adjustment Event has occurred in respect of the Securities, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will determine if such Index Adjustment 
Event has a material effect on the Securities and, if so, shall calculate the relevant level 
of the Index using, in lieu of a published level for such Index, the level for such Index as 
at or in respect of the relevant Reference Date, Averaging Date or any other relevant date 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating such 
Index last in effect prior to the relevant Index Adjustment Event, but using only those 
Components that comprised such Index immediately prior to such Index Adjustment 
Event. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not reasonably practicable to calculate or 
continue to calculate the Index pursuant to the preceding paragraph, the Calculation 
Agent may rebase the Securities against another index or basket of indices, as applicable, 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be comparable to the relevant Index, and, 
following such rebasing, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment(s) that it 
determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the Securities to account for such 
rebasing subject to and in accordance with General Condition 25.2 (Standard of care for 
calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion). 
If the Calculation Agent determines that there is not such an index or basket of indices 
comparable to the relevant Index, and/or that application of the preceding paragraphs 
would not achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may 
determine that the Securities shall be redeemed, in which event the Issuer will cause to 
be paid to each Holder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal to the Early 
Payment Amount (as defined in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions)). 
On making any such adjustment(s) or determination(s), the Calculation Agent shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Holders stating the adjustment to any amount payable 
under the Securities, the determination and/or any of the other relevant terms and giving 
brief details of the Index Adjustment Event, provided that any failure to give such notice 
shall not affect the validity of the Index Adjustment Event or any action taken." 
8 
Index Linked Provision 8 (Definitions) 
(a) 
The definition of "Additional Disruption Event" in Index Linked Provision 8 
(Definitions) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

--- Page 636 ---
Belgian Securities Annex 
 
630 
 
""Additional Disruption Event" means (a) a Change in Law, and, (b) a Hedging 
Disruption, in each case if specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable." 
(b) 
The definition of "Change in Law" in Index Linked Provision 8 (Definitions) is deleted 
in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
""Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date of the Securities (a) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines that it has, or it will, within the next 15 calendar days 
but on or prior to the Maturity Date, Redemption Date or Settlement Date, as is applicable 
to the Securities, become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of Components in the 
jurisdiction of such Components or that of the Issuer or the Guarantor."

--- Page 637 ---
Bond Linked Provisions 
 
631 
 
BOND LINKED PROVISIONS 
1. 
Reference Obligor Event ........................................................................................................ 631 
 
1.1 
Occurrence of a Reference Obligor Event .................................................................. 631 
 
1.2 
Maturity Date Extension ............................................................................................. 632 
2. 
Definitions .............................................................................................................................. 632 
 
These Bond Linked Provisions shall apply to Securities for which the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
the Bond Linked Provisions are applicable.  
1 
Reference Obligor Event 
1.1 
Occurrence of a Reference Obligor Event 
(a) 
If: 
 
a Reference Obligor Event occurs; and 
 
subject to Bond Linked Provision 1.1(d) (Occurrence of a Reference Obligor 
Event) below, the Issuer delivers a Reference Obligor Event Notice and, if 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information in accordance with Bond Linked Provision 1.1(c) (Occurrence of a 
Reference Obligor Event),  
then the Issuer will no longer be liable for the payment of the Final Redemption Amount, 
Instalment Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Residual Cash Amount, Redemption 
Amount and/or Settlement Amount, or the delivery of the Reference Asset Amount, on 
the relevant payment and/or delivery date (including the Maturity Date or the Settlement 
Date, as the case may be), and will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations in 
respect of the redemption of each Security, pay the Early Payment Amount to the Holders 
on the Reference Bond Linked Redemption Date, provided that, if Early Payment 
Amount 3 or Early Payment Amount 4 applies, the words "(but ignoring the event which 
resulted in such early redemption)" shall be deleted.  
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Obligor Event has occurred, the 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of such occurrence as soon as reasonably 
practicable. The Calculation Agent shall have no responsibility for (i) conducting or 
failing to conduct any investigation into the business, financial condition, prospects, 
creditworthiness, status and/or affairs of the Reference Obligor or the terms of the 
Reference Bond or any Reference Obligor Obligation or (ii) monitoring any such 
Reference Obligor and whether a Reference Obligor Event has occurred during the term 
of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent shall only be required to notify the Issuer 
upon the Calculation Agent having actual knowledge, within the relevant team 
discharging such function, of the occurrence of such event. For purposes of this 
provision, as soon as is "reasonably practicable" shall take into account the need for the 
Calculation Agent to appropriately investigate and form a view as to whether such event 
has occurred and to take advice from such professional advisers as it may see fit in 
assisting it with such determination. Provided that the Calculation Agent acted 
reasonably in making the relevant determination, neither the Calculation Agent nor the 
Issuer shall have any liability if after the Calculation Agent having notified the Issuer of 
the occurrence of a Reference Obligor Event it subsequently transpires that such event 
had not occurred, and such subsequent finding shall not reverse, stop or otherwise 
invalidate the notification from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and any Reference 
Obligor Event Notice given by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Subject to Bond Linked Provision 1.1(d) (Occurrence of a Reference Obligor Event) 
below, upon receipt of a notice from the Calculation Agent under Bond Linked Provision 
1.1(b) (Occurrence of a Reference Obligor Event), the Issuer shall deliver or procure the 
delivery of, a Reference Obligor Event Notice and, if specified as applicable in the

--- Page 638 ---
Bond Linked Provisions 
 
632 
 
relevant Issue Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information during the Notice 
Delivery Period to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices). 
(d) 
The Issuer shall not be permitted to deliver, or to procure delivery of, a Reference Obligor 
Event Notice in respect of the relevant Securities to the Holders if: 
 
the Maturity Date or the Settlement Date, as the case may be, of the Securities has 
been extended in accordance with Bond Linked Provision 1.2 (Maturity Date 
Extension) below; and  
 
on or prior to the Observation Extension Date, the Reference Bond in respect of 
the Securities matures and all principal, interest and any other amounts due under 
it are paid in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Reference Bond as 
at such Reference Bond's issue date.  
1.2 
Maturity Date Extension 
If, in respect of the Maturity Date or the Settlement Date, as the case may be:  
(a) 
the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Obligor Event may have occurred 
during the period from, and including, the Observation Start Date to, and including, the 
Observation End Date, but that it is not reasonably possible to determine with certainty 
at that time that such Reference Obligor Event has occurred; or 
(b) 
a Reference Obligor Potential Failure to Pay has occurred and is continuing with respect 
to a Reference Bond or, if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as not applicable in the 
Issue Terms, any Reference Obligor Obligation (as applicable) but has not yet resulted 
in a Reference Obligor Failure to Pay, 
the Maturity Date or the Settlement Date, as the case may be, of the Securities shall be extended 
to the second Business Day after the Observation Extension Date (the "Extended Maturity 
Date") and the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Holders of the Extended 
Maturity Date in accordance with General Condition 31 (Notices). No additional interest or any 
other amount shall be payable in respect of such Securities as a result of an extension under this 
Bond Linked Provision 1.2 (Maturity Date Extension). 
2 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Securities 
to which the Bond Linked Provisions apply: 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or 
indirectly under common control with the person. For this purpose, control of any entity or 
person means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person concerned.  
"Business Day" has the meaning given to it in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions) and 
assuming for this purpose that a payment is being made in the currency of the Securities. 
"DC Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by 
the DC Secretary on behalf of ISDA on its website at www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org 
(or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in 
accordance with the terms thereof. 
"DC Secretary" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"Deliver" means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Reference Obligor 
Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the Reference Obligor Guarantee), assign or sell, as 
appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of the applicable Reference Obligor 
Guarantee (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any other 
necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to Reference Obligor 
Guarantees where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest

--- Page 639 ---
Bond Linked Provisions 
 
633 
 
in the Reference Obligor Guarantees to the seller of credit protection free and clear of any and 
all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely imposed on all 
securities in a relevant clearance system, but including, without limitation, any counterclaim, 
defense (other than a counterclaim or defense based on the factors set forth in sub-paragraphs 
(i) to (iv) of the definition of Reference Obligor Event) or right of set-off by or of the Reference 
Obligor or any applicable Underlying Obligor); provided that in the case of a Reference Obligor 
Guarantee, "Deliver" means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Reference 
Obligor Guarantee, provided further that if the Reference Obligor Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, 
"Deliver" means to Deliver the Underlying Obligation, the Reference Obligor Guarantee and all 
claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap. "Delivery" and "Delivered" will 
be construed accordingly. 
"Early Payment Amount" has the meaning given to it in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions). 
"Early Payment Valuation Date" has the meaning given to it in General Condition 37.1 
(Definitions).  
"EC Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in Rome on 
March 25, 1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 
February 7, 1992), the Treaty of Amsterdam (signed in Amsterdam on October 2,1997) and the 
Treaty of Nice (signed in Nice on February 26, 2001). 
"Extended Maturity Date" has the meaning given to it in Bond Linked Provision 1.2 (Maturity 
Date Extension). 
"Final Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to it in General Condition 37.1 
(Definitions). 
"First Reference Bond Event Occurrence Date" means the date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Reference Obligor Guarantee, a specified numerical limit 
or cap on the liability of a Reference Obligor in respect of some or all payments due under the 
Underlying Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by 
reference to a formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding 
principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be 
considered to be variable inputs). 
"Governmental Authority" means:  
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or 
supranational body;  
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets 
(including a central bank) of a Reference Obligor or some or of all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (a) 
to (c) above.  
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor 
thereto. 
"ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, 
as published by ISDA. 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given to it in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions).

--- Page 640 ---
Bond Linked Provisions 
 
634 
 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" means a Reference Bond (if "Reference Bond Only" is specified 
as applicable in the Issue Terms) or a Reference Obligor Obligation (if "Reference Bond Only" 
is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms) that: 
(a) 
at the time of the event which constitutes a Reference Obligor Restructuring is held by 
more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other; and 
(b) 
with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the 
Reference Bond or the Reference Obligor Obligation, as applicable, as in effect on the 
date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and-two-thirds is required to consent to the 
event which constitutes a Reference Obligor Restructuring provided that the Reference 
Bond or any Reference Obligor Obligation, as applicable, that is in the form of, or 
represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to term loan 
agreements, revolving loan agreements or other similar credit agreements), certificated 
debt security or other debt security, shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in this 
sub-paragraph (b). 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Observation Start Date to 
and including the Observation Extension Date. 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means, in relation to a Reference Obligor Event 
Notice, an irrevocable notice by or on behalf of the Issuer that cites Publicly Available 
Information confirming the occurrence of the Reference Obligor Event described in the 
Reference Obligor Event Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description in 
reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information.  
"Observation Start Date" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Observation End Date" means the Maturity Date or the Settlement Date, as the case may be. 
"Observation Extension Date" means the day falling after the Maturity Date or the Settlement 
Date, as the case may be, that is the earlier of (i) thirty (30) calendar days after the Maturity 
Date or the Settlement Date, as the case may be, and (ii) in the case of an extension in relation 
to a Reference Obligor Potential Failure to Pay only, if such day falls on or after the Maturity 
Date or the Settlement Date, as the case may be, the day of the expiration of the applicable grace 
period with respect to payments under and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Reference Obligor Obligation to which the Reference Obligor Potential Failure to Pay 
relates (or, if there is more than one, the latest such date) as such terms and conditions applied 
at such Reference Obligor Obligation's issue date.  
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Reference Obligor Guarantee, a transfer to and 
the assumption by any single transferee of such Reference Obligor Guarantee (including by way 
of cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, 
in circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the 
Reference Obligor to the same single transferee. 
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms (or if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, LSEG, Dow Jones 
Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi 
Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial 
Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), as well as the main source(s) of business 
news in the country in which the Reference Obligor is organised and any other internationally 
recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts 
relevant to the determination that the Reference Obligor Event, as applicable, described in the 
Reference Obligor Event Notice, has occurred and which: 
(a) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources 
(regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); 
or

--- Page 641 ---
Bond Linked Provisions 
 
635 
 
(b) 
is information received from or published by:  
 
the relevant Reference Obligor (or, if the Reference Obligor is a Sovereign, any 
agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority thereof acting in 
a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central 
bank) of such Sovereign); or 
 
a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility 
agent or agent bank for the Reference Bond (if "Reference Bond Only" is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms) or a Reference Obligor Obligation (if 
"Reference Bond Only" is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms),  
(c) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however 
described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative, regulatory or judicial body, or  
(d) 
is information contained in a public announcement by or on behalf of or in relation to 
ISDA or by any DC Secretary or other person who may perform an analogous role with 
respect to the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions,  
provided that where any information of the type described in paragraph (b) or (c) of this 
definition is not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it 
can be made public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information.  
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, 
the party receiving such information may assume that such information has been disclosed to it 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such information has not taken 
any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the Reference Obligor or any 
Affiliate of the Reference Obligor that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure 
of such information to the party receiving such information.  
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state that such occurrence (i) is the 
result of exceeding any applicable grace period, (ii) has met any Reference Obligor Default 
Requirement or Reference Obligor Payment Requirement or (iii) has met any subjective criteria 
specified in a Reference Obligor Event.  
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to it in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions). 
"Reference Bond" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Reference Bond Early Redemption" means in respect of a Reference Bond:  
(a) 
an early repayment at par of the Reference Bond other than in accordance with its terms 
and conditions; 
(b) 
an early redemption of the Reference Bond for tax reasons in accordance with its terms 
and conditions; 
(c) 
an early redemption of the Reference Bond at, below or above par in accordance with its 
terms and conditions; or  
(d) 
any other early redemption and/or early repayment of the Reference Bond in accordance 
with its terms and conditions, including, without limitation, any partial or total call of the 
Reference Bond by the Reference Obligor, 
and which shall, in each case, include where such redemption or repayment (as applicable) is 
not of the entire series of Reference Bonds but is of one or more Reference Bonds, save for 
where such early redemption or repayment (as applicable) relates solely to the nature or status 
of the particular holder or such holder's compliance with any requirements to be a holder or to 
receive payments on such Reference Bond.

--- Page 642 ---
Bond Linked Provisions 
 
636 
 
"Reference Bond Linked Redemption Date" has the meaning given to it in General Condition 
37.1 (Definitions). 
"Reference Obligor" means the issuer of the Reference Bond or the Successor thereof and any 
subsequent successor. 
"Reference Obligor Acceleration" means: 
(a) 
If "Reference Bond Only" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in respect of a 
Reference Bond, such Reference Bond has become due and payable before it would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of 
a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described in the 
terms and conditions governing such Reference Bond as of the Observation Start Date) 
other than a failure to make any required payment; or 
(b) 
if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms, one or more 
Reference Obligor Obligations of the Reference Obligor have become due and payable 
before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, 
the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however 
described in the terms and conditions governing such Reference Obligor Obligations as 
of the Observation Start Date), other than a failure to make any required payment, but 
provided that if the relevant Reference Obligor Obligation(s) are other than the Reference 
Bond, the event should be in respect of an aggregate amount of such other Reference 
Obligor Obligations that is not less than the Reference Obligor Default Requirement. 
"Reference Obligor Bankruptcy" means the Reference Obligor: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as 
they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit 
of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or 
composition becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, 
and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition: 
 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief 
or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or  
 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty 
calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 
thirty calendar days thereafter; or

--- Page 643 ---
Bond Linked Provisions 
 
637 
 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs 
(a) to (g) above. 
"Reference Obligor Default" means: 
(a) 
if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in respect of a 
Reference Bond, such Reference Bond has become capable of being declared due and 
payable before it would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the 
basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event 
(however described in the terms and conditions governing such Reference Bond as of 
the Observation Start Date), other than a failure to make any required payment, 
notwithstanding any grace period set forth in the terms and conditions governing such 
Reference Bond; or 
(b) 
if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms, one or more 
Reference Obligor Obligations of the Reference Obligor have become capable of being 
declared due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a 
result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar 
condition or event (however described in the terms and conditions governing such 
Reference Obligor Obligations as of the Observation Start Date), other than a failure to 
make any required payment, notwithstanding any grace period set forth in the terms and 
conditions governing such Reference Obligor Obligations, but provided that if the 
relevant Reference Obligor Obligation(s) are other than the Reference Bond, the event 
should be in respect of an aggregate amount of such other Reference Obligor Obligations 
that is not less than the Reference Obligor Default Requirement. 
"Reference Obligor Default Requirement" means U.S.$10,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
currency or currencies in which the relevant Reference Obligor Obligations are denominated as 
of the occurrence of the relevant Reference Obligor Event. 
"Reference Obligor Event" means, as determined by the Calculation Agent and described in 
the Reference Obligor Event Notice, the occurrence during the period from, and including, the 
Observation Start Date to, and including, the Observation End Date, of one or more of the 
following: 
(a) 
Reference Obligor Acceleration; 
(b) 
Reference Obligor Default; 
(c) 
Reference Obligor Failure to Pay; 
(d) 
Reference Obligor Governmental Intervention; 
(e) 
Reference Obligor ISDA Event; 
(f) 
Reference Obligor Bankruptcy; 
(g) 
Reference Obligor Repudiation/Moratorium; 
(h) 
Reference Obligor Restructuring; and 
(i) 
Reference Bond Early Redemption. 
Any Reference Obligor Failure to Pay that occurs during the period from, and including, the 
Maturity Date or the Settlement Date, as the case may be, to, and including, the Observation 
Extension Date and that results, as determined by the Calculation Agent, from a Reference 
Obligor Potential Failure to Pay that occurs during the period from, and including, the 
Observation Start Date to, and including, the Observation End Date, shall also constitute a 
Reference Obligor Event.

--- Page 644 ---
Bond Linked Provisions 
 
638 
 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Reference Obligor Event, such occurrence will 
constitute a Reference Obligor Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly 
from, or is subject to a defense based upon (i) any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity 
of the Reference Obligor to enter into any Reference Obligor Obligation or, as applicable, an 
Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation, (ii) any actual or alleged 
unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any Reference Obligor 
Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described, (iii) any applicable 
law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any 
change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative 
or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, 
decree or notice, however described, or (iv) the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange 
controls, capital restrictions or any other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other 
authority, however described. 
"Reference Obligor Event Notice" means an irrevocable notice that is effective during the 
Notice Delivery Period delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Holders that describes a 
Reference Obligor Event that occurred on or prior to the Observation End Date (or, in the case 
of a Reference Obligor Potential Failure to Pay, a related Reference Obligor Failure to Pay that 
occurred on or prior to the Observation Extension Date). A Reference Obligor Event Notice 
must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a 
Reference Obligor Event has occurred (subject to the description therein being limited by any 
confidentiality restrictions, applicable laws, rules or regulations binding on the Issuer and/or the 
Calculation Agent).  
"Reference Obligor Failure to Pay" means: 
(a) 
if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in respect of a 
Reference Bond, the failure by the Reference Obligor to make, when and where due, any 
payment under a Reference Bond (disregarding for this purpose, any terms allowing for 
non-payment, deferral (other than as by operation of standard business day conventions) 
or adjustments to any scheduled payments and any notice or grace period in respect 
thereof), provided that such failure is not remedied on or before the third Business Day 
(inclusive) immediately following the relevant scheduled payment date, notwithstanding 
any grace period set forth in the terms and conditions governing such Reference Bond at 
the time of such failure; or 
(b) 
if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms, in respect of 
one or more Reference Obligor Obligations of the Reference Obligor, the failure by the 
Reference Obligor to make, when and where due, any payment under such Reference 
Obligor Obligations (disregarding for this purpose, in respect of the Reference Bond 
only, any terms allowing for non-payment, deferral (other than as by operation of 
standard business day conventions) or adjustments to any scheduled payments and any 
notice or grace period in respect thereof), provided that such failure is not remedied on 
or before the third Business Day (inclusive) immediately following the relevant 
scheduled payment date, notwithstanding any grace period set forth in the terms and 
conditions governing such Reference Obligor Obligations at the time of such failure, but 
provided that if the relevant Reference Obligor Obligation(s) are other than the Reference 
Bond, the event should be in respect of an aggregate amount of such other Reference 
Obligor Obligations that is not less than the Reference Obligor Payment Requirement. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Reference Obligor Failure to Pay (i) is a result of a 
redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of 
general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available 
market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will 
be deemed not to constitute a Reference Obligor Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself 
constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as 
determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such 
redenomination.  
"Reference Obligor Governmental Intervention" means:

--- Page 645 ---
Bond Linked Provisions 
 
639 
 
(a) 
if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in respect of a 
Reference Bond, if any one or more of the following events occurs as a result of action 
taken or an announcement made, by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means 
of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or 
regulation), in each case, applicable to the Reference Obligor, in a form which is binding, 
irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of the 
Reference Bond; or 
(b) 
if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms, in respect of 
one or more Reference Obligor Obligations of the Reference Obligor, if any one or more 
of the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made, by 
a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law 
or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the 
Reference Obligor, in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is 
expressly provided for under the terms of the Reference Obligor Obligations, 
in each case, 
 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (1) the 
payment or accrual of interest or (2) the payment of principal or premium; 
or 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any obligation under the 
Reference Bond (in the case of sub-paragraph (a) above) or the relevant 
Reference Obligor Obligations (in the case of sub-paragraph (b) above), 
causing the Subordination of such obligation to any other Reference 
Obligor Obligation of the Reference Obligor; 
 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Reference Bond (in the case of sub-paragraph (a) above) or the 
relevant Reference Obligor Obligations (in the case of sub-paragraph (b) above); 
 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in 
paragraphs (i) to (iii) of this definition, 
but provided that in the case of sub-paragraph (b) above, if the relevant Reference Obligor 
Obligation(s) are other than the Reference Bond, the event should be in respect of an aggregate 
amount of such other Reference Obligor Obligations that is not less than the Reference Obligor 
Default Requirement. 
For purposes of this definition of "Reference Obligor Governmental Intervention", the term 
Reference Obligor Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the 
Reference Obligor is acting as provider of a Reference Obligor Guarantee. 
"Reference Obligor Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument 
(including, without limitation, a statute, regulation or legislation), pursuant to which the 
Reference Obligor irrevocably agrees, undertakes or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of 
principal and interest (except for amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed 
Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by 
guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal 
arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law).

--- Page 646 ---
Bond Linked Provisions 
 
640 
 
A Reference Obligor Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of 
credit (or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the 
Reference Obligor can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as 
a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, 
other than: 
 
by payment; 
 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
 
by operation of law; 
 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Reference Obligor Governmental 
Intervention; or  
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if the Reference Obligor is a European 
insurance company and the Reference Bond or relevant Reference Obligor 
Obligation, as applicable, is in respect of subordinated debt.  
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Obligor and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant 
determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to 
or following the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying 
Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of Reference Obligor 
Bankruptcy in respect of the Reference Obligor or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be 
deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the 
terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation.  
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Reference Obligor Guarantee: 
(x)  
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the 
Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and 
(y)  
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such 
Fixed Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such 
guarantee. 
"Reference Obligor ISDA Event" means: 
(a) 
if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, there is a public 
announcement by or on behalf of or in relation to ISDA or by any DC Secretary or other 
person who may perform an analogous role in relation to the ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions of the occurrence of a Credit Event (as defined pursuant to applicable ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions) in relation to the Reference Obligor in respect of a 
Reference Bond; or 
(b) 
if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms, there is a 
public announcement by or on behalf of or in relation to ISDA or by any DC Secretary 
or other person who may perform an analogous role in relation to the ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions of the occurrence of a Credit Event (as defined pursuant to 
applicable ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) in relation to the Reference Obligor in 
respect of any Reference Obligor Obligation.

--- Page 647 ---
Bond Linked Provisions 
 
641 
 
"Reference Obligor Obligation" means, in respect of the Reference Obligor, any obligation of 
the Reference Obligor (including the Reference Bond), either directly or as provider of a 
Reference Obligor Guarantee (but excluding an obligation under a revolving credit arrangement 
for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal amounts) for the 
payment or repayment of borrowed money (including, without limitation, deposits and 
reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
"Reference Obligor Payment Requirement" means U.S.$1,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
currency or currencies in which the relevant Reference Obligor Obligations are denominated as 
of the occurrence of the relevant Reference Obligor Event. 
"Reference Obligor Potential Failure to Pay" means: 
(a) 
if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in respect of a 
Reference Bond, the failure by the Reference Obligor to make, when and where due, any 
payment under a Reference Bond (disregarding for this purpose, any terms allowing for 
non-payment, deferral (other than as by operation of standard business day conventions) 
or adjustments to any scheduled payments and any notice or grace period in respect 
thereof), without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the 
commencement of any grace period applicable to such Reference Bond; or 
(b) 
if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms, in respect of 
one or more Reference Obligor Obligations of the Reference Obligor, the failure by the 
Reference Obligor to make, when and where due, any payment under such Reference 
Obligor Obligations (disregarding for this purpose, any terms allowing for non-payment, 
deferral (other than as by operation of standard business day conventions) or adjustments 
to any scheduled payments and any notice or grace period in respect thereof), without 
regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any 
grace period applicable to such Reference Obligor Obligations, but provided that if the 
relevant Reference Obligor Obligation(s) are other than the Reference Bond, the event 
should be in respect of an aggregate amount of such other Reference Obligor Obligations 
that is not less than the Reference Obligor Payment Requirement. 
"Reference Obligor Repudiation/Moratorium" means: 
(a) 
if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, an authorised 
officer of the Reference Obligor or a Governmental Authority (i) disaffirms, disclaims, 
repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, a Reference Bond; 
or (ii) declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto 
or de jure, with respect to a Reference Bond; or 
(b) 
if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms, an authorised 
officer of the Reference Obligor or a Governmental Authority (i) disaffirms, disclaims, 
repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more 
Reference Obligor Obligations, provided that where the relevant Reference Obligor 
Obligation(s) are other than the Reference Bond, the event should be in respect of an 
aggregate amount of such other Reference Obligor Obligations that is not less than the 
Reference Obligor Default Requirement; or (ii) declares or imposes a moratorium, 
standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to one or more 
Reference Obligor Obligations, provided that where the relevant Reference Obligor 
Obligation(s) are other than the Reference Bond, the event should be in respect of an 
aggregate amount of such other Reference Obligor Obligations that is not less than the 
Reference Obligor Default Requirement. 
"Reference Obligor Restructuring" means: 
(a) 
if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, any one or more 
of the following events occurs with respect to the Reference Bond in a form that (i) binds 
all holders of such Reference Bond; (ii) is agreed between the Reference Obligor or a 
Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Reference Bond to 
bind all holders of the Reference Bond; or (iii) is announced (or otherwise decreed) by

--- Page 648 ---
Bond Linked Provisions 
 
642 
 
the Reference Obligor or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of 
such Reference Bond (including, in each case, in respect of a Reference Bond in the form 
of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to term loan 
agreements, revolving loan agreements or other similar credit agreements), certificated 
debt security or other debt security, by way of an exchange), and such event is not 
expressly provided for under the terms of such Reference Bond in effect as of the 
Observation Start Date; or 
(b) 
if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms, any one or 
more of the following events occurs with respect to one or more Reference Obligor 
Obligations of the Reference Obligor, provided that where the Reference Obligor 
Obligation(s) are other than the Reference Bond, the event should be in respect of an 
aggregate amount of such other Reference Obligor Obligations that is not less than the 
Reference Obligor Default Requirement, in a form that (i) binds all holders of such 
Reference Obligor Obligations; (ii) is agreed between the Reference Obligor or a 
Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Reference Obligor 
Obligations to bind all holders of such Reference Obligor Obligations; or (iii) is 
announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Reference Obligor or a Governmental 
Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Reference Obligor Obligations 
(including, in each case, in respect of Reference Obligor Obligations in the form of, or 
represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to term loan 
agreements, revolving loan agreements or other similar credit agreements), certificated 
debt security or other debt security, by way of an exchange), and such event is not 
expressly provided for under the terms of such Reference Obligor Obligations in effect 
as of the later of the Observation Start Date and the date as of which such Reference 
Obligor Obligation is issued or incurred, 
in each case: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either: 
(1) 
the payment or accrual of interest; or 
(2) 
the payment of principal or premium; 
(D) 
(1) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (a) above, a change in the ranking in 
priority of payment of such Reference Bond, causing the 
Subordination of such Reference Bond to any other Reference 
Obligor Obligation; or 
(2) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (b) above, a change in the ranking in 
priority of payment of such Reference Obligor Obligations, causing 
the Subordination of such Reference Obligor Obligations to the 
Reference Bond or any other Reference Obligor Obligation; 
(E) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or 
premium. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) above, none of the following shall constitute 
a Reference Obligor Restructuring: 
 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to the Reference 
Bond (in the case of sub-paragraph (a) above) or any Reference Obligor 
Obligation (in the case of sub-paragraph (b) above) denominated in a currency of 
a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the EC Treaty;

--- Page 649 ---
Bond Linked Provisions 
 
643 
 
 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State 
of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion 
between euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination 
and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of 
conversion; 
 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described 
in sub-paragraphs (A) to (E) above (with respect to both sub-paragraphs (a) and 
(b) above) due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax 
adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of 
business; and 
 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described 
in sub-paragraphs (A) to (E) above (with respect to both sub-paragraphs (a) and 
(b) above) in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result 
from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the 
Reference Obligor, provided that in respect of sub-paragraph (E) (with respect to 
both sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) above) only, no such deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Obligor is required where 
the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of 
action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European 
Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority. 
(d) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described 
under sub-paragraphs (A) to (E) above (with respect to both paragraphs (a) and (b) 
above) has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Reference Bond 
(in the case of sub-paragraph (a) above) or Reference Obligor Obligation (in the case of 
sub-paragraph (b) above) immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the 
resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
(e) 
For purposes of this definition of "Reference Obligor Restructuring" and the definition 
of "Multiple Holder Obligation", the term Reference Obligor Obligation shall be deemed 
to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Obligor is acting as provider 
of a Reference Obligor Guarantee. In the case of a Reference Obligor Guarantee and an 
Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Obligor in sub-paragraph (b) of this 
definition shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the 
Reference Obligor in sub-paragraph (c) shall continue to refer to the Reference Obligor. 
(f) 
Unless "Multiple Holder Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of Reference 
Obligor Restructuring, the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the 
events described in sub-paragraphs (A) to (E) above (with respect to both paragraphs (a) 
and (b) above) shall not be a Reference Obligor Restructuring unless the Reference Bond 
(in the case of sub-paragraph (a) above) or the Reference Obligor Obligation (in the case 
of sub-paragraph (b) above) in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder 
Obligation. 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to it in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions). 
"Settlement Amount" has the meaning given to it in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions). 
"Settlement Date" has the meaning given to it in General Condition 37.1 (Definitions). 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference 
Obligor's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, 
reduced or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute 
capital resources of a particular tier.

--- Page 650 ---
Bond Linked Provisions 
 
644 
 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority (including, without limiting the 
foregoing, the central bank) thereof.  
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Sources specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(or if a number is not specified, two). 
"Subordination" means, with respect to the Reference Bond (if "Reference Bond Only" is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms) or relevant Reference Obligor Obligation (if 
"Reference Bond Only" is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms) (the "Subordinated 
Obligation") and another obligation of the Reference Obligor to which such Reference Bond 
(if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms) or relevant Reference 
Obligor Obligation (if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms) 
is being compared (the "Senior Obligation"), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement 
providing that: 
(a) 
upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding-up of the Reference Obligor, 
claims of the holders of the Senior Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the 
claims of the holders of the Subordinated Obligation or  
(b) 
the holders of the Subordinated Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain 
payments in respect of their claims against the Reference Obligor at any time that the 
Reference Obligor is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the Senior 
Obligation. 
"Subordinated" will be construed accordingly. For the purposes of determining whether 
Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation 
to which it is being compared, (i) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law 
or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be 
taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of 
law shall be taken into account where the Reference Obligor is a Sovereign and (ii) the ranking 
in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which the Reference Bond (if 
"Reference Bond Only" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms) or relevant Reference 
Obligor Obligation (if "Reference Bond Only" is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms) 
was issued and shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such 
date. 
"Successor" means with respect to the Reference Bond and: 
(a) 
with respect to a Reference Obligor which is not a Sovereign, the entity who succeeds to 
the obligations of the Reference Obligor as determined by the Calculation Agent as soon 
as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of the relevant Succession Event on the 
basis of Publicly Available Information; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Reference Obligor which is a Sovereign, Successor means each entity 
which becomes a direct or indirect successor to such Reference Obligor by way of a 
Succession Event, irrespective of whether any such successor assumes any of the 
obligations of such Reference Obligor.  
"Succession Event" means: 
(a) 
with respect to a Reference Obligor that is not a Sovereign, an event such as a merger, 
consolidation, amalgamation, transfer of assets or liabilities, demerger, spin-off or other 
similar event in which one entity succeeds to the obligations of another entity, whether 
by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Reference Obligor that is a Sovereign, an event such as annexation, 
unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other event 
that results in any direct or indirect successor(s) to such Reference Obligor. 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject 
of the guarantee.

--- Page 651 ---
Bond Linked Provisions 
 
645 
 
"Underlying Obligor" means, with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the principal obligor 
in respect thereof.

--- Page 652 ---
Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities 
 
646 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE COLLATERAL ARRANGEMENTS IN RESPECT OF EACH SERIES 
OF SECURITIES 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc, J.P. Morgan SE or such other entity named as Collateral Provider in the 
applicable Constituting Instrument (as defined above) in respect of the Relevant Series of Securities (as 
defined above) (the "Collateral Provider") (which shall be specified in the relevant Issue Terms) will 
provide collateral (the "Collateral") in respect of all Series of Securities issued under the Programme. 
The Collateral will be held in one or more accounts with The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch (the "Collateral Custodian (Lux)") and/or with The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch (the "Collateral Custodian (UK)"). The Collateral Provider will grant one or more 
Luxembourg law security interests (each a "Luxembourg Law Pledge") over the Collateral held with 
the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and one or more English law security interests (each an "English Law 
Charge" and each of the Luxembourg Law Pledges and the English Law Charges, the "Security 
Interests") over the Collateral held with the Collateral Custodian (UK), depending on the accounts in 
which the Collateral for a particular Series of Securities is to be held.  
The terms and operation of the collateral arrangements with respect to any Series of Securities (subject 
to the following paragraph) depend on:  
 
whether the Type of Collateral Pool specified in the relevant Issue Terms is Single Series 
Collateral Pool or Multiple Series Collateral Pool;  
 
in the case of a Series where Single Series Collateral Pool is specified, whether the Type of 
Collateralisation for such Series is (a) Static Collateral, (b) Margined Collateral or (c) Static and 
Margined Collateral; and  
 
in the case where the Type of Collateralisation for such Series is either (a) Margined Collateral 
or (b) Static and Margined Collateral, whether certain accounts that may be held with the 
Collateral Custodian (UK) and/or the Collateral Custodian (Lux) are specified as applicable in 
the Issue Terms.  
In the case of any Series where Multiple Series Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
as the Type of Collateral Pool, the Type of Collateralisation for such Series will be Margined Collateral. 
Where the Securities are Exempt Securities, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base 
Prospectus, the Type of Collateralisation specified in the relevant Issue Terms may be different to "Static 
Collateral", "Margined Collateral" or "Static and Margined Collateral", in which case the provisions 
which govern such different Type of Collateralisation, including (without limitation) the custody 
arrangements with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK), and the security 
arrangements with the Security Trustee, will be set out in the applicable documentation.  
1 
Single Series Collateral Pool arrangements 
In respect of each Series of Securities where the Type of Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as being Single Series Collateral Pool, such Series of Securities will be the only Series of 
Securities to be secured by the Collateral. The Collateral Provider will grant the Security Interests in 
favour of BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (and its successors from time to time) (the 
"Security Trustee") for the benefit of the Holders in respect of such Series of Securities, itself and any 
appointee thereof. The Security Interests in respect of the Collateral will be granted to the Security 
Trustee as continuing security for the payment by the Issuer of all sums due to: (i) the Security Trustee 
(and any appointee thereof) in respect of the Series of Securities and (ii) the Holders in respect of such 
Series of Securities. 
The Type of Collateralisation for such Series of Securities will be specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
to be (i) Static Collateral, (ii) Margined Collateral or (iii) Static and Margined Collateral. 
Static Collateral 
Where the Type of Collateralisation specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Series is Static 
Collateral, the Collateral in respect of such Series will be a specific asset or specific assets specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms from the outset as the "Static Collateral" and constituting Eligible Collateral (as 
set out below) that as at the Issue Date will have a notional or nominal amount then equal to the notional

--- Page 653 ---
Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities 
 
647 
 
or nominal amount of the Series of Securities or such other amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
The Collateral will be held in one or more accounts (the "Static Collateral Account") with the Collateral 
Custodian (Lux) and the Security Interest over Collateral held in the Static Collateral Account with the 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) will be a Luxembourg Law Pledge. The Collateral Provider will not be 
required to transfer more Collateral to the Collateral Custodian (Lux) to be held in the Static Collateral 
Account, and the Collateral Custodian (Lux) will not be required to transfer Collateral back to the 
Collateral Provider, as a result of any increase or decrease, respectively, in the value of the Series of 
Securities or the Collateral held by the Collateral Custodian (Lux) in the Static Collateral Account.  
The Collateral Provider will not be permitted to remove or substitute Collateral credited to the Static 
Collateral Account held with the Collateral Custodian (Lux). If, however, "Bond Linked Provisions" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms with respect to the Series of Securities, then on the 
Early Payment Valuation Date or on any subsequent date during the Early Payment Valuation Period the 
Collateral Provider may substitute some or all of the Collateral credited to the Static Collateral Account 
with an amount of cash denominated in the currency of such Series of Securities equal to the value of 
such Collateral to be transferred out of the Static Collateral Account as of the Early Payment Valuation 
Date, provided such cash amount is credited to the secured account before the Collateral is debited from 
the Static Collateral Account.  
Margined Collateral  
Where the Type of Collateralisation specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Series is Margined 
Collateral, the Collateral in respect of such Series will be comprised of two elements, the "Required 
Fixed Value Collateral" and the "Required MTM Value Collateral", each as further described below. The 
terms and operation of the security arrangements with respect to each of the Required Fixed Value 
Collateral and the Required MTM Value Collateral will be independent from one another. 
Required Fixed Value Collateral 
In respect of Required Fixed Value Collateral, such Collateral in respect of a Series of Securities will be 
selected by the Collateral Provider from the list of Eligible Collateral as set out below and as at the Issue 
Date will have a value equal to the aggregate of the Fixed Amounts per Security (as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) in respect of such Series. A portion of the Collateral may be held in one or more 
accounts with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) (if Non-Triparty Margined Account is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms with respect to the Required Fixed Value Collateral) and the 
Security Interest over such Collateral will be a Luxembourg Law Pledge and a portion of the Collateral 
may be held in one or more accounts with the Collateral Custodian (UK) (if Triparty Margined Account 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms with respect to the Required Fixed Value 
Collateral) and the Security Interest over such Collateral will be an English Law Charge (the "Required 
Fixed Value Collateral Accounts"). The Collateral Provider will have the right to specify what portion 
of the Collateral will be held in one or more Required Fixed Value Collateral Accounts with the Collateral 
Custodian (Lux) and the Collateral Custodian (UK) from time to time (if Non-Triparty Margined 
Account and Triparty Margined Account are both specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms 
with respect to the Required Fixed Value Collateral). The Collateral Provider will be required where 
necessary to transfer additional Eligible Collateral to the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral 
Custodian (UK) to be held in the Required Fixed Value Collateral Accounts with the Collateral Custodian 
(Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK) to ensure that on each Business Day, the aggregate market 
value of Eligible Collateral held in the applicable Required Fixed Value Collateral Accounts with the 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK) is at least equal to the aggregate of the 
Fixed Amounts per Security (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) in respect of the then outstanding 
Securities of such Series (the "Required Fixed Value"). The Collateral Provider will be permitted to 
remove or substitute Eligible Collateral credited to the Required Fixed Value Collateral Accounts, 
provided that any such removal or substitution does not result in the aggregate market value of Eligible 
Collateral held in the Required Fixed Value Collateral Accounts being less than the Required Fixed 
Value.  
Required MTM Value Collateral 
In respect of Required MTM Value Collateral, such Collateral in respect of a Series of Securities will be 
selected by the Collateral Provider from the list of Eligible Collateral as set out below and as at the Issue 
Date will have a value equal to the excess of the market value of the Series of Securities (or the percentage

--- Page 654 ---
Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities 
 
648 
 
of the market value of the Series of Securities specified in the relevant Issue Terms) over the Required 
Fixed Value, subject to a minimum of zero (such excess, the "Required MTM Value"). A portion of the 
Collateral may be held in one or more accounts with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) (if Non-Triparty 
Margined Account is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms with respect to the Required 
MTM Value Collateral) and the Security Interest over such Collateral will be a Luxembourg Law Pledge 
and a portion of the Collateral may be held in one or more accounts with the Collateral Custodian (UK) 
(if Triparty Margined Account is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms with respect to 
the Required MTM Value Collateral) and the Security Interest over such Collateral will be an English 
Law Charge (the "Required MTM Value Collateral Accounts"). The Collateral Provider will have the 
right to specify what portion of the Collateral will be held in one or more Required MTM Value Collateral 
Accounts with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and the Collateral Custodian (UK) from time to time (if 
Non-Triparty Margined Account and Triparty Margined Account are both specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms with respect to the Required MTM Value Collateral). The Collateral Provider 
will be required where necessary to transfer additional Eligible Collateral to the Collateral Custodian 
(Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK) to be held in the applicable Required MTM Value Collateral 
Accounts with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK) to ensure that on 
each Business Day, the aggregate market value of Eligible Collateral held in the Required MTM Value 
Collateral Accounts with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK) is at least 
equal to the Required MTM Value. The Collateral Provider will be permitted to remove or substitute 
Eligible Collateral credited to the Required MTM Value Collateral Accounts, provided that any such 
removal or substitution does not result in the aggregate market value of Eligible Collateral held in the 
Required MTM Value Collateral Accounts being less than the Required MTM Value.  
Static and Margined Collateral 
Where the Type of Collateralisation specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Series is Static and 
Margined Collateral, the Collateral in respect of such Series will be comprised of three elements, the 
"Static Collateral", the "Required Fixed Value Collateral" and the "Required MTM Value 
Collateral", each as further described below.  
Static Collateral 
In respect of Static Collateral, such Collateral in respect of a Series of Securities will be a specific asset 
or specific assets specified in the relevant Issue Terms from the outset as the "Static Collateral" and 
constituting Eligible Collateral (as set out below) that as at the Issue Date will have a notional or nominal 
amount then equal to a proportion of the notional or nominal amount of the Series of Securities specified 
as the "Initial Static Margin Notional Amount" in the relevant Issue Terms and which will be held in one 
or more secured accounts with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) (the "Static Collateral Account"). The 
Security Interest over the Collateral held in the Static Collateral Account with the Collateral Custodian 
(Lux) will be a Luxembourg Law Pledge. The Collateral Provider will not be required to transfer more 
Collateral to the Collateral Custodian (Lux) to be held in the Static Collateral Account, and the Collateral 
Custodian (Lux) will not be required to transfer Collateral from the Static Collateral Account back to the 
Collateral Provider, as a result of any increase or decrease, respectively, in the value of the Series of 
Securities or the Collateral held by the Collateral Custodian (Lux) in the Static Collateral Account. 
The Collateral Provider will not be permitted to remove or substitute the Collateral credited to the Static 
Collateral Account. If, however, "Bond Linked Provisions" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms with respect to the Series of Securities, then on the Early Payment Valuation Date or on any 
subsequent date during the Early Payment Valuation Period the Collateral Provider may substitute some 
or all of the Collateral credited to the Static Collateral Account with an amount of cash denominated in 
the currency of such Series of Securities equal to the value of such Collateral to be transferred out of the 
Static Collateral Account as of the Early Payment Valuation Date, provided such cash amount is credited 
to the secured account before the Collateral is debited from the Static Collateral Account.  
Required Fixed Value Collateral 
In respect of Required Fixed Value Collateral, such Collateral in respect of a Series of Securities will be 
selected by the Collateral Provider from the list of Eligible Collateral as set out below and as at the Issue 
Date will have a value equal to the aggregate of the Fixed Amounts per Security (as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) in respect of such Series. A portion of the Collateral may be held in one or more 
accounts with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) (if Non-Triparty Margined Account is specified to be

--- Page 655 ---
Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities 
 
649 
 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms with respect to the Required Fixed Value Collateral) and the 
Security Interest over such Collateral will be a Luxembourg Law Pledge and a portion of the Collateral 
may be held in one or more accounts with the Collateral Custodian (UK) (if Triparty Margined Account 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms with respect to the Required Fixed Value 
Collateral) and the Security Interest over such Collateral will be an English Law Charge (the "Required 
Fixed Value Collateral Accounts"). The Collateral Provider will have the right to specify what portion 
of the Collateral will be held in one or more Required Fixed Value Collateral Accounts with the Collateral 
Custodian (Lux) and the Collateral Custodian (UK) from time to time (if Non-Triparty Margined 
Account and Triparty Margined Account are both specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms 
with respect to the Required Fixed Value Collateral). The Collateral Provider will be required where 
necessary to transfer additional Eligible Collateral to the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral 
Custodian (UK) to be held in the applicable Required Fixed Value Collateral Accounts with the Collateral 
Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK) to ensure that on each Business Day, the aggregate 
market value of Eligible Collateral held in the Required Fixed Value Collateral Accounts with the 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK) is at least equal to the aggregate of the 
Fixed Amounts per Security (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) in respect of the then outstanding 
Securities of such Series (the "Required Fixed Value"). The Collateral Provider will be permitted to 
remove or substitute Eligible Collateral credited to the Required Fixed Value Collateral Accounts, 
provided that any such removal or substitution does not result in the aggregate market value of Eligible 
Collateral held in the Required Fixed Value Collateral Accounts being less than the Required Fixed 
Value.  
Required MTM Value Collateral 
In respect of Required MTM Value Collateral, such Collateral in respect of a Series of Securities will be 
selected by the Collateral Provider from the list of Eligible Collateral as set out below and as at the Issue 
Date will have a value equal to the excess of the market value of the Series of Securities (or the percentage 
of the market value of the Series of Securities specified in the relevant Issue Terms) over the Required 
Fixed Value, subject to a minimum of zero (such excess, the "Required MTM Value") minus the Initial 
Static Margin Notional Amount (subject to a minimum of zero). A portion of the Collateral may be held 
in one or more accounts with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) (if Non-Triparty Margined Account is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms with respect to the Required MTM Value 
Collateral) and the Security Interest over such Collateral will be a Luxembourg Law Pledge and a portion 
of the Collateral may be held in one or more accounts with the Collateral Custodian (UK) (if Triparty 
Margined Account is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms with respect to the Required 
MTM Value Collateral) and the Security Interest over such Collateral will be an English Law Charge 
(the "Required MTM Value Collateral Accounts"). The Collateral Provider will have the right to 
specify what portion of the Collateral will be held in one or more Required MTM Value Collateral 
Accounts with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and the Collateral Custodian (UK) from time to time (if 
Non-Triparty Margined Account and Triparty Margined Account are both specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms with respect to the Required MTM Value Collateral). The Collateral Provider 
will be required where necessary to transfer additional Eligible Collateral to the Collateral Custodian 
(Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK) to be held in the applicable Required MTM Value Collateral 
Accounts with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK) to ensure that on 
each Business Day, the aggregate market value of Eligible Collateral held in the Required MTM Value 
Collateral Accounts with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK) is at least 
equal to the Required MTM Value minus the Initial Static Margin Notional Amount (subject to a 
minimum of zero).  
The Collateral Provider will be permitted to remove or substitute Eligible Collateral credited to the 
secured Required MTM Value Collateral Accounts, provided that any such removal or substitution does 
not result in the aggregate market value of Eligible Collateral held in the Required MTM Value Collateral 
Accounts being less than the Required MTM Value minus the Initial Static Margin Notional Amount.  
Enforcement of the Security Interest  
The Security Interests will become enforceable if the Series of Securities has become due for redemption 
in full and payment of any Early Payment Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, final Instalment Amount, Residual Cash Amount, Redemption Amount, Settlement Amount (in 
each case, as defined in the Conditions) or any other amount payable by the Issuer on a Security by way 
of a redemption in full of that Security has not been made within 30 days (an "Enforcement Event").

--- Page 656 ---
Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities 
 
650 
 
The Security Trustee (subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction) 
or any appointed receiver (in respect of an English Law Charge only), will be required to enforce such 
Security Interests following the occurrence of such Enforcement Event only upon receipt of a written 
enforcement direction through an Extraordinary Resolution.  
Application of proceeds and payments 
Upon the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Security Trustee will apply all moneys received by it 
in respect of the relevant Collateral in accordance with the following order of priorities: (i) first, to the 
Security Trustee in payment or satisfaction of the fees and remuneration due to the Security Trustee and 
the costs, charges, losses, demands, claims, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Security Trustee or 
any of its appointees in executing and performing its duties under the relevant security deed in respect of 
the Security Interests and (ii) secondly, pari passu and rateably amongst themselves and based on the 
claims outstanding of the Holders of such Series of Securities and (iii) thirdly, to the Collateral Provider 
in payment of any surplus. 
Collateral Provider's unsecured claim against Issuer for reimbursement 
Following enforcement of the Security Interests and application of the proceeds thereof in full in 
accordance with the order of distributions set out above, the Collateral Provider will have an unsecured 
claim against the Issuer of such Series of Securities for an amount equal to the aggregate amount of 
Collateral provided by the Collateral Provider which has been used to satisfy claims of any of the Holders 
and/or the Security Trustee or any receiver through the enforcement of the Security Interests. 
2 
Multiple Series Collateral Pool arrangements 
Collateral Pool Security Interest 
In respect of each Series of Securities where the Type of Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as being Multiple Series Collateral Pool, such Series of Securities will be secured by Collateral 
which secures multiple Series of Securities. In relation to the particular collateral pool specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms (the "Collateral Pool"), the Collateral Provider will grant security over Collateral 
relating to such Collateral Pool in favour of the Security Trustee for the benefit of the Linked Holders in 
respect of the Linked Series of Securities relating to such Collateral Pool, the Security Trustee and any 
appointee thereof. In particular, the Collateral Provider will grant as continuing security in favour of the 
Security Trustee for itself (and any appointee thereof) and the Linked Holders in respect of such Security 
Interests over such Collateral and the accounts of the Collateral Provider with the Collateral Custodian 
(Lux) and the Collateral Custodian (UK) in which such Collateral is held. The Security Interests in 
respect of each Collateral Pool will be granted to the Security Trustee as continuing security for the 
payment by the Issuer of all sums due to: (i) the Security Trustee (and any appointee thereof) in respect 
of the Linked Series of Securities in so far as they relate to such Collateral Pool and (ii) the Linked 
Holders in respect of the Linked Series of Securities relating to such Collateral Pool. 
Type of Collateralisation - Margined Collateral 
Where the Type of Collateral Pool is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being Multiple Series 
Collateral Pool and the Type of Collateralisation specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Series is 
Margined Collateral, the Collateral in respect of such Series will be comprised of two elements, the 
"Required Fixed Value Collateral" and the "Required MTM Value Collateral", each as further 
described below. The terms and operation of the security arrangements with respect to each of the 
Required Fixed Value Collateral and the Required MTM Value Collateral will be independent from one 
another. 
Required Fixed Value Collateral 
In respect of Required Fixed Value Collateral, such Collateral for any Collateral Pool will be selected by 
the Collateral Provider from the list of Eligible Collateral as set out below and will initially have a value 
equal to the aggregate of the Fixed Amounts per Security (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) in 
respect of the Securities of the Linked Series of Securities relating to such Collateral Pool. A portion of 
the Collateral for any Collateral Pool may be held in one or more accounts with the Collateral Custodian 
(Lux) (if Non-Triparty Margined Account is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms with 
respect to the Required Fixed Value Collateral) and the Security Interest over such Collateral will be a

--- Page 657 ---
Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities 
 
651 
 
Luxembourg Law Pledge and a portion of the Collateral for such Collateral Pool may be held in one or 
more accounts with the Collateral Custodian (UK) (if Triparty Margined Account is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms with respect to the Required Fixed Value Collateral) and the 
Security Interest over such Collateral will be an English Law Charge (the "Required Fixed Value 
Collateral Accounts"). The Collateral Provider will have the right to specify what portion of the 
Collateral will be held in one or more Required Fixed Value Collateral Accounts with the Collateral 
Custodian (Lux) and the Collateral Custodian (UK) from time to time (if Non-Triparty Margined 
Account and Triparty Margined Account are both specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms 
with respect to the Required Fixed Value Collateral). The Collateral Provider will be required where 
necessary to transfer additional Eligible Collateral to the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral 
Custodian (UK) to be held in the applicable Required Fixed Value Collateral Accounts with the Collateral 
Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK) to ensure that on each Business Day, the aggregate 
market value of Eligible Collateral held in the Required Fixed Value Collateral Accounts is at least equal 
to the aggregate of the Fixed Amounts per Security (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) in respect 
of the then outstanding Securities of the Linked Series of Securities (the "Required Fixed Value"). The 
Collateral Provider will be permitted to remove or substitute Eligible Collateral credited to the Required 
Fixed Value Collateral Accounts, provided that any such removal or substitution does not result in the 
aggregate market value of Eligible Collateral held in the Required Fixed Value Collateral Accounts being 
less than the Required Fixed Value.  
Required MTM Value Collateral 
In respect of Required MTM Value Collateral, such Collateral for any Collateral Pool will be selected 
by the Collateral Provider from the list of Eligible Collateral as set out below and will initially have a 
value equal to the excess of the aggregate market value of the Linked Series of Securities (or the 
percentage of the aggregate market value of the Linked Series of Securities specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) over the Required Fixed Value, subject to a minimum of zero (such excess, the "Required MTM 
Value"). A portion of the Collateral for any Collateral Pool may be held in one or more accounts with 
the Collateral Custodian (Lux) (if Non-Triparty Margined Account is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms with respect to the Required MTM Value Collateral) and the Security Interest over 
such Collateral will be a Luxembourg Law Pledge and a portion of the Collateral for such Collateral Pool 
may be held in one or more accounts with the Collateral Custodian (UK) (if Triparty Margined Account 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms with respect to the Required MTM Value Collateral) 
and the Security Interest over such Collateral will be an English Law Charge (the "Required MTM 
Value Collateral Accounts"). The Collateral Provider will have the right to specify what portion of the 
Collateral will be held in one or more Required MTM Value Collateral Accounts with the Collateral 
Custodian (Lux) and the Collateral Custodian (UK) from time to time (if Non-Triparty Margined 
Account and Triparty Margined Account are both specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms 
with respect to the Required MTM Value Collateral). The Collateral Provider will be required where 
necessary to transfer additional Eligible Collateral to the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral 
Custodian (UK) to be held in the applicable Required MTM Value Collateral Accounts with the 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) and/or the Collateral Custodian (UK) to ensure that on each Business Day, 
the aggregate market value of Eligible Collateral held in the Required MTM Value Collateral Accounts 
is at least equal to the Required MTM Value. The Collateral Provider will be permitted to remove or 
substitute Eligible Collateral credited to the Required MTM Value Collateral Accounts, provided that 
any such removal or substitution does not result in the aggregate market value of Eligible Collateral held 
in the Required MTM Value Collateral Accounts being less than the Required MTM Value. 
Enforcement of the Collateral Pool Security Interest  
The Security Interests in respect of the relevant Collateral Pool will become enforceable if the Linked 
Series of Securities relating to such Collateral Pool have become due for redemption in full and payment 
of any Early Payment Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount, final 
Instalment Amount, Residual Cash Amount, Redemption Amount, Settlement Amount (in each case, as 
defined in the Conditions) or any other amount payable by the Issuer on a Security by way of a 
redemption in full of that Security has not been made within 30 days (and, if the relevant Series of 
Securities became due and payable at different times, such 30-day period will commence on the latest 
date on which any such Series of Securities became due and payable) (a "Collateral Pool Enforcement 
Event"). The Security Trustee (subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction) or any appointed receiver (in respect of an English Law Charge only), will be required to 
enforce such Security Interests following the occurrence of such Collateral Pool Enforcement Event only

--- Page 658 ---
Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities 
 
652 
 
upon receipt of a written enforcement direction through a Linked Holders' Resolution in respect of such 
Collateral Pool.  
Application of proceeds and payments 
Upon the occurrence of a Collateral Pool Enforcement Event in respect of the relevant Collateral Pool, 
the Security Trustee will apply all moneys received by it in respect of such Collateral Pool in accordance 
with the following order of priorities: (i) first, to the Security Trustee in payment or satisfaction of the 
fees and remuneration due to the Security Trustee and the costs, charges, losses, demands, claims, 
expenses and liabilities incurred by the Security Trustee or any of its appointees in executing and 
performing its duties under the relevant security deed in respect of such Collateral Pool and (ii) secondly, 
pari passu and rateably amongst themselves and based on the claims outstanding of the Linked Holders, 
subject to, in respect of the Security Interests with respect to the Required Fixed Value Collateral only, 
a maximum per Security of the lower of (a) the Fixed Amount per Security (as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms) and (b) the amounts that have become due and payable by the Issuer to the Linked Holder 
of that Security under the terms of conditions of that Security, but which are unpaid, and which shall 
include any principal, interest, nominal amount, redemption amount, settlement amount and any other 
amount no matter how expressed and (iii) thirdly, to the Collateral Provider in payment of any surplus. 
Collateral Provider's unsecured claim against Issuer for reimbursement 
Following enforcement of the Security Interests and application of the proceeds thereof in full, the 
Collateral Provider will have an unsecured claim against the Issuer of such Linked Series of Securities 
for an amount equal to the aggregate amount of Collateral provided by the Collateral Provider which has 
been used to satisfy claims of any of the Linked Holders and/or the Security Trustee or any receiver 
through the enforcement of the Security Interests. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Linked Holders" means, in relation to any Collateral Pool, the Holders of the Linked Series of 
Securities in respect of such Collateral Pool; 
"Linked Holders' Resolution" means, in relation to the Linked Series of Securities for a particular 
Collateral Pool, a resolution passed at one or more duly convened meetings of Linked Holders held in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority representing at least 75 per cent. in aggregate 
principal amount (in the case of Notes) or number outstanding held (in the case of Warrants or 
Certificates) of the Linked Series of Securities (other than any Series of Securities in respect of which all 
claims of Secured Parties arising in respect of such Series of Securities have been satisfied in full), as 
determined by the Security Trustee (based on written notification(s) provided to the Security Trustee by 
or on behalf of the Principal Programme Agent of the votes given at such duly convened meeting(s) or 
approved by way of written resolution in respect of such Series of Securities) and notified in writing to 
the Security Trustee (and, for such purposes, if the Linked Series of Securities are denominated in more 
than one currency, then in order to ascertain whether the percentage threshold for such resolution has 
been met, the Security Trustee will apply the WM/Refinitiv closing spot rates (published on the WMCO 
ticker under Bloomberg) on the Business Day (as defined in the Security Deed) immediately prior to the 
date of such resolution for the relevant currency versus USD (as determined, and notified to the Security 
Trustee, by the Principal Programme Agent in accordance with, and subject to, clause 12.1 of the Agency 
Agreement) (or if such rate is not available on the relevant Business Day, the rate most recently published 
prior to such Business Day) to the principal amount (in the case of Notes) or number outstanding held 
(in the case of Warrants or Certificates) of the Series of Securities). A resolution in writing signed or 
electronically approved using the systems and procedures in place from time to time of a Relevant 
Clearing System by or on behalf of 75 per cent. or more of Linked Holders, by reference to their aggregate 
principal amount (in the case of Notes) or the number of Securities outstanding (in the case of Warrants 
and Certificates) of the Linked Series of Securities (other than any Series of Securities in respect of which 
all claims of Secured Parties arising in respect of such Series of Securities have been satisfied in full), as 
determined by the Security Trustee (based on written notification(s) provided to the Security Trustee by 
the Principal Programme Agent of the votes given at such duly convened meeting(s) or approved by way 
of written resolution in respect of such Series of Securities) and notified in writing to the Security Trustee 
(and, for such purposes, if the Linked Series of Securities are denominated in more than one currency, 
then in order to ascertain whether the percentage threshold for such resolution has been met, the Security 
Trustee will apply the WM/Refinitiv closing spot rates (published on the WMCO ticker under

--- Page 659 ---
Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities 
 
653 
 
Bloomberg) on the Business Day immediately prior to the date of such resolution for the relevant 
currency versus USD (as determined, and notified to the Security Trustee, by the Principal Programme 
Agent in accordance with, and subject to, clause 12.1 of the Agency Agreement) (or if such rate is not 
available on the relevant Business Day, the rate most recently published prior to such Business Day) to 
the principal amount (in the case of Notes) or number outstanding held (in the case of Warrants or 
Certificates) of the Series of Securities), who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a 
meeting(s) shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at such 
meeting(s) of the Linked Holders. Such resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in 
several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the relevant Linked Holders 
or may be in the form of SWIFT or other electronic instructions as permitted by the rules and procedures 
of the Relevant Clearing System, and in each case the date of such resolution shall be the date that such 
75 per cent. majority is reached. For such purposes, the Security Trustee shall accept and rely on (without 
liability to any person) any information or notice provided to it by the Principal Programme Agent 
without further investigation or verification. Notwithstanding the above, if, in respect of a Series of 
Securities, resolutions of Holders are made in a different manner than for English law governed Securities 
(including where such resolutions are made in accordance with any applicable national laws), a resolution 
passed in accordance with the prescribed manner and that binds all Holders of such Series of Securities 
shall for purposes of the above be treated as a resolution passed at one or more duly convened meetings 
of Linked Holders;  
"Linked Series of Securities" means, in relation to any Collateral Pool, any Securities issued or to be 
issued by the same Issuer where the relevant Issue Terms thereof specify such Collateral Pool;  
"Secured Parties" means the Security Trustee, any appointee thereof and, 
• 
if the Type of Collateral Pool is specified as "Single Series Collateral Pool" in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Holders of the Series of Securities; or  
• 
if the Type of Collateral Pool is specified as "Multiple Series Collateral Pool" in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Linked Holders in respect of the Linked Series of Securities. 
For the purposes hereof, "Eligible Collateral" means, subject to any amendment in the relevant Issue 
Terms or other applicable documentation: 
1. 
in the context of Collateral held by or to be held by the Collateral Custodian (Lux), any of the 
following: 
(a) 
Equities; 
(b) 
Warrants – Equity; 
(c) 
Rights – Equity; 
(d) 
Preferred Shares; 
(e) 
Convertible Preferred Shares; 
(f) 
Depositary Receipts (including American Depositary Receipts and Global Depositary 
Receipts); 
(g) 
Corporate Bonds; 
(h) 
Government Bonds; 
(i) 
Mortgage-Backed Securities; 
(j) 
Asset-Backed Securities; 
(k) 
Municipal Bonds; 
(l) 
Convertible Bonds; 
(m) 
Commercial Papers;

--- Page 660 ---
Overview of the collateral arrangements in respect of each Series of Securities 
 
654 
 
(n) 
Certificates of Deposit; 
(o) 
Open-ended Mutual Funds; 
(p) 
Unit Investment Trusts; 
(q) 
Cash (USD, EUR, JPY, CHF and GBP); 
(r) 
JGBs will be eligible as Eligible Collateral only if tax documentation acceptable to the 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) has been received from the Collateral Provider; 
(s) 
Italian bonds (including supranational bonds issued in Italy – IT ISIN) will be accepted 
as Eligible Collateral upon receipt of adequate tax documents from the Collateral 
Provider and if held on the Italian domestic market; 
(t) 
Portuguese fixed income securities (including supranational bonds issued in Portugal – 
PT ISIN) will only be accepted as Eligible Collateral (i) if tax documentation acceptable 
to the Collateral Custodian (Lux) has been received from the Collateral Provider and (ii) 
if held in Euroclear; 
(u) 
Portuguese equities securities will only be accepted as Eligible Collateral (i) if tax 
documentation acceptable to the Collateral Custodian (Lux) has been received from the 
Collateral Provider and (ii) if held on the Portuguese domestic market; 
(v) 
Eligible Collateral shall not include securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co., any of 
its subsidiaries or by an entity in its corporate group; or 
2. 
in the context of Collateral held by or to be held by the Collateral Custodian (UK), the above, 
but excluding (a) securities issued by a UK issuer; and (b) securities which are held with a UK 
central securities depository; and provided that references to the Collateral Custodian (Lux) 
shall be construed as references to the Collateral Custodian (UK) such that JGBs, Portuguese 
fixed income securities (including supranational bonds issued in Portugal – PT ISIN) and 
Portuguese equities securities will only be accepted as Eligible Collateral if, in addition to any 
other conditions specified, tax documentation acceptable to the Collateral Custodian (UK) has 
been received from the Collateral Provider. In addition, Eligible Collateral shall include any 
money and currency of any jurisdiction which the Collateral Custodian (UK) accepts for deposit 
in the relevant account(s) held with the Collateral Custodian (UK) (if Triparty Margined 
Account is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms with respect to Required Fixed 
Value Collateral or Required MTM Value Collateral) transferred or to be transferred into such 
relevant account(s) by way of a permitted substitution.

--- Page 661 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
655 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche is set out below:  
FINAL TERMS  
[Include if applicable: PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA") . For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPS 
Regulation. Notwithstanding the above, if the Dealer subsequently prepares and publishes a key 
information document under the EU PRIIPs Regulation in respect of the Securities, then the prohibition 
on the offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the EEA as 
described above shall no longer apply.] 
[Include if applicable: PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the "UK 
Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPS Regulation. Notwithstanding the above, if the Dealer subsequently prepares and publishes a key 
information document under the UK PRIIPs Regulation in respect of the Securities, then the prohibition 
on the offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the United 
Kingdom as described above shall no longer apply.] 
[Include for all Securities which may include any ESG considerations: There is currently no universally 
accepted, global framework or definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to 
what constitutes a "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" (Environmental, Social or 
Governance) or an equivalently-labelled product or project, or as to what precise attributes are required 
for a particular investment, product, project or asset to be defined as "green", "sustainable", "climate-
friendly", "social", "ESG" or such other equivalent label; nor can any assurance be given that such a 
globally accepted definition or consensus will develop over time.  
[Include for all Securities which may include any ESG considerations, other than Sustainable Securities: 
The Securities are not intended to and no assurance is or can be given to investors that they satisfy, in 
whole or in part, any present or future "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or 
equivalently-labelled certification, criteria, standard, guideline, taxonomy, label, voluntary guideline 
and/or other independent expectation with which an investor or its investments may be expected to 
comply or otherwise seeks to have. For example and without limitation, the Securities are not Green 
Bonds and/or Social Bonds as defined under the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green 
Bond Principles and/or Social Bond Principles; the Securities are not intended to qualify for the EU 
Green Bond Standard label; do not take into account any of the EU criteria for environmentally

--- Page 662 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
656 
 
sustainable investments, including as set out under the EU Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2020/852) (or any equivalent regime); nor do they qualify as "sustainable investments" as defined under 
the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulations (Regulation (EU) 2019/2088) (or any equivalent 
regime).] 
[Include for Sustainable Securities that are not linked to Reference Asset(s): Save as specified in "Use of 
Proceeds" below, the Securities and the Eligible Projects are not intended to and no assurance is or can 
be given to investors that they satisfy, in whole or in part, any present or future "green", "sustainable", 
"climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled certification, criteria, standard, guideline, 
taxonomy, label, voluntary guideline and/or other independent expectation with which an investor or its 
investments may be expected to comply or otherwise seeks to have. For example and without limitation, 
the Securities are not intended to qualify for the EU Green Bond Standard label; do not take into account 
any of the EU criteria for environmentally sustainable investments, including as set out under the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2020/852) (or any equivalent regime); nor do they qualify as 
"sustainable investments" as defined under the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulations (Regulation 
(EU) 2019/2088) (or any equivalent regime). The value of and market for the Sustainable Securities may 
be negatively affected if any concerns should arise among investors or the market in general about the 
suitability of the Sustainable Securities as "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or 
equivalently-labelled bonds or if, more broadly, investor demand for "green", "sustainable", "climate-
friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled bonds diminishes due to evolving investor 
preferences, increased regulatory or market scrutiny of investments linked to environmental, social or 
sustainability objectives, or for other reasons.] 
[Include for Sustainable Securities that are linked to Reference Asset(s): Save as specified in "Use of 
Proceeds" below, the Securities or the Eligible Projects are not intended to and no assurance is or can be 
given to investors that they satisfy, in whole or in part, any present or future "green", "sustainable", 
"climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled certification, criteria, standard, guideline, 
taxonomy, label, voluntary guideline and/or other independent expectation with which an investor or its 
investments may be expected to comply or otherwise seeks to have. For example and without limitation, 
the Securities are not intended to qualify for the EU Green Bond Standard label; do not take into account 
any of the EU criteria for environmentally sustainable investments, including as set out under the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2020/852) (or any equivalent regime); nor do they qualify as 
"sustainable investments" as defined under the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulations (Regulation 
(EU) 2019/2088) (or any equivalent regime). [Include only where the Reference Asset(s) may not include 
any ESG considerations: In particular, while the net proceeds from the issuance of the Securities may be 
allocated to fund Eligible Projects, amounts payable and/or deliverable with respect to the Securities may 
be linked to the performance of one or more Reference Assets which do not align with and/or take into 
consideration any "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled 
certification, criteria, standard, guideline, taxonomy, label, voluntary guideline and/or other independent 
expectation.] The value of and market for the Sustainable Securities may be negatively affected if any 
concerns should arise among investors or the market in general about the suitability of the Sustainable 
Securities as "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled bonds 
or if, more broadly, investor demand for "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or 
equivalently-labelled bonds diminishes due to evolving investor preferences, increased regulatory or 
market scrutiny of investments linked to environmental, social or sustainability objectives, or for other 
reasons.]] 
Final Terms dated [⚫] 
[J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V./JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.] 
  
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [XZYUUT6IYN31D9K77X08]1 / [7H6GLXDRUGQFU57RNE97]2 
Secured Structured Securities Programme for the issuance of Notes, Warrants and Certificates 
 
1  
Include if J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. issuance. 
2  
Include if JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. issuance.

--- Page 663 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
657 
 
[Guaranteed by 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.] 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche (or, if booked in Units, the total number of Units)]3 
[Number of Warrants/Certificates (or, insert Aggregate Notional Amount, if booked in Notional)]4 
[Title of Securities] due [⚫] (the "Securities") 
[Include in case "Swiss Non-Exempt Public Offer" is specified as "Yes": The Securities do not 
constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Federal 
Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA") and are not subject to authorisation or 
supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA. Accordingly, investors 
do not have the benefit of the specific investor protection provided under the CISA and are exposed 
to the credit risk of the Issuer and Guarantor (if applicable).] 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the General Conditions[, the Payout Conditions] 
[and][,] the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions [and the Bond Linked Provisions] (as may be 
amended and/or supplemented up to, and including, [insert Issue Date]) set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated 18 July 2024 (the "Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] dated [insert the date(s) for 
supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] to the Base Prospectus] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"), and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus. [A Summary of the Securities is annexed to these Final Terms.]5 Full information 
on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [(as supplemented)]. The Base Prospectus 
and any supplements to the Base Prospectus are available from [The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch, at Vertigo Building, Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, Luxembourg]6 
[BNP Paribas S.A., Germany Branch, Senckenberganlage 19, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, Germany]7 [and 
in electronic form on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com)]8 [and in electronic 
form on Euronext Dublin's website (www.euronext.com/en/euronext-dublin)]9. [These Final Terms 
together with any notice to the Final Terms may be viewed on the website of the [Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
(www.borsaitaliana.com) (upon admission to trading).]10  
[For Tranches of Securities to be issued under the Base Prospectus which are to be fungible with one or 
more tranches of Securities issued under the 2019 Base Prospectus, 2020 Base Prospectus, the 2021 
Base Prospectus, the 2022 Base Prospectus or the 2023 Base Prospectus (as applicable), the form of 
Final Terms will be the 2019 Form of Final Terms, 2020 Form of Final Terms, the 2021 Form of Final 
Terms, the 2022 Form of Final Terms or the 2023 Form of Final Terms (as applicable) (which is 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus), save as provided in paragraph 12 (Fungible 
issuances) of the section entitled "Important Legal Information" of the Base Prospectus] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
either (i) remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
 
3  
Include if issuance of Notes. 
4  
Include if issuance of Warrants or Certificates. 
5  
Delete if the Securities have a denomination of at least EUR 100,000, unless otherwise required pursuant to Article 7 and 8 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
6  
Include if issuance of Registered Securities. 
7  
Include if issuance of German Securities. 
8  
Include if admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
9 
Include if admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin  
10  
Include if issuance of Italian Certificates.

--- Page 664 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
658 
 
paragraphs, or (ii) be revised based on the deletion of all individual paragraphs that are "Not 
Applicable". Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
[(i) 
Series Number: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫]] 
 
[(If fungible with an existing Series, include 
the date on which the Securities become 
fungible) 
[⚫]] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies11: 
[⚫] [EUR, as defined in General Condition 
37.1 (Definitions)] 
3. 
Notes, Warrants or Certificates: 
[Notes/Warrants/Certificates] 
4. 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount] [Aggregate 
Notional Amount] [Number of [Notes/ 
Warrants/Certificates]]: 
[Up to] [⚫] 
 
[(i) 
Series: 
[Up to] [⚫] [being the equivalent of] [up to] 
[⚫] Units (insert only if Trading in Units is 
specified as applicable below)] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[Up to] [⚫]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[[ ⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount] [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (in the case of fungible issues of Notes 
only, if applicable)] [[amount in specified 
currency] per Unit (for Notes booked in 
Units)]/[⚫] per [Warrant/Certificate] (specify 
percentage of the Aggregate Notional 
Amount if booked in notional) 
[Insert only if applicable for Exempt 
Securities where a Pricing Supplement is 
prepared: The Issue Price specified above 
may be more than the market value of the 
Securities as at the Issue Date, and the price, 
if any, at which the Dealer or any other 
person is willing to purchase the Securities in 
secondary market transactions is likely to be 
lower than the Issue Price. In particular, 
where permitted by applicable law and 
subject to any additional ex ante cost 
disclosure required by such, the Issue Price 
may take into account amounts with respect 
to commissions relating to the issue and sale 
of the Securities as well as amounts relating 
to the hedging of the Issuer's obligations 
under the Securities and secondary market 
prices may exclude such amounts. 
If any commissions or fees relating to the 
issue and sale of the Securities have been 
paid or are payable by the Dealer to an 
intermediary, then such intermediary may be 
 
11  
For domestic issues whose settlement is made from an account located in France, payments with respect to the French Securities shall 
be made in euros (pursuant to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil).

--- Page 665 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
659 
 
obliged to fully disclose to its clients the 
existence, nature and amount of any such 
commissions 
or 
fees 
(including, 
if 
applicable, by way of discount) as required 
in accordance with laws and regulations 
applicable to such intermediary, including 
any legislation, regulation and/or rule 
implementing the Markets in Financial 
Instruments 
Directive 
(Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended), or as otherwise 
may apply in any non-EEA jurisdictions 
Investors in the Securities intending to invest 
in Securities through an intermediary 
(including by way of introducing broker) 
should 
request 
details 
of 
any 
such 
commission or fee payment from such 
intermediary before making any purchase 
hereof] 
 
(i) 
[Specified Denomination] / 
[Notional Amount per 
[Warrant/Certificate]] (if Warrants 
or Certificates are trading in 
notional): 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] (In respect of French 
Notes which are obligations there shall be 
one denomination only) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Trading in Units (Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Trading in Units may only be specified to be 
Applicable if the Notes have a single 
Specified Denomination) 
 
(iv) 
Trading in Notional (Certificates): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Trading in 
Notional (Certificates) shall be specified as 
Not Applicable in the case of Italian 
Certificates) 
 
[(v) 
Minimum trading size: 
[Rule 144A Notes will have a minimum 
trading size equivalent to U.S. $100,000.] 
The Securities may only be traded in a 
minimum initial amount of [⚫] Securit[y/ies] 
[(corresponding 
to 
[an/a] 
[aggregate] 
[nominal/notional] amount of [ ⚫])] and, 
thereafter, in multiples of [⚫] Securit[y/ies] 
[(corresponding to a [nominal/notional] 
amount of [⚫])]] 
6. 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
 
[Trade Date: 
[⚫]] 
7. 
Maturity Date/Settlement Date/Settlement 
Date and Redemption Date:12 
[[⚫] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]] / As 
specified in the Credit Linked Provisions / 
[In respect of each Security: 
 
12  
In the case of Securities which are (i) Notes, specify "Maturity Date", (ii) Certificates, specify "Settlement Date and Redemption Date", 
and (iii) Warrants, specify "Settlement Date".

--- Page 666 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
660 
 
(i) 
exercised by the Holder pursuant to 
General Condition 11.1 and 11.3, 
shall be the earlier of (a) the 
[tenth]/[⚫] Business Day following 
the Exercise Date for such Security 
and (b) [insert date]; or 
(ii) 
deemed 
to 
be 
automatically 
exercised on the Expiration Date pursuant to 
General Condition 11.1, [insert date]] 
COLLATERAL ARRANGEMENTS 
8. 
Collateral: 
 
 
(i) 
Type of Collateral Pool: 
[Single Series Collateral Pool]/[Multiple 
Series Collateral Pool] 
 
(ii) 
Type of Collateralisation: 
[Static Collateral]/[Margined 
Collateral]/[Static and Margined 
Collateral]13/[Other]14 
 
(iii) 
Static Collateral15:  
[●]16/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Collateral Pool: 
[●]17 
 
- 
[Initial Static Margin 
Notional Amount18: 
[●]] 
 
- 
Account to which Non-
Triparty Static Distributions 
are to be paid to: 
Account name: [●] 
Account number: [●]19 
 
- 
Non-Triparty Static 
Accounts: 
Applicable 
 
 
 
- 
Non-Triparty Static 
Securities Account: 
Account name: [●] 
Account number: [●] 
 
 
 
- 
Non-Triparty Static 
Cash Account: 
Account name: [●] 
Account number: [●] 
 
13 
Specify "Margined Collateral" where the Type of Collateral Pool is Multiple Series Collateral Pool. 
14 
In the case of Exempt Securities where a Pricing Supplement is prepared, specify "Other" if a different Type of Collateralisation will be 
 
agreed amongst the relevant parties. 
15  
If the Type of Collateralisation is "Static Collateral" or "Static and Margined Collateral", specify the asset(s) to be held in the Non-
Triparty Static Accounts.  
16 
Specify a description of the asset(s), including the relevant amount(s). Such assets must be Eligible Collateral, as defined in Schedule 3 
of the Master Custody Terms (as amended).  
17 
Specify Collateral Pool identification details.  
18 
Specify amount where the Type of Collateralisation is "Static and Margined Collateral". Delete if the Type of Collateralisation is "Static 
Collateral" or "Margined Collateral". 
19 
If the Type of Collateralisation is "Static Collateral" or "Static and Margined Collateral", specify the account to which Non-Triparty 
Static Distributions are to be paid.

--- Page 667 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
661 
 
 
- 
Eligible Collateral (Non-
Triparty Static Accounts): 
 
 
- 
Eligible Collateral: 
[As set out in Schedule 3 of the Master 
Custody Terms]/[As set out in Schedule 3 of 
the Master Custody Terms, provided that (i) 
no securities will be Eligible Collateral if 
issued by a UK issuer; (ii) no securities will 
be Eligible Collateral if held with a UK 
central securities depository; and (iii) 
physical certificates will not constitute 
Eligible Collateral]/[●]20 
 
(iv) 
Required Fixed Value Collateral: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]21 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Collateral Pool: 
[●]22 
 
- 
Triparty Margined 
Accounts: 
[Applicable  
Account name(s): [●]  
Account 
number(s): 
[●]]
23
/[Not 
Applicable]24 
 
- 
Triparty Margined Account 
Percentage: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]25 
 
- 
Non-Triparty Margined 
Accounts: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]26 
 
 
 
- 
[Non-Triparty 
Margined Securities 
Account: 
Account name: [●]  
Account number: [●]] 
 
 
 
- 
[Non-Triparty 
Margined Cash 
Account: 
Account name: [●]  
Account number: [●]] 
 
- 
Non-Triparty Margined 
Account Percentage: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]27 
 
20 
Specify if the list of Eligible Collateral in respect of the Static Collateral is to be amended. The default position is that the list of Eligible 
Collateral is to be amended to exclude securities issued by a UK issuer, securities held with a UK central securities depository or physical 
certificates as provided for above. 
21 
If the Type of Collateralisation is "Margined Collateral" or "Static and Margined Collateral", specify Applicable.  
22 
Specify Collateral Pool identification details.  
23 
Specify account name(s) and account number(s) for each cash and securities account(s).  
24 
If "Not Applicable" is specified for the Non-Triparty Margined Accounts in respect of Required Fixed Value Collateral, specify 
Applicable.  
25 
If "Not Applicable" is specified for either the Non-Triparty Margined Accounts or the Triparty Margined Accounts in respect of Required 
Fixed Value Collateral, specify Not Applicable. 
26 
If "Not Applicable" is specified for the Triparty Margined Accounts in respect of Required Fixed Value Collateral, specify Applicable. 
If Not Applicable, delete the two subsequent sub-elections.  
27 
If "Not Applicable" is specified for either the Non-Triparty Margined Accounts or the Triparty Margined Accounts in respect of Required 
Fixed Value Collateral, specify Not Applicable.

--- Page 668 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
662 
 
 
- 
[Eligible Collateral (Non-
Triparty Margined 
Accounts)28: 
 
 
 
 
- 
Eligible Collateral: 
[As set out in Schedule 3 of the Master 
Custody Terms]/[As set out in Schedule 3 of 
the Master Custody Terms, provided that (i) 
no securities will be Eligible Collateral if 
issued by a UK issuer; (ii) no securities will 
be Eligible Collateral if held with a UK 
central securities depository; and (iii) 
physical certificates will not constitute 
Eligible Collateral]/[●]29 
 
 
 
- 
Margin Percentage: 
[As set out in Schedule 3 of the Master 
Custody Terms]/[●]30] 
 
- 
[Eligible Collateral (Triparty 
Margined Accounts)31: 
 
 
 
 
- 
Eligible Collateral: 
[As set out in Schedule 5 of the Master 
Triparty Account Control Terms]/[As set 
out in Schedule 5 of the Master Triparty 
Account Control Terms, provided that 
physical certificates will not constitute 
Eligible Collateral]/[●]32 
 
 
 
- 
Margin Percentage: 
[As set out in Schedule 5 of the Master 
Triparty Account Control Terms]/[●]33] 
 
 
 
- 
[Substitution of 
Triparty Margined 
Posted Collateral: 
Applicable]34  
 
 
 
- 
[Allocation over 
Record Date: 
Applicable]35 
 
- 
Fixed Amount per Security: 
[●]  
 
(v) 
Required MTM Value Collateral: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]36 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
28 
Include this line item and the two subsequent sub-elections if the Non-Triparty Margined Accounts in respect of Required Fixed Value 
Collateral is specified as Applicable. 
29 
Specify if the list of Eligible Collateral in respect of the Required Fixed Value Collateral is to be amended. The default position is that 
the list of Eligible Collateral is to be amended to exclude securities issued by a UK issuer, securities held with a UK central securities 
depository or physical certificates as provided for above. 
30 
Specify if the margin percentages of Eligible Collateral in respect of the Required Fixed Value Collateral are to be amended.  
31 
Include this line item and the two subsequent sub-elections if the Triparty Margined Accounts in respect of Required Fixed Value 
Collateral is specified as Applicable.  
32 
Specify if the list of Eligible Collateral in respect of the Required Fixed Value Collateral is to be amended. The default position is that 
the list of Eligible Collateral is to be amended to exclude physical certificates, as described above. 
33 
Specify if the margin percentages of Eligible Collateral in respect of the Required Fixed Value Collateral are to be amended.  
34  
Include this line item only to elect for such Triparty Margined Posted Collateral to be substituted prior to any Record Date. 
35  
Include this line item only to elect for such Triparty Margined Posted Collateral to remain allocated to the Triparty Margined Account(s) 
 
over the relevant Record Date. 
36 
If the Type of Collateralisation is "Margined Collateral" or "Static and Margined Collateral", specify Applicable.

--- Page 669 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
663 
 
 
- 
Collateral Pool: 
[●]37 
 
- 
Triparty Margined Accounts: 
[Applicable 
Account name(s): [●]  
Account number(s): 
[●]]38/[Not Applicable]39 
 
- 
Triparty Margined Account 
Percentage: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]40 
 
- 
Non-Triparty Margined 
Accounts: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]41 
 
 
 
- 
[Non-Triparty 
Margined Securities 
Account: 
Account name: [●]  
Account number: [●]] 
 
 
 
- 
[Non-Triparty 
Margined Cash 
Account: 
Account name: [●]  
Account number: [●]] 
 
- 
Non-Triparty Margined 
Account Percentage: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]42 
 
- 
[Eligible Collateral (Non-
Triparty Margined 
Accounts)43: 
 
 
 
 
- 
Eligible Collateral: 
[As set out in Schedule 3 of the Master 
Custody Terms]/[As set out in Schedule 3 
of the Master Custody Terms, provided 
that (i) no securities will be Eligible 
Collateral if issued by a UK issuer; (ii) no 
securities will be Eligible Collateral if held 
with a UK central securities depository; 
and (iii) physical certificates will not 
constitute Eligible Collateral]/[●]44 
 
37 
Specify Collateral Pool identification details.  
38 
Specify account name(s) and account number(s) for each cash and securities account(s).  
39 
If "Not Applicable" is specified for the Non-Triparty Margined Accounts in respect of Required MTM Value Collateral, specify 
Applicable. 
40 
If "Not Applicable" is specified for either the Non-Triparty Margined Accounts or the Triparty Margined Accounts in respect of Required 
MTM Value Collateral, specify Not Applicable. 
41 
If "Not Applicable" is specified for the Triparty Margined Accounts in respect of Required MTM Value Collateral, specify Applicable. 
If Not Applicable, delete the two subsequent sub-elections. 
42 
If "Not Applicable" is specified for either the Non-Triparty Margined Accounts or the Triparty Margined Accounts in respect of Required 
MTM Value Collateral, specify Not Applicable. 
43 
Include this line item and the two subsequent sub-elections if the Non-Triparty Margined Accounts in respect of Required MTM Value 
Collateral is specified as Applicable.  
44 
Specify if the list of Eligible Collateral in respect of the Required MTM Value Collateral is to be amended. The default position is that 
the list of Eligible Collateral is to be amended to exclude securities issued by a UK issuer, securities held with a UK central securities 
depository or physical certificates as provided for above.

--- Page 670 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
664 
 
 
 
 
- 
Margin Percentage: 
[As set out in Schedule 3 of the Master 
Custody Terms]/[●]45] 
 
- 
[Eligible Collateral (Triparty 
Margined Accounts)46: 
 
 
 
 
- 
Eligible Collateral: 
[As set out in Schedule 5 of the Master 
Triparty Account Control Terms]/[As set 
out in Schedule 5 of the Master Triparty 
Account Control Terms, provided that 
physical certificates will not constitute 
Eligible Collateral]/[●]47 
 
 
 
- 
Margin Percentage: 
[As set out in Schedule 5 of the Master 
Triparty Account Control Terms]/[●]48] 
 
 
 
- 
[Substitution of 
Triparty Margined 
Posted Collateral: 
Applicable]49  
 
 
 
- 
[Allocation over 
Record Date: 
Applicable]50  
 
- 
Securities Market Value 
Percentage: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] per cent.51  
9. 
(i) 
Collateral Provider: 
[J.P. Morgan Securities plc]/[J.P. Morgan 
SE]/[●] 
 
(ii) 
Collateral Custodian (Lux):  
[The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building 
Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 
Luxembourg]/[Not Applicable]52 
 
 
(iii) 
Collateral Custodian (UK):  
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch 
 
(iv) 
Security Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services 
Limited (and its successors from time to 
time) 
  
 
(v) 
Collateral Monitoring Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Dublin Branch 
 
45 
Specify if the margin percentages of Eligible Collateral in respect of the Required MTM Value Collateral are to be amended.  
46 
Include this line item and the two subsequent sub-elections if the Triparty Margined Accounts in respect of Required MTM Value 
Collateral is specified as Applicable.  
47 
Specify if the list of Eligible Collateral in respect of the Required MTM Value Collateral is to be amended. The default position is that 
the list of Eligible Collateral is to be amended to exclude physical certificates, as described above. 
48 
Specify if the margin percentages of Eligible Collateral in respect of the Required MTM Value Collateral are to be amended.  
49  
Include this line item only to elect for such Triparty Margined Posted Collateral to be substituted prior to any Record Date. 
50  
Include this line item only to elect for such Triparty Margined Posted Collateral to remain allocated to the Triparty Margined Account(s) 
 
over the relevant Record Date. 
51 
Specify the percentage if not the aggregate market value.  
52 
Specify as Not Applicable if (i) the Type of Collateralisation is "Margined Collateral" and (ii) the Non-Triparty Margined Accounts in 
respect of Required Fixed Value Collateral and the Non-Triparty Margined Accounts in respect of Required MTM Value Collateral are 
both specified as Not Applicable.

--- Page 671 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
665 
 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO NOTES 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
10. 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
11. 
Floating-to-Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[ ⚫] (Specify date)/Issue Date/Not 
Applicable] 
13. 
Fixed Rate Accrual Provisions (General 
Condition 4.1(a)): 
(Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Securities 
are Credit Linked Securities, the above heading 
should be replaced with the following:) 
[Fixed Rate Note Provisions (Credit Linked 
Provision [1.6]53/[2.2]54/[3.2]55)]: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[ ⚫] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]/ [In 
respect of each Interest Period, as set forth 
in the table below in the column entitled 
"Rate(s) of Interest" corresponding to such 
Interest Period (Use table below if more 
than one Rate of Interest is applicable)] 
 
Interest Period(s) 
Rate(s) of Interest 
 
From [and including] [but excluding] the 
Interest Period End Date [falling on] [scheduled 
to fall on] the date specified in the column 
entitled "From" below to [and including] [but 
excluding] the Interest Period End Date [falling 
on] [scheduled to fall on] the date specified in 
the column entitled "To" below [, subject as 
provided in Credit Linked Provision 1.6]56 / [As 
specified in Credit Linked Provision 4.3]57 
[ ⚫] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
From 
To 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[ ⚫] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
 
 
 
53 
Insert if the CLN Type of the Securities is "Single Name CLN". 
54 
Insert if the CLN Type of the Securities is "Credit Index Untranched CLN". 
55 
Insert if the CLN Type of the Securities is "Credit Index Tranched CLN". 
56 
Insert if the CLN Type of the Securities is "Single Name CLN". 
57 
Insert if the CLN Type of the Securities is "Credit Index Tranched CLN" or "Credit Index Untranched CLN".

--- Page 672 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
666 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s) applicable in 
respect of Fixed Rate Notes: 
[[ ⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [ ⚫] to, and including, [ ⚫]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/[and 
[each] such date shall not be subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
any 
Business Day Convention]] (repeat as 
required) 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
⚫], to, and including, [⚫]] / [Each date set 
forth in the table above] [- Adjusted / 
Unadjusted] (repeat as necessary) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
14. 
Fixed Coupon Amount Provisions (General 
Condition 4.1(b)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[ ⚫] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]/ In 
respect of each Interest Period, as set forth 
in the table below in the column entitled 
"Rate(s) of Interest" corresponding to such 
Interest Period] (Use table if more than one 
Rate of Interest) 
 
Interest Period(s) 
Rate(s) of Interest 
 
From [and including] [but excluding] the 
Interest Period End Date [falling on] [scheduled 
to fall on] the date specified in the column 
entitled "From" below to [and including] [but 
excluding] the Interest Period End Date [falling 
on] [scheduled to fall on] the date specified in 
the column entitled "To" below 
[ ⚫] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
From 
To 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[ ⚫] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s) in respect of 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
[[ ⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [ ⚫] to, and including, [ ⚫]]

--- Page 673 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
667 
 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/[and 
[each] such date shall not be subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
any 
Business Day Convention]] (repeat as 
required) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount / As set forth 
in the table below in the column entitled 
"Fixed Coupon Amount(s)" 
 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) 
 
[[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to, and including, [⚫]] [subject 
to adjustment in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/[and [each] such 
date shall not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with any Business Day 
Convention]]  
[⚫]per Calculation Amount  
 
[[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to, and including, [⚫]] [subject 
to adjustment in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/[and [each] such 
date shall not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with any Business Day 
Convention]] 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[⚫] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling on [⚫] [and] [⚫] (Insert particulars 
of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) and the Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which they relate)/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions (General 
Condition 4.2): 
(Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Securities 
are Credit Linked Securities, the above heading 
should be replaced with the following:) 
[Floating Rate Note Provisions (Credit 
Linked Provision [1.6]58/[2.2]59/[3.2]60)]: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
58 
Insert if the CLN Type of the Securities is "Single Name CLN". 
59 
Insert if the CLN Type of the Securities is "Credit Index Untranched CLN". 
60 
Insert if the CLN Type of the Securities is "Credit Index Tranched CLN".

--- Page 674 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
668 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
⚫] to, and including, [⚫]] / [Each date set 
forth in the table above] [- Adjusted / 
Unadjusted] (repeat as necessary) 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
[subject to adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
(ISDA 2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(b)) (but 
not the ISDA 2006 Definitions) provide an 
option to make the above applicable where 
either the Modified Following Business 
Day Convention or Preceding Business 
Day Convention applies to Interest Period 
End Dates. Therefore, only specify as 
applicable if (i) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention or Preceding 
Business Day Convention applies to 
Interest Period End Dates and (ii) the 
preference is to make the Business Day 
Convention subject to adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday) 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA 
Determination / SONIA Floating Rate 
Determination (Non-Index Determination) 
/ SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Index Determination) / SOFR Floating 
Rate Determination / TONA Floating Rate 
Determination / €STR Floating Rate 
Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination for Rate of 
Interest (General Condition 4.2(b)(ii): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Page: 
[●] 
 
- 
Benchmark: 
[Specify benchmark or other rate] 
 
- 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
- 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[
⚫
][TARGET2 
Settlement 
Days] 
[Business Days] in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in

--- Page 675 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
669 
 
each Interest Period/each Interest Payment 
Date]] 
 
- 
Reference Banks: 
[Specify five] 
 
- 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The 
financial 
centre 
most 
closely 
connected to the Reference Rate - specify if 
not London] 
 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be 
obtained with effect from commencement 
of Interest Period] 
 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination for Rate of 
Interest (General Condition 4.2(b)(i)):  
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions/2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are 
applicable, ensure this is a Floating Rate 
Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) 
 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date]/[⚫] 
 
- 
Termination Date: 
[Maturity 
Date/Settlement 
Date/Redemption 
Date/Optional 
Redemption Date/[⚫]] 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not 
relevant where the relevant Floating Rate 
Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[[ ⚫]/As specified in General Condition 
4.2(b)(i)] 
[subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Floating 
Rate/Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, 
insert same Business Day Convention as 
for Interest Period End Dates unless "No 
Adjustment" applies to such dates, in which 
case delete the reference to Business Day 
Convention so that relevant ISDA fallbacks 
relating to Business Day Conventions will 
apply) 
 
- 
[Period End Date/Termination 
Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(ISDA 2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(b)) (but 
not the ISDA 2006 Definitions) provide an 
option to make this applicable where either 
the Modified Following Business Day

--- Page 676 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
670 
 
Convention or Preceding Business Day 
Convention applies to Interest Period End 
Dates. 
Therefore, 
only 
specify 
as 
applicable if (i) the 2021 Definitions are 
applicable, (ii) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention or Preceding 
Business Day Convention applies to 
Interest Period End Dates and (iii) the 
preference is to make the Business Day 
Convention subject to adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday. Note that the ISDA 
2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(a)) provides 
that, where Modified Following Business 
Day Convention or Preceding Business 
Day Convention applies to Interest Period 
End Date, adjustment of the relevant 
Payment Date as a result of an 
Unscheduled Holiday is applicable by 
default (unless specified otherwise)) 
 
- 
Compounding/ Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method" or "Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method" is applicable. 
Otherwise, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS Compounding/Compounding with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation 
Period 
Shift/Compounding 
with 
Lockout/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[Lookback: 
[[ ⚫] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Lookback or Averaging with Lookback)] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: 
[[ ⚫] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days] /[As specified in the [2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify Not Applicable unless 
the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: [⚫]/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging 
with Observation Period Shift)]

--- Page 677 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
671 
 
 
[Lockout: 
[[⚫] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable 
only for Compounding with Lockout or 
Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [ ⚫]/ 
[Applicable Business Days]] (Specify 
Applicable Business Days unless the 
standard 
position 
under 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed)] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method. If Not Applicable, 
delete the Daily Capped Rate and Daily 
Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: [⚫]%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [⚫]%]] 
 
[[Day Count Basis: 
[ ⚫]] (If not included this will be the 
denominator of the Day Count Fraction)] 
 
- 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating 
Rate Option and an Index Method. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (may only be 
selected if the 2021 Definitions are 
specified)/Compounded 
Index 
Method/Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift]/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] Definitions] 
(Include the following only if using 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] (Not Applicable should be 
specified unless the standard position 
under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[⚫] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified 
in the [2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: [⚫]] 
 
[Day Count Basis: 
[ ⚫]] (If not included this will be the 
denominator of the Day Count Fraction)

--- Page 678 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
672 
 
 
(viii) 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Non-Index Determination) (General 
Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Compounded Daily SONIA 
(Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Compounded Daily SONIA 
(Lag): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Page: 
[⚫]/[SONIAOSR=] 
 
- 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
Fifth day on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London prior to the Interest 
Period End Date of each Interest Period]/[
⚫] 
 
- 
p: 
[Five London Banking Days]/[[⚫] London 
Banking Days] 
 
(ix) 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Index 
Determination) 
(General 
Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(B)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest 
Period End Date for the relevant Interest 
Period]/[⚫] 
 
- 
Relevant Number: 
[⚫] 
 
(x) 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
(General Condition 4.2(b)(iv)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR, 
except 
where 
Index 
Determination is applicable) 
 
- 
Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ⚫] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days 
(Specify for Compounded Daily SOFR, 
except where Index Determination is 
applicable. N.B. must be at least two such 
relevant days to allow clearing system 
payments) 
 
- 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – 
Non-Index Determination: Second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Period End 
Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – 
Index Determination: The day falling the

--- Page 679 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
673 
 
Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Period End Date and 
Relevant Number means [insert number 
being two or greater]] 
 
(xi) 
TONA Floating Rate Determination 
(General Condition 4.2(b)(v)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
p: 
[Ten]/[⚫] 
 
(xii) 
€STR Floating Rate Determination 
(General Condition 4.2(b)(vi)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Compounded Daily €STR (Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Compounded Daily €STR (Lag): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
- 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Fifth TARGET2 Settlement Day prior to 
the Interest Period End Date of each 
Interest Period]/[⚫] 
 
- 
p: 
[Five TARGET2 Settlement Days]/[[ ⚫] 
TARGET2 Settlement Days] 
 
(xiii) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][ ⚫] per cent. per annum/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
[Recommended Fallback Rate: 
[Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
Recommended 
Fallback 
Rate/Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR 
Recommended 
Fallback 
Rate/Compounded 
Daily 
€STR 
Recommended 
Fallback 
Rate/ISDA 
Fallback Rate/[⚫]]] 
 
(xvii) 
[Generic Permanent Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO WARRANTS (General Condition 11) 
16. 
European, American or Bermudan Style: 
[[European/American/Bermudan] Style / 
Not Applicable] 
17. 
Automatic Exercise: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
18. 
Expiration Date:  
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
19. 
Expiration Date subject to Valuation Date 
adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
20. 
Potential Exercise Date(s): 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] (For Bermudan Style 
Warrants only)

--- Page 680 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
674 
 
21. 
Potential Exercise Date subject to Valuation 
Date adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(For 
Bermudan Style Warrants only) 
22. 
Exercise Amount: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
23. 
Exercise Period: 
[All Scheduled Trading Days from, and 
including, the Issue Date to, and including, 
the Expiration Date (For American Style 
Warrants only)/The period from, and 
including, the Issue Date to, and including, 
the Expiration Date (For American Style 
Warrants only)/The Expiration Date (For 
European Style Warrants only)/Each 
Potential Exercise Date and the Expiration 
Date (For Bermudan Style Warrants 
only)/Not Applicable] 
24. 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
25. 
Maximum Exercise Number: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
26. 
Cash Settlement/Issuer Physical Settlement: 
[[Cash 
Settlement/Issuer 
Physical 
Settlement] is applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Issuer Physical Settlement is applicable, 
insert the following sub-paragraph) 
 
[Issuer Physical Settlement Amount:] 
[One/[⚫]] Share[s] 
27. 
Settlement Amount: 
[[ ⚫]/Security Redemption Amount/Not 
Applicable] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO CERTIFICATES 
28. 
Exercise applicable to Certificates (General 
Condition 10): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (In the case of 
Italian 
Certificates, 
insert 
"General 
Condition 10.2 Applicable") 
CERTIFICATE COUPON PROVISIONS 
29. 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Certificate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
30. 
Floating-to-Fixed Rate Certificate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
31. 
Fixed Rate Coupon Certificate Provisions 
and Fixed Rate Coupon Accrual Provisions 
(General Condition 8.1(a)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Commencement Date: 
[[⚫] (Specify date)/Issue Date] 
 
(ii) 
Notional Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [ ⚫] to, and including, [ ⚫]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/ [and 
[each] such date shall not be subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
any 
Business Day Convention]] / Each date set 
forth in the Coupon Payment Table in the

--- Page 681 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
675 
 
column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s)" / Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Specified Coupon Period: 
[ ⚫] [year[s]/month[s]/week[s]/calendar 
day[s]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Rate Coupon(s): 
[ ⚫] (Insert amount in the Specified 
Currency) In respect of each Coupon 
Period, as set forth in the table below in the 
column entitled "Fixed Rate Coupon(s)" 
corresponding to such Coupon Period] 
(Use table if more than one Fixed Rate 
Coupon) 
 
Coupon Period(s) 
Fixed Rate Coupon(s) 
 
From [and including] [but excluding] the 
Interest Period End Date [falling on] 
[scheduled to fall on] the date specified in the 
column entitled "From" below to [and 
including] [but excluding] the Interest Period 
End Date [falling on] [scheduled to fall on] the 
date specified in the column entitled "To" 
below 
[⚫] (Insert amount) 
 
From 
To 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] (Insert amount) 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Coupon Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Coupon Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
⚫] to, and including, [ ⚫]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/ [and [each] 
such date shall not be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention]] (repeat as necessary) 
[subject to adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
(ISDA 2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(b)) (but 
not the ISDA 2006 Definitions) provide an 
option to make the above applicable where 
either the Modified Following Business 
Day Convention or Preceding Business 
Day Convention applies to Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Dates. Therefore, only 
specify as applicable if (i) the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
applies to Floating Rate Coupon Period 
End Dates and (ii) the preference is to 
make the Business Day Convention subject 
to adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday) 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond 
Basis]

--- Page 682 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
676 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
32. 
Fixed Rate Coupon Certificate Provisions 
and Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount 
Provisions (General Condition 8.1(b)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notional Amount: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[[100]/[⚫]/Calculated from Coupon Value] 
(Insert amount in the Specified Currency 
or if calculated from the Coupon Value, 
insert the following sub-paragraph) 
 
[- 
Coupon Value: 
[⚫]] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [ ⚫] to, and including, [ ⚫]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/ [and 
[each] such date shall not be subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
any 
Business Day Convention]] /Each date set 
forth in the Coupon Payment Table in the 
column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s)"/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Specified Coupon Period: 
[ ⚫] [year[s]/month[s]/week[s]/calendar 
day[s]] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Coupon Payment Table] (Insert if appropriate) 
 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
[Certificate Fixed Coupon 
Amount]/[Coupon Value] 
 
[[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to, and including, [⚫]] [subject 
to adjustment in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/ [and [each] such 
date shall not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with any Business Day 
Convention]] (Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[⚫] (Insert amount, repeat as appropriate) 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
Coupon Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Coupon Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
⚫] to, and including, [ ⚫]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/ [and [each] 
such date shall not be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention]] (repeat as necessary) [Not 
Applicable] 
33. 
Certificate Floating Rate Coupon Provisions 
(General Condition 8.2): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 683 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
677 
 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notional Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Floating Rate Coupon Period(s): 
[As specified in paragraph (i) of the 
definition of "Floating Rate Coupon 
Period" 
in 
General 
Condition 
37.1 
(Definitions)] [Adjusted/Unadjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Floating Rate Coupon Period End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
⚫] to, and including, [ ⚫]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/ [and [each] 
such date shall not be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention]] (repeat as necessary) 
 
(iv) 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[ ⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [ ⚫] to, and including, [ ⚫]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/[and 
[each] such date shall not be subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
any 
Business Day Convention]] 
 
(v) 
Floating Rate Coupon Commencement 
Date: 
[[⚫] (Specify date)/Issue Date] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
[subject to adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
(ISDA 2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(b)) (but 
not the ISDA 2006 Definitions) provide an 
option to make the above applicable where 
either the Modified Following Business 
Day Convention or Preceding Business 
Day Convention applies to Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Dates. Therefore, only 
specify as applicable if (i) the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
applies to Floating Rate Coupon Period 
End Dates and (ii) the preference is to 
make the Business Day Convention subject 
to adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday) 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 
(ISDA)]

--- Page 684 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
678 
 
 
(viii) 
Manner in which the Floating Rate 
Coupon(s) is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA 
Determination / SONIA Floating Rate 
Determination (Non-Index Determination) 
/ SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Index Determination) / SOFR Floating 
Rate Determination / TONA Floating Rate 
Determination / €STR Floating Rate 
Determination] 
 
(ix) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
for 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
(General 
Condition 8.2(b)(ii)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
- 
Benchmark: 
[Specify benchmark or other rate] 
 
- 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
 
- 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
Determination Date: 
[[
⚫
][TARGET2 
Settlement 
Days] 
[Business Days] in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in 
each Floating Rate Coupon Period/each 
Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date]] 
 
- 
Reference Banks: 
[Specify five] 
 
- 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The 
financial 
centre 
most 
closely 
connected to the Reference Rate - specify if 
not London] 
 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be 
obtained with effect from commencement 
of Floating Rate Coupon Period] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate 
Coupon (General Condition 8.2(b)(i)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions/2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are 
applicable, ensure this is a Floating Rate 
Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) 
 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Floating Rate Coupon Commencement 
Date]/[⚫] 
 
- 
Termination Date: 
[Maturity 
Date/Settlement 
Date/Redemption 
Date/Optional 
Redemption Date/[⚫]] 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 685 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
679 
 
(A Designated Maturity period is not 
relevant where the relevant Floating Rate 
Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[[ ⚫]/As specified in General Condition 
8.2(b)(i)] 
[subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Floating 
Rate/Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, 
insert same Business Day Convention as 
for Floating Rate Coupon Period End 
Dates unless "No Adjustment" applies to 
such dates, in which case delete the 
reference to Business Day Convention so 
that relevant ISDA fallbacks relating to 
Business Day Conventions will apply) 
 
- 
[Period End Date/Termination 
Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(ISDA 2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(b)) (but 
not the ISDA 2006 Definitions) provide an 
option to make this applicable where either 
the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention or Preceding Business Day 
Convention applies to Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Dates. Therefore, only 
specify as applicable if (i) the 2021 
Definitions 
are 
applicable, 
(ii) 
the 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention or Preceding Business Day 
Convention applies to Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Dates and (iii) the 
preference is to make the Business Day 
Convention subject to adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday. Note that the ISDA 
2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(a)) provides 
that, where Modified Following Business 
Day Convention or Preceding Business 
Day Convention applies to Floating Rate 
Coupon Period End Date, adjustment of 
the relevant Payment Date as a result of an 
Unscheduled Holiday is applicable by 
default (unless specified otherwise)) 
 
- 
Compounding/ Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method" or "Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method" is applicable. 
Otherwise, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS Compounding/Compounding with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation 
Period 
Shift/Compounding 
with 
Lockout/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 686 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
680 
 
 
[Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[Lookback: 
[[ ⚫] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Lookback or Averaging with Lookback)] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: 
[[ ⚫] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days] /[As specified in the [2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify Not Applicable unless 
the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: [⚫]/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging 
with Observation Period Shift)] 
 
[Lockout: 
[[⚫] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable 
only for Compounding with Lockout or 
Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [ ⚫]/ 
[Applicable Business Days]] (Specify 
Applicable Business Days unless the 
standard 
position 
under 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed)] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method. If Not Applicable, 
delete the Daily Capped Rate and Daily 
Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: [⚫]%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [⚫]%]] 
 
[[Day Count Basis: 
[ ⚫]] (If not included this will be the 
denominator of the Day Count Fraction)] 
 
- 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating 
Rate Option and an Index Method. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 687 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
681 
 
 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (may only be 
selected if the 2021 Definitions are 
specified)/Compounded 
Index 
Method/Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift]/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] Definitions] 
(Include the following only if using 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] (Not Applicable should be 
specified unless the standard position 
under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[⚫] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified 
in the [2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: [⚫]] 
 
[Day Count Basis: 
[ ⚫]] (If not included this will be the 
denominator of the Day Count Fraction) 
 
(xi) 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Non-Index Determination) (General 
Condition 8.2(b)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Compounded Daily SONIA 
(Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Compounded Daily SONIA 
(Lag): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Page: 
[⚫]/[SONIAOSR=] 
 
- 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
Determination Date(s): 
[Fifth day on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London prior to the Floating 
Rate Coupon Period End Date of each 
Floating Rate Coupon Period]/[⚫] 
- 
p: 
[Five London Banking Days]/[[⚫] London 
Banking Days] 
 
(xii) 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Index 
Determination) 
(General 
Condition 8.2(b)(iii)(B)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
Determination Date(s): 
[The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the Floating 
Rate Coupon Period End Date for the 
relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period]/[⚫] 
 
- 
Relevant Number: 
[⚫]

--- Page 688 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
682 
 
 
(xiii) 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
(General Condition 8.2(b)(iv)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR, 
except 
where 
Index 
Determination is applicable) 
 
- 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ⚫] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days 
(Specify for Compounded Daily SOFR, 
except where Index Determination is 
applicable. N.B. must be at least two such 
relevant days to allow clearing system 
payments) 
 
- 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
Determination Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – 
Non-Index Determination: Second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the relevant Floating Rate Coupon 
Period End Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – 
Index Determination: The day falling the 
Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the 
relevant Floating Rate Coupon Period End 
Date and Relevant Number means [insert 
number being two or greater]] 
 
(xiv) 
TONA Floating Rate Determination 
(General Condition 8.2(b)(v)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
p: 
[Ten]/[⚫] 
 
(xv) 
€STR Floating Rate Determination 
(General Condition 8.2(b)(vi)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Compounded 
Daily 
€STR 
(Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Compounded 
Daily 
€STR 
(Lag): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
- 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
Determination Date(s): 
[Fifth TARGET2 Settlement Day prior to 
the Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date 
of each Floating Rate Coupon Period]/[⚫] 
 
- 
p: 
[Five TARGET2 Settlement Days]/[[ ⚫] 
TARGET2 Settlement Days]

--- Page 689 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
683 
 
 
(xvi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][ ⚫] per cent. per annum/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Minimum Floating Rate Coupon: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) 
Maximum Floating Rate Coupon: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
[Recommended Fallback Rate: 
[Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
Recommended 
Fallback 
Rate/Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR 
Recommended 
Fallback 
Rate/Compounded 
Daily 
€STR 
Recommended 
Fallback 
Rate/ISDA 
Fallback Rate/[⚫]]] 
 
(xx) 
[Generic Permanent Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
REFERENCE ASSET LINKED COUPON PROVISIONS 
34. 
Reference Asset Linked Coupon Provisions 
(Payout Condition 1): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Reference Asset(s): 
[[The/Each] 
[Share 
[and]/Index 
[and]/Commodity [and]/Commodity Index 
[and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[40/41/42/43/45]]/[Each Reference Asset 
specified as such in the Reference Asset 
Table below in the column entitled 
"Reference Asset Category"]/[[⚫](Specify 
each relevant Reference Asset)] 
 
(ii) 
Contingent Coupon (Payout Condition 
1(a)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Coupon Amount: 
[⚫]/[In respect of each Coupon Payment 
Date, the amount set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"Specified Coupon Amount" in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date] 
 
- 
Coupon Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Memory Coupon (Payout Condition 
1(b)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
Memory Coupon with Instalment 
Feature (Payout Condition 1(t)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If both Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Memory Coupon Value: 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
t: 
[The amount set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled "t" in 
the row corresponding to the Coupon

--- Page 690 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
684 
 
Payment Date]/[In respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date, the number of Coupon 
Payment Dates falling in the period 
commencing on, but excluding, the Issue 
Date and ending on, and including, such 
Coupon Payment Date] 
 
(d) 
Coupon Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[(e) 
Instalment Percentage: 
[⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
Factor Coupon (Single Reference 
Asset) (Payout Condition 1(c)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
Factor Coupon (Basket of Reference 
Assets) (Payout Condition 1(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Coupon Factor: 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Coupon Factor Denominator 
Multiplier: 
[[⚫]/The amount set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"Coupon Factor Denominator Multiplier"] 
 
(v) 
Lock-in Coupon (Payout Condition 
1(e)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Coupon Lock-in Event: 
Applicable: for the purposes of the 
definition of "Coupon Lock-in Event" in 
the Payout Conditions, [less than or equal 
to Coupon Lock-in Level] / [greater than or 
equal to Coupon Lock-in Level] / [less than 
Coupon Lock-in Level] / [greater than 
Coupon Lock-in Level] is applicable 
 
(b) 
Coupon Lock-in Level: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Coupon 
Lock-in Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Asset/ As set forth in 
the Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Lock-in 
Level" 
corresponding to the relevant Coupon 
Valuation Date] [Not Applicable]  
 
(c) 
Lock-in Coupon Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
(d) 
Specified Coupon Amount: 
[⚫]/[In respect of each Coupon Payment 
Date, the amount set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"Specified Coupon Amount" in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date] 
 
(vi) 
Performance 
Coupon 
1 
(Payout 
Condition 1(f)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 691 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
685 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
PCA: 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
CF: 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Coupon Participation: 
[⚫] 
 
(d) 
t: 
[The amount set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"t"]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date, 
the number of Coupon Payment Dates 
falling in the period commencing on, but 
excluding, the Issue Date and ending on, 
and including, such Coupon Payment 
Date] 
 
(e) 
Coupon Strike: 
Coupon Strike – High Watermark is [not] 
applicable[; [⚫] (specify amount if Coupon 
Strike 
– 
High 
Watermark 
is 
not 
applicable)] 
 
(f) 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference 
Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(g) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial 
Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Initial Reference Asset Intra-Day 
Value] 
(Insert paragraph (h) if the Securities 
relate to a Basket of Reference Assets, 
otherwise delete) 
 
[(h) 
Weighted Performance: 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return)]] 
 
(vii) 
Performance 
Coupon 
2 
(Payout 
Condition 1(g)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
PCA: 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
CF: 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Coupon Participation: 
[⚫] 
 
(d) 
t: 
[The amount set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"t"]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date, 
the number of Coupon Payment Dates 
falling in the period commencing on, but 
excluding, the Issue Date and ending on, 
and including, such Coupon Payment 
Date] 
 
(e) 
Coupon Strike: 
Coupon Strike – High Watermark is [not] 
applicable[; [⚫] (specify amount if Coupon

--- Page 692 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
686 
 
Strike 
– 
High 
Watermark 
is 
not 
applicable)] 
 
(f) 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference 
Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(g) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial 
Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Initial Reference Asset Intra-Day 
Value] 
(Insert paragraph (h) if the Securities 
relate to a Basket of Reference Assets, 
otherwise delete) 
 
[(h) 
Weighted Performance 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return)]] 
 
(viii) 
Range 
Accrual 
Coupon 
(Single 
Reference Asset) (Payout Condition 
1(h)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Range Accrual Coupon (Worst of) 
(Payout Condition 1(i)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Range Accrual Coupon (Basket of 
Reference Assets) (Payout Condition 
1(j)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If all are Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Range Accrual Coupon Factor: 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Low Barrier: 
[ ⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Low Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Reference 
Asset] 
 
(d) 
High Barrier: 
[ ⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table in the column entitled "High Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Reference 
Asset] 
 
(e) 
[N]/[N(Worst 
of)]/[N 
(Basket)]: 
[Greater 
than 
or 
equal 
to 
Low 
Barrier/Greater than Low Barrier] is 
applicable] 
 
 
[Equal to or less than High Barrier/Less 
than High Barrier] is applicable] 
 
 
(Insert paragraphs (f) and (g) below if 
Range Accrual Coupon (Worst of) (Payout 
Condition 1(i)) or Range Accrual Coupon 
(Basket of Reference Assets) (Payout 
Condition 1(j)) is applicable, otherwise 
delete)

--- Page 693 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
687 
 
 
[(f) 
Value (t): 
Reference Asset Closing Value (If Value 
(t)is defined elsewhere in these Issue 
Terms, delete this paragraph)] 
 
[(g) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial 
Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Initial Reference Asset Intra-Day 
Value]] 
(Insert paragraph (h) below if Range 
Accrual Coupon (Basket of Reference 
Assets) 
(Payout 
Condition 
1(j)) 
is 
applicable; otherwise delete) 
 
[(h) 
Weighted Performance: 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return)]] 
 
(ix) 
Enhanced Coupon (Payout Condition 
1(k)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Memory Enhanced Coupon (Payout 
Condition 1(l)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Enhanced Coupon Rate: 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Coupon Leverage: 
[⚫] 
 
(d) 
t: 
[Applicable: [the amount set forth in the 
Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled "t"]/[in respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date, the number of Coupon 
Payment Dates falling in the period 
commencing on, but excluding, the Issue 
Date and ending on, and including, such 
Coupon Payment Date]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Enhanced Coupon Event 1: 
Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 1 and (b) [less 
than or equal to/less than/greater than or 
equal to/greater than] Enhanced Coupon 
Level 1 
 
- 
Enhanced 
Coupon 
Reference Asset 1: 
[[The/Each] 
[Share 
[and]/Index 
[and]/Commodity [and]/Commodity Index 
[and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[40/41/42/43/45]]/[[The/Each] Reference 
Asset specified as such in the Reference 
Asset Table below in the column entitled 
"Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset(s)"]/[[
⚫](Specify each relevant Reference Asset)] 
 
- 
Enhanced Coupon Level 
1: 
[⚫]/[As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Enhanced 
Coupon Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Asset]/ [As set forth in 
the Coupon Payment Table in the column

--- Page 694 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
688 
 
entitled "Enhanced Coupon Level 1" 
corresponding to the relevant Coupon 
Valuation Date] 
 
(f) 
Enhanced Coupon Event 2: 
Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Asset 2 and (b) [less 
than or equal to/less than/greater than or 
equal to/greater than] Enhanced Coupon 
Level 2 
 
- 
Enhanced 
Coupon 
Reference Asset 2: 
[[The/Each] 
[Share 
[and]/Index 
[and]/Commodity [and]/Commodity Index 
[and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[40/41/42/43/45]]/[[The/Each] Reference 
Asset specified as such in the Reference 
Asset Table below in the column entitled 
"Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset(s)"]/[[
⚫](Specify each relevant Reference Asset)] 
 
- 
Enhanced Coupon Level 
2: 
[⚫]/[As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Enhanced 
Coupon Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Asset]/ [As set forth in 
the Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled "Enhanced Coupon Level 2" 
corresponding to the relevant Coupon 
Valuation Date] 
 
(g) 
Coupon Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Coupon Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
(Payout Condition 1(m)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Coupon 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
Memory Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon (Payout Condition 1(n)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
CA: 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Contingent Floating Rate: 
 
 
[Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
- 
Benchmark: 
[Specify benchmark or other rate]

--- Page 695 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
689 
 
 
- 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
 
- 
Contingent 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
Determination Date: 
[[
⚫
][TARGET2 
Settlement 
Days] 
[Business Days] in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in 
each Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period/each Coupon Payment Date]] 
 
- 
Reference Banks: 
[Specify five] 
 
- 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[The 
financial 
centre 
most 
closely 
connected to the Reference Rate - specify if 
not London] 
 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be 
obtained with effect from commencement 
of Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period] 
 
[ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions/2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are 
applicable, ensure this is a Floating Rate 
Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) 
 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date]/[⚫] 
 
- 
Termination Date: 
[Maturity 
Date/Settlement 
Date/Redemption 
Date/Optional 
Redemption Date/[⚫]] 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not 
relevant where the relevant Floating Rate 
Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[ ⚫]/[As specified in the definition of 
Contingent Floating Rate (ISDA Rate) in 
Payout Condition 4 (Definitions and 
Interpretation)] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Floating 
Rate/Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, 
insert same Business Day Convention as 
for Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period End Dates unless "No Adjustment" 
applies to such dates, in which case delete 
the reference to Business Day Convention

--- Page 696 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
690 
 
so that relevant ISDA fallbacks relating to 
Business Day Conventions will apply) 
 
- 
[Period 
End 
Date/Termination Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(ISDA 2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(b)) (but 
not the ISDA 2006 Definitions) provide an 
option to make this applicable where either 
the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention or Preceding Business Day 
Convention applies to Contingent Floating 
Rate Coupon Period End Dates. Therefore, 
only specify as applicable if (i) the 2021 
Definitions 
are 
applicable, 
(ii) 
the 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention or Preceding Business Day 
Convention applies to Contingent Floating 
Rate Coupon Period End Dates and (iii) 
the preference is to make the Business Day 
Convention subject to adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday. Note that the ISDA 
2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(a)) provides 
that, where Modified Following Business 
Day Convention or Preceding Business 
Day Convention applies to Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date, 
adjustment of the relevant Payment Date 
as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday is 
applicable by default (unless specified 
otherwise)) 
 
- 
Compounding/ Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method" or "Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method" is applicable. 
Otherwise, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS Compounding/Compounding with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation 
Period 
Shift/Compounding 
with 
Lockout/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[Lookback: 
[[ ⚫] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Lookback or Averaging with Lookback)] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: 
[[ ⚫] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days] /[As specified in the [2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 697 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
691 
 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify Not Applicable unless 
the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: [⚫]/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging 
with Observation Period Shift)] 
 
[Lockout: 
[[⚫] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable 
only for Compounding with Lockout or 
Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [ ⚫]/ 
[Applicable Business Days]] (Specify 
Applicable Business Days unless the 
standard 
position 
under 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed)] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method. If Not Applicable, 
delete the Daily Capped Rate and Daily 
Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: [⚫]%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [⚫]%]] 
 
[[Day Count Basis: 
[ ⚫]] (If not included this will be the 
denominator of the Day Count Fraction)] 
 
- 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating 
Rate Option and an Index Method. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (may only be 
selected if the 2021 Definitions are 
specified)/Compounded 
Index 
Method/Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift]/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] Definitions] 
(Include the following only if using 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] (Not Applicable should be 
specified unless the standard position

--- Page 698 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
692 
 
under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[⚫] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified 
in the [2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: [⚫]] 
 
[Day Count Basis: 
[ ⚫]] (If not included this will be the 
denominator of the Day Count Fraction) 
 
[SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
(Non-Index 
Determination): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA (Shift): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA (Lag): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Page: 
[⚫]/[SONIAOSR=]] 
 
- 
Contingent 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
Determination Date(s): 
[Fifth day on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London prior to the Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date of 
each Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period]/[⚫]] 
- 
p: 
[Five London Banking Days]/[[⚫] London 
Banking Days] 
 
[SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
(Index 
Determination): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Contingent 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
Determination Date(s): 
[The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period 
End Date for the relevant Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period]/[⚫] 
 
- 
Relevant Number: 
[⚫]] 
 
[SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift, except where Index 
Determination is applicable) 
 
- 
Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ⚫] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days 
(Specify except where Index Determination 
is applicable. N.B. must be at least two

--- Page 699 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
693 
 
such relevant days to allow clearing system 
payments) 
 
- 
Index Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
- 
Contingent 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
Determination Date(s): 
[Insert where Index Determination does 
not apply: Second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the 
relevant Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period End Date] 
[Insert where Index Determination applies: 
The day falling the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
prior to the relevant Contingent Floating 
Rate Coupon Period End Date and 
Relevant Number means [insert number 
being two or greater]] 
[TONA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
- 
p: 
[Ten]/[⚫] 
[€STR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Compounded 
Daily 
€STR (Shift): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Compounded 
Daily 
€STR (Lag): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Page: 
[⚫] 
- 
Contingent 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
Determination Date(s): 
[Fifth TARGET2 Settlement Day prior to 
the Contingent Floating Rate Coupon 
Period End Date of each Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period]/[⚫]] 
- 
p: 
[Five TARGET2 Settlement Days]/[[ ⚫] 
TARGET2 Settlement Days] 
 
(c) 
Spread: 
[[+/-][ ⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
 
(e) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable]

--- Page 700 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
694 
 
[subject to adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
(ISDA 2021 Definitions (s. 2.3.6(i)(b)) (but 
not the ISDA 2006 Definitions) provide an 
option to make the above applicable where 
either the Modified Following Business 
Day Convention or Preceding Business 
Day Convention applies to Contingent 
Floating Rate Coupon Period End Dates. 
Therefore, only specify as applicable if (i) 
the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention or Preceding Business Day 
Convention applies to Contingent Floating 
Rate Coupon Period End Dates and (ii) the 
preference is to make the Business Day 
Convention subject to adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday) 
 
(f) 
Contingent 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon Period(s): 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
definition 
of 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period in 
Payout Condition 4 (Definitions and 
Interpretation)]/[⚫] 
 
(g) 
Contingent 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Coupon Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
⚫], to, and including, [⚫]] / [Each date set 
forth in the table above] [- Adjusted / 
Unadjusted] (repeat as necessary) 
 
(h) 
Coupon Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
In Fine Coupon (Payout Condition 
1(o)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Coupon Amount: 
[⚫]/[In respect of each Coupon Valuation 
Date, the amount set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"Specified Coupon Amount" in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Valuation 
Date] 
 
- 
Coupon Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
In Fine Memory Coupon (Payout 
Condition 1(p)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Memory Coupon Value: 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Coupon Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Daily Coupon (Payout Condition 
1(q)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Daily Coupon 2 (Payout Condition 
1(u)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If both Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 701 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
695 
 
 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Daily Coupon Rate: 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Daily Coupon DCF: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
 
(d) 
Daily Coupon Period: 
[As specified in the definition of Daily 
Coupon Period in Payout Condition 4 
(Definitions and Interpretation)]/[⚫] 
 
(e) 
Daily Coupon Period End Date: 
[Coupon Payment Date/[⚫]] [- Adjusted / 
Unadjusted] (repeat as necessary)  
(subject to the proviso in the definition of 
Daily Coupon Period End Date in Payout 
Condition 
4 
(Definitions 
and 
Interpretation)) 
 
(f) 
Daily Coupon Period Start 
Date: 
[Issue Date/[⚫]] 
 
[(g) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Event 
Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xiv) 
Fixed, Worst-of, Weighted and / or 
Best-of Basket Coupon (Payout 
Condition 1(r)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
t: 
[Applicable: [the amount set forth in the 
Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled "t"]/[in respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date, the number of Coupon 
Payment Dates falling in the period 
commencing on, but excluding, the Issue 
Date and ending on, and including, such 
Coupon Payment Date]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
FWWB Coupon Performance 
Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of 
"FWWB Coupon Performance Event" in 
the Payout Conditions, [less than or equal 
to/less than/greater than or equal to/greater 
than] FWWB Coupon Performance Barrier 
is applicable 
 
(d) 
Fixed Coupon: 
[In respect of a Coupon Valuation Date or 
Coupon Payment Date (as applicable), 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]]/[As 
specified in the Coupon Payment Table in 
the column entitled "Fixed Coupon" 
corresponding to the relevant Coupon 
Valuation Date or Coupon Payment Date 
(as applicable)] 
 
(e) 
FWWB Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of a Coupon Valuation Date or 
Coupon Payment Date (as applicable) [⚫

--- Page 702 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
696 
 
]]/[As set forth in the Coupon Payment 
Table in the column entitled "FWWB 
Coupon Rate" corresponding to the 
relevant Coupon Valuation Date or 
Coupon Payment Date (as applicable)] 
 
(f) 
Relevant Performance: 
[Not Applicable]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket)]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Best)]/[As specified in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"Relevant Performance" corresponding to 
the relevant Coupon Valuation Date] 
 
(g) 
FWWB Coupon Performance 
Barrier: 
[In respect of a Coupon Valuation Date [⚫
]]/[As set forth in the Coupon Payment 
Table in the column entitled "FWWB 
Coupon 
Performance 
Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Coupon 
Valuation Date] 
 
(xv) 
Drop Back Coupon (Payout Condition 
1(s)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
t: 
[⚫]/[The amount set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled "t"] 
 
(c) 
Coupon Rate: 
[⚫] 
 
(d) 
Coupon Period (Drop Back): 
[Each 
period 
commencing 
on, 
but 
excluding, the Initial Valuation Date and 
ending on, and including, a Coupon 
Valuation Date]/[⚫] 
 
(xvi) 
[Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[ ⚫]/Each date set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"Coupon Valuation Date(s)"/Such dates 
specified as "Coupon Valuation Date(s)" 
under 
paragraph[s] 
[40/41/42/43/45] 
below] 
 
(xvii) 
[Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [the Coupon Valuation Date 
scheduled to fall on [⚫]/[⚫] (insert relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date corresponding to 
the relevant set of Averaging Dates)]: 
[ ⚫]/Each date set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"Averaging Date(s)"/ Each Observation 
Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the 
Averaging Observation Period in respect of 
[such Coupon Valuation Date] [⚫]/Such 
dates specified as "Averaging Date(s)" in 
respect of a Coupon Valuation Date under 
paragraph[s] [38/39/41/43] below

--- Page 703 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
697 
 
[Averaging Observation Period: [Not 
Applicable][Applicable] in respect of 
[such Coupon Valuation Date] [⚫]: 
- 
[Averaging Observation Period 
Start 
Date: 
[
⚫
] 
([Included][Excluded]) in respect 
of [such Coupon Valuation Date] 
[⚫] 
- 
Averaging Observation Period 
End 
Date: 
[
⚫
] 
([Included][Excluded]) in respect 
of [such Coupon Valuation Date] 
[⚫] 
- 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
Applicable, 
as 
specified 
in 
the 
[Share][Index][FX][Fund] 
Linked Provisions in respect of 
[each/the] 
[Share][Index][FX 
Rate][Fund] 
- 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): [In respect 
of the Averaging Observation 
Period, [⚫]]/[Not Applicable]]]] 
(repeat as necessary)] 
 
(xviii) 
[Coupon Observation Date(s): 
[ ⚫]/Each date set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled 
"Coupon Observation Date(s)"/Such dates 
specified as "Coupon Observation Dates" 
under 
paragraph[s] 
[40/41/42/43/45] 
below] (If other than Range Accrual 
Coupon, delete the paragraph) 
 
(xix) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[ ⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [ ⚫] to, and including, [ ⚫]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]] / Each 
date set forth in the Coupon Payment Table 
in the column entitled "Coupon Payment 
Date(s)"] 
 
(xx) 
Coupon Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Coupon Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference 
Asset/Relevant Performance] and (b) [less 
than or equal to/greater than or equal 
to/less than/greater than] the Coupon 
Barrier Level]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Coupon Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference 
Asset/Relevant Performance] and (b) [less 
than or equal to/greater than or equal

--- Page 704 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
698 
 
to/less than/greater than] the Coupon 
Barrier Level]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference 
Asset/Relevant Performance] and (b) [less 
than or equal to/greater than or equal 
to/less than/greater than] the Coupon 
Barrier Level]/[Not Applicable] 
[(d) 
Relevant Performance: 
[Applicable: 
[Asset 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket) 
- 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return)]]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)]/[Coupon 
Average 
Relevant 
Performance]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[(e) 
Value(t): 
[Applicable: [Reference Asset Closing 
Value/Reference 
Asset 
Intra-Day 
Value]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(xxi) 
Coupon Barrier Level: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Coupon 
Barrier Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Asset/ As set forth in 
the Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Barrier 
Level" 
corresponding to the relevant Coupon 
Valuation Date] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Coupon Event: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Coupon Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference 
Asset/Relevant Performance] and (b) [less 
than or equal to/greater than or equal 
to/less than/greater than] the Coupon 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Coupon Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference 
Asset/Relevant Performance] and (b) [less 
than or equal to/greater than or equal 
to/less than/greater than] the Coupon 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference 
Asset/Relevant Performance] and (b) [less 
than or equal to/greater than or equal 
to/less than/greater than] the Coupon 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[(d) 
Relevant Performance: 
[Applicable: 
[Asset 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket) 
- 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return)]]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)]]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 705 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
699 
 
 
[(e) 
Value(t): 
[Applicable: [Reference Asset Closing 
Value/Reference 
Asset 
Intra-Day 
Value]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(xxiii) 
Coupon Level: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table in the column entitled "Coupon 
Level" corresponding to the relevant 
Reference Asset]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) 
Coupon Observation Period:  
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Coupon Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Coupon 
[Valuation/Observation] Date, [ ⚫]][Each 
date set forth in the Coupon Payment Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Coupon 
Observation Period Start Date(s)"] - 
[Included / Excluded]] 
 
(b) 
Coupon Observation Period 
End Date: 
[Each/The] 
Coupon 
[Valuation/Observation] Date 
- [Adjusted/Unadjusted] 
- [Included / Excluded] 
 
(c) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] 
Share Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] Index Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Index] 
[and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity 
Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] 
Fund Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] 
Share Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] Index Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Index] 
[and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
Commodity/Commodity 
Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] FX Rate]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Provisions for determining Coupon 
Amount 
where 
calculation 
by 
The [Share Linked Provisions [and]/Index 
Linked 
Provisions 
[and]/Commodity

--- Page 706 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
700 
 
reference to Share and/or Index and/or 
Commodity and/or Commodity Index 
and/or FX Rate and/or Fund is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable 
or 
otherwise disrupted: 
Linked 
Provisions 
[and]/FX 
Linked 
Provisions [and/Fund Linked Provisions] 
are 
applicable. 
See 
paragraph[s] 
[40/41/42/43/45] 
 
[If Contingent Coupon is applicable, insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
Specified Coupon Amount 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Barrier Level" (if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation 
Date), "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)", "Coupon Valuation Date(s)" and "Averaging Dates") 
 
[If Memory Coupon or Memory Coupon with Instalment Features is applicable, insert: 
Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
t 
[Coupon Barrier Level]61 
Coupon Valuation 
Date(s) 
Coupon Payment 
Date(s) 
 
1 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
[2] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)" and "Averaging Dates") 
 
[If Factor Coupon (Single Reference Asset) or Factor Coupon (Basket of Reference Assets) is 
applicable, insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Level]62 
[Coupon Factor 
Denominator 
Multiplier] 
Coupon Valuation Date(s) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)") 
 
[If Lock-in Coupon is applicable, insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Level]63 
[Coupon Lock-in 
Level]64 
Coupon Valuation 
Date(s) 
Specified Coupon 
Amount 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
61  
Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date. 
62  
Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date. 
63  
Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date. 
64  
Insert if Coupon Lock-in Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date.

--- Page 707 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
701 
 
(Insert Coupon 
Barrier Level, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
(Insert Coupon Lock-in 
Level, repeat as 
appropriate) 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
(Insert amount, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)" and "Coupon Payment Date(s)") 
 
[If Performance Coupon 1 is applicable, insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
[t] 
Coupon Valuation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment 
Date(s) 
 
[1] 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)") 
 
[If Performance Coupon 2 is applicable, insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
[t] 
Coupon Valuation Date(s) 
 
Coupon Payment 
Date(s) 
 
[1] 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)") 
 
[If Range Accrual Coupon (Single Reference Asset), Range Accrual Coupon (Worst of) or 
Range Accrual Coupon (Basket of Reference Assets) is applicable, insert if appropriate: 
Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon 
Observation 
Period Start 
Date 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment 
Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)") 
 
[If (i) Enhanced Coupon or Memory Enhanced Coupon or (ii) Drop Back Coupon is 
applicable, insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
[t] 
Coupon Valuation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment 
Date(s) 
 
[1] 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
 
(*if Enhanced Coupon or Memory Enhanced Coupon is applicable, insert, if required, additional columns "Enhanced Coupon Level 1" 
(if Enhanced Coupon Level 1 is different for each Coupon Valuation Date), "Enhanced Coupon Level 2" (if Enhanced Coupon Level 2 
is different for each Coupon Valuation Date) and "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)")

--- Page 708 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
702 
 
 
[If Contingent Floating Rate Coupon or Memory Contingent Floating Rate Coupon is 
applicable, insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
[Coupon Barrier 
Level]65 
Coupon Valuation 
Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)" and "Averaging Dates") 
 
[If In Fine Coupon is applicable, insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
[Coupon Barrier 
Level]66 
Coupon Valuation Date(s) 
Specified Coupon Amount 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert Coupon 
Barrier Level, repeat 
as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert amount, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)" and "Averaging Dates") 
 
[If In Fine Memory Coupon is applicable, insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
[Coupon Barrier Level]67 
Coupon Valuation Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert Coupon Barrier Level, 
repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)" and "Averaging Dates") 
 
[If Fixed, Worst-of, Weighted and / or Best-of Basket Coupon is applicable, insert: Coupon Payment Table] 
t 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s) 
Fixed Coupon  
FWWB 
Coupon Rate 
Relevant 
Performance 
FWWB Coupon 
Performance 
Barrier 
1 
[⚫] 
 
(Insert if 
Fixed 
Coupon is not 
applicable; 
otherwise 
insert 'Not 
Applicable) 
[⚫] 
[Applicable] / 
[Not Applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Not Applicable] / 
[Relevant 
Performance 
(Worst)] / [Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket)] / [Relevant 
Performance (Best)] 
[⚫] 
[2] 
[⚫] 
 
(Insert date if 
applicable, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[⚫] 
 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[Applicable] / 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert whether 
Fixed Coupon is 
applicable, and 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[⚫] 
 
(Insert FWWB 
Coupon Rate, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[⚫] 
 
(Insert Relevant 
Performance as 
applicable, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[⚫] 
 
(Insert FWWB 
Coupon 
Performance 
Barrier, repeat as 
appropriate) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES 
35. Call Option (General Condition 5.1 
in respect of Notes and General 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
65  
Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date. 
66  
Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date. 
67  
Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date.

--- Page 709 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
703 
 
Condition 9.1 in respect of 
Certificates): 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[⚫] [Each date set forth in the Optional Redemption 
Table in the column entitled "Optional Redemption 
Date(s)"] 
 
(ii) 
Call Option Exercise Date(s): 
[⚫] [Each date set forth in the Optional Redemption 
Table in the column entitled "Call Option Exercise 
Date(s)"]68 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[⚫] 
 
Optional Redemption Table 
 
Call Option Exercise Date(s) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
 
 
 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
(General Condition 5.3): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Maximum 
Instalment 
Amount: 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
36. Early Payment Amount: 
[Early Payment Amount 1/Early Payment Amount 
2/Early Payment Amount 3/Early Payment Amount 
4] is applicable 
 
(Notwithstanding the above, if 
"Belgian Securities Annex" is specified 
to be applicable, delete the above in its 
entirety and replace with the 
following:) 
 
 
[Early Payment Amount:  
As specified in the Conditions as amended by the 
Belgian Securities Annex, subject to the below 
 
(Insert where the Securities have a 
Minimum Redemption Amount:) 
[Termination Event (Possible 
Performance):  
[Best of Amount]/[Monetisation with Holder Put 
Option] is applicable] 
 
68 
If the Securities are cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, a minimum of 5 business days is required to process 
the Call Option.

--- Page 710 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
704 
 
 
Tax Termination Event 
[Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement]/[Best of Amount]/[Monetisation 
with Holder Put Option] is applicable] 
 
Redemption pursuant to General 
Condition 2.3: 
[Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement]/[Best of Amount]/[Monetisation 
with Holder Put Option] is applicable] 
 
(Insert where the Belgian Securities 
are Index Linked Securities:) [Change 
in Law: 
[Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement]/[Best of Amount]/[Monetisation 
with Holder Put Option] is applicable]] 
 
Non-compliant Fallbacks: 
[Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement]/[Best of Amount]/[Monetisation 
with Holder Put Option] is applicable]] 
37. Early Redemption (Payout 
Condition 2): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining relevant sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Reference 
Asset(s): 
[[The/Each][Share [and]/Index [and]/Commodity 
[and]/Commodity Index [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] 
as specified below in paragraph[s] [40/41/42/43/45]] 
/[Each Reference Asset specified as such in the 
Reference Asset Table below in the column entitled 
"Reference Asset Category"]/[[ ⚫](Specify each 
relevant Reference Asset)] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Event 1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier: 
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, ][⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Reference Asset/As set 
forth in the Early Redemption Table in the column 
entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" corresponding to 
the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Date] 
 
- 
ER Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier Observation: 
[Less than or equal to/Greater than or equal to/Less 
than/Greater than] the Early Redemption Barrier 
 
(iii) 
Early Redemption Event 2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier: 
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, ][⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Reference Asset/As set 
forth in the Early Redemption Table in the column 
entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" corresponding to 
the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Date]

--- Page 711 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
705 
 
 
- 
ER Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier Observation: 
[Less than or equal to/Greater than or equal to/Less 
than/Greater than] its respective Early Redemption 
Barrier 
 
(iv) 
Early Redemption Event 3: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance (Basket) 
- [Weighted Performance (Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] /[Relevant Performance (Best)]/[As set forth 
in the Early Redemption Table in the column entitled 
"Relevant Performance" corresponding to the 
relevant Early Redemption Valuation Date] 
 
[- 
Value(t): 
[Applicable: 
[Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Reference 
Asset 
Intra-Day 
Value]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance: 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)/Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)] 
(Insert 
if 
Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket) 
is 
applicable, otherwise delete) 
 
- 
Early 
Redemption 
Strike: 
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, ][⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Early Redemption Strike" 
corresponding to the relevant Reference Asset/As set 
forth in the Early Redemption Table in the column 
entitled "Early Redemption Strike" corresponding to 
the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Date] 
 
- 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
- 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
 
- 
Early 
Redemption 
Strike Observation: 
[Less than or equal to/Greater than or equal to/Less 
than/Greater than] the Early Redemption Strike 
 
(v) 
Early Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[Each Periodic Valuation Date/Each Periodic Pricing 
Date/[⚫] (specify date)/Each date set forth in the Early 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Early 
Redemption Valuation Date(s)"] 
 
(vi) 
[Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [the Early Redemption Valuation Date 
scheduled to fall on [⚫]/[⚫] (insert relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Date corresponding to the 
relevant set of Averaging Dates)]: 
[⚫]/Each date set forth in the Early Redemption Table 
in the column entitled "Averaging Date(s)"/Each 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the 
Averaging Observation Period in respect of [such 
Early Redemption Valuation Date] [⚫]/Such dates 
specified as "Averaging Date(s)" in respect of an

--- Page 712 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
706 
 
Early Redemption Valuation Date under paragraph[s] 
[38/39/41/43] below 
[Averaging 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not 
Applicable][Applicable] in respect of [such Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] [⚫]: 
- 
[Averaging Observation Period Start Date: [
⚫] ([Included][Excluded]) in respect of [such 
Early Redemption Valuation Date] [⚫] 
- 
Averaging Observation Period End Date: [⚫
] ([Included][Excluded]) in respect of [such 
Early Redemption Valuation Date] [⚫] 
- 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation): 
Applicable, 
as 
specified 
in 
the 
[Share][Index][FX][Fund] 
Linked 
Provisions 
in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
[Share][Index][FX Rate][Fund] 
- 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): [In respect of the Averaging 
Observation Period, [⚫]]/[Not Applicable]]]] 
(repeat as necessary)] 
 
(vii) 
Early Redemption Date: 
[Each Coupon Payment Date other than the Maturity 
Date/ Each Coupon Payment Date other than the 
Redemption Date/ Each Interest Payment Date other 
than the Maturity Date/[and each of ][ ⚫] (specify 
date)/ Each date set forth in the Early Redemption 
Table in the column entitled "Early Redemption 
Date(s)"] 
 
(viii) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫] (specify amount)/ELIOS Early Redemption is 
[not] applicable] (If "ELIOS Early Redemption" is not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] (specify amount)] 
 
[(b) 
Early 
Redemption 
Value: 
[[⚫] (specify amount)] 
 
[If Early Redemption Barrier or Early Redemption Strike (as applicable) has different value or 
Relevant Performance is different on each Early Redemption Valuation Date or ER Averaging 
is applicable, insert: Early Redemption Table] 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
[Early 
Redemption 
Date 
[Averaging 
Dates 
 
Early 
Redemption 
[Barrier]/[Str
ike] 
[Relevant 
Performance 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate)] 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate)] 
[⚫] 
(Insert 
amount, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[Not Applicable] / 
[Relevant 
Performance 
(Worst)] / [Relevant 
Performance

--- Page 713 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
707 
 
(Basket)] / [Relevant 
Performance (Best)] 
(Insert Relevant 
Performance as 
applicable, repeat as 
appropriate)] 
 
Daily Observation Early 
Redemption (Payout Condition 2): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Reference 
Asset(s): 
[[The/Each][Share 
[and]/Index 
[and]/Commodity 
[and]/Commodity Index [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] 
as 
specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[38/39/40/41/43]]/[Each Reference Asset specified as 
such in the Reference Asset Table below in the 
column entitled "Reference Asset Category"]/[[ ⚫
](Specify each relevant Reference Asset)] 
 
(ii) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable: 
(a) 
[the/each/any] 
[Reference 
Asset/Relevant Performance] and (b) [less than or 
equal to/greater than or equal to/less than/greater 
than] the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable: 
(a) 
[the/each/any] 
[Reference 
Asset/Relevant Performance] and (b) [less than or 
equal to/greater than or equal to/less than/greater 
than] the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[(c) 
Relevant Performance: 
[Applicable: 
[Asset 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Performance (Basket) - [Weighted Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset 
Return)]]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Worst)]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[(d) 
Value(t): 
[Applicable: 
[Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Reference 
Asset 
Intra-Day 
Value]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[(e) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial 
Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value]] 
 
(iii) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Level: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column 
entitled 
"Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Asset] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[Each Periodic Valuation Date/Each Periodic Pricing 
Date/[⚫] (specify date)]

--- Page 714 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
708 
 
 
(v) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: 
[In respect of [each/the] Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, [ ⚫] - [Included / 
Excluded]] 
 
(b) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period 
End Date: 
[Each/The] Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Valuation Date  
- [Adjusted/Unadjusted] 
- [Included / Excluded] 
 
(c) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Date: 
[⚫] (specify date)/[As specified in Payout Condition 4 
(Definitions and Interpretation)] 
 
(vii) 
Daily Observation Number of 
Days: 
[⚫]/[As specified in Payout Condition 4 (Definitions 
and Interpretation)] 
 
(viii) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[⚫] (specify amount) 
 
Fast Autocall Early Redemption 
(Payout Condition 2): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Daily Observation Early Redemption

--- Page 715 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
709 
 
 
(i) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Reference 
Asset(s): 
[[The/Each][Share [and]/Index [and]/Commodity 
[and]/Commodity Index [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] 
as 
specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[38/39/40/41/43]]/[Each Reference Asset specified as 
such in the Reference Asset Table below in the 
column entitled "Reference Asset Category"]/[[ ⚫
](Specify each relevant Reference Asset)] 
 
(ii) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable: (a) the Relevant Performance and (b) 
[less than or equal to/greater than or equal to/less 
than/greater than] the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level][Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable: (a) the Relevant Performance and (b) 
[less than or equal to/greater than or equal to/less 
than/greater than] the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Relevant Performance: 
Applicable: 
[Asset 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Performance (Basket) - [Weighted Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset 
Return)]]/[Relevant Performance (Worst)] 
 
(d) 
Value(t): 
Applicable: 
[Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(e) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(iii) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Level: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column 
entitled 
"Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Asset] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[Each Periodic Valuation Date/Each Periodic Pricing 
Date/[ ⚫] (specify date)] [The Periodic Valuation 
Date(s) scheduled to fall on [ ⚫] [and [ ⚫]]/The 
Periodic Pricing Date(s) scheduled to fall on [⚫] [and 
[⚫]] 
 
(v) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: 
[In respect of [each/the] Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, [ ⚫] - [Included / 
Excluded]] 
 
(b) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period 
End Date: 
[Each/The] Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Valuation Date  
- [Adjusted/Unadjusted] 
- [Included / Excluded]

--- Page 716 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
710 
 
 
(c) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Date: 
[⚫] (specify date)/[As specified in Payout Condition 4 
(Definitions and Interpretation)] 
 
(vii) 
Daily Observation Number of 
Days: 
[⚫]/[As specified in Payout Condition 4 (Definitions 
and Interpretation)] 
 
(viii) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[⚫] (specify amount) 
 
Early Redemption Event  
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Reference 
Asset(s): 
[[The/Each][Share [and]/Index [and]/Commodity 
[and]/Commodity Index [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] 
as 
specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[38/39/40/41/43]]/[Each Reference Asset specified as 
such in the Reference Asset Table below in the 
column entitled "Reference Asset Category"]/[[ ⚫
](Specify each relevant Reference Asset)] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Event 1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier: 
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, ][⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Reference Asset/As set 
forth in the Early Redemption Table in the column 
entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" corresponding to 
the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Date] 
 
- 
ER Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 717 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
711 
 
 
- 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier Observation: 
[Less than or equal to/Greater than or equal to/Less 
than/Greater than] the Early Redemption Barrier 
 
(iii) 
Early Redemption Event 2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier: 
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, ][⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Reference Asset/As set 
forth in the Early Redemption Table in the column 
entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" corresponding to 
the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Date] 
 
- 
ER Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier Observation: 
[Less than or equal to/Greater than or equal to/Less 
than/Greater than] its respective Early Redemption 
Barrier 
 
(iv) 
Early Redemption Event 3: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance (Basket) 
- [Weighted Performance (Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
 
[- 
Value(t): 
[Applicable: 
[Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Reference 
Asset 
Intra-Day 
Value]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance: 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)/Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)] 
(Insert 
if 
Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket) 
is 
applicable, otherwise delete) 
 
- 
Early 
Redemption 
Strike: 
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, ][⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
in the column entitled "Early Redemption Strike" 
corresponding to the relevant Reference Asset/As set 
forth in the Early Redemption Table in the column 
entitled "Early Redemption Strike" corresponding to 
the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Date] 
 
- 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
- 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
 
- 
Early 
Redemption 
Strike Observation: 
[Less than or equal to/Greater than or equal to/Less 
than/Greater than] the Early Redemption Strike 
 
(v) 
Early Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[Each Periodic Valuation Date/Each Periodic Pricing 
Date/[⚫] (specify date)/Each date set forth in the Early 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Early

--- Page 718 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
712 
 
Redemption Valuation Date(s)"] [The Periodic 
Valuation Date(s) scheduled to fall on [⚫] [and [⚫
]]/The Periodic Pricing Date(s) scheduled to fall on [
⚫] [and [⚫]] 
 
(vi) 
[Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [the Early Redemption Valuation Date 
scheduled to fall on [⚫]/[⚫] (insert relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Date corresponding to the 
relevant set of Averaging Dates)]: 
[⚫]/Each date set forth in the Early Redemption Table 
in the column entitled "Averaging Date(s)"/ Each 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the 
Averaging Observation Period in respect of [such 
Early Redemption Valuation Date] [⚫]/Such dates 
specified as "Averaging Date(s)" in respect of an 
Early Redemption Valuation Date under paragraph[s] 
[38/39/41/43] below 
[Averaging 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not 
Applicable][Applicable] in respect of [such Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] [⚫]: 
- 
[Averaging Observation Period Start Date: [
⚫] ([Included][Excluded]) in respect of [such 
Early Redemption Valuation Date] [⚫] 
- 
Averaging Observation Period End Date: [⚫
] ([Included][Excluded]) in respect of [such 
Early Redemption Valuation Date] [⚫] 
- 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation): 
Applicable, 
as 
specified 
in 
the 
[Share][Index][FX][Fund] 
Linked 
Provisions 
in 
respect 
of 
[each/the] 
[Share][Index][FX Rate][Fund] 
- 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): [In respect of the Averaging 
Observation Period, [⚫]]/[Not Applicable]]]] 
(repeat as necessary)] 
 
(vii) 
Early Redemption Date: 
[Each Coupon Payment Date other than the Maturity 
Date/ Each Coupon Payment Date other than the 
Redemption Date/ Each Interest Payment Date other 
than the Maturity Date/[and each of ][ ⚫] (specify 
date)] / Each date set forth in the Early Redemption 
Table in the column entitled "Early Redemption 
Date(s)"] 
 
(viii) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫] (specify amount)/ELIOS Early Redemption is 
[not] applicable] (If "ELIOS Early Redemption" is not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] (specify amount)] 
 
[(b) 
Early 
Redemption 
Value: 
[[⚫] (specify amount)]

--- Page 719 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
713 
 
 
[If Early Redemption Barrier or Early Redemption Strike (as applicable) has different value on 
each Early Redemption Valuation Date or ER Averaging is applicable, insert: Early 
Redemption Table] 
 
Early Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
[Early Redemption 
Date 
[Averaging Dates 
 
Early Redemption 
[Barrier]/[Strike] 
 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate)] 
[⚫] 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate)] 
[⚫] 
(Insert amount, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
38. Security Redemption Amount 
(Payout Condition 3): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Security 
Redemption 
Reference Asset(s): 
[[The/Each][Share [and]/Index [and]/Commodity 
[and]/Commodity Index [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] 
as 
specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[40/41/42/43/45]]/[Each Reference Asset specified as 
such in the Reference Asset Table below in the 
column entitled "Reference Asset Category"]/[ ⚫] 
(Specify each relevant Reference Asset)] 
 
(ii) 
Provisions for determining 
Security Redemption Amount 
where calculation by reference 
to Share and/or Index and/or 
Commodity/Commodity 
Index 
and/or 
Fund 
is 
impossible or impracticable or 
otherwise disrupted: 
The [Share Linked Provisions [and]/Index Linked 
Provisions [and]/Commodity Linked Provisions 
[and]/FX Linked Provisions [and/Fund Linked 
Provisions] 
are 
applicable. 
See 
paragraph[s] 
[40/41/42/43/45]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[(iii) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
 
Amount  (Notes): 
[Applicable: [⚫]/Not Applicable]]  
PAYOUT CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
39. Payout Conditions69: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Redemption Amount 1 (Single 
Reference 
Asset) 
(Payout 
Conditions 3(a) and 3(b)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
69  
The Payout Conditions do not provide for the averaging of commodities or commodity indices.

--- Page 720 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
714 
 
 
(e) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
 
(f) 
Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
(g) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(h) 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less than 
or equal to/less than] Barrier Event Strike is 
applicable] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
-  
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
 
(i) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(j) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index]

--- Page 721 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
715 
 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption 
Amount 
2 
(Payout Conditions 3(c) and 
3(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(e) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
 
(f) 
Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
(g) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(h) 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less than 
or equal to/less than] Barrier Event Strike is 
applicable] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"]

--- Page 722 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
716 
 
 
(i) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(j) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Redemption 
Amount 
3 
(Payout Conditions 3(e) and 
3(f)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(e) 
Barrier Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier Event" 
in the Payout Conditions, [less than or equal to/less 
than] Barrier Event Strike is applicable]

--- Page 723 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
717 
 
[For the purposes of Payout Condition 3(f)(ii)(A), 
[greater than/greater than or equal to] Initial Value is 
applicable] 
[For the purposes of Payout Condition 3(f)(ii)(B), 
[equal to or less than/less than] Initial Value is 
applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
 
(f) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(g) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 724 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
718 
 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Redemption 
Amount 
4 
(Payout Conditions 3(g) and 
3(h)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(e) 
Barrier Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier Event" 
in the Payout Conditions, [less than or equal to/less 
than] Barrier Event Strike is applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[Valuation Date/Final Pricing Date/FX Valuation 
Date/Final Averaging Date/[⚫] (specify date)] 
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
 
(f) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(g) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not

--- Page 725 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
719 
 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Redemption 
Amount 
5 
(Payout Condition 3(i)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(e) 
Barrier Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier Event" 
in the Payout Conditions, [less than or equal to/less 
than] Barrier Event Strike is applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date)  
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"]

--- Page 726 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
720 
 
 
(f) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(g) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Bonus 
Securities 
(Payout 
Conditions 3(j) and 3(k)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less 
than or equal to/less than] Barrier Performance Strike 
is applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 727 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
721 
 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Performance Strike"] 
 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance (Basket) 
- [Weighted Performance (Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
 
- 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(e) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 728 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
722 
 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Final 
Relevant 
Performance (FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
 
(h) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(j) 
Bonus: 
[⚫] [(expressed as a decimal)] 
 
(k) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(l) 
Linear Feature: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(m) 
PF1: 
[⚫] 
 
(n) 
Strike: 
[⚫] 
 
[(o) 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Asset Performance or Final Relevant 
Performance (Worst)) 
 
[(p) 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Asset Performance or Final Relevant 
Performance (Worst)) 
 
[(q) 
W: 
[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP is 
Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
 
[(r) 
Weighted Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
 
[(s) 
Weighted Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
 
(vii) 
Capped 
Bonus 
Securities 
(Payout Conditions 3(l) and 
3(m)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less 
than or equal to/less than] Barrier Performance Strike 
is applicable]

--- Page 729 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
723 
 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Strike: 
[[⚫]]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Performance Strike"] 
 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance (Basket) 
- [Weighted Performance (Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
 
- 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(e) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of[each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not

--- Page 730 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
724 
 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Final 
Relevant 
Performance (FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
 
(h) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(j) 
Bonus: 
[⚫] 
 
(k) 
Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
(l) 
Linear Feature: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(m) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(n) 
PF1: 
[⚫] 
 
(o) 
Strike: 
[⚫] 
 
[(p) 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Asset Performance or Final Relevant 
Performance (Worst)) 
 
[(q) 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Asset Performance or Final Relevant 
Performance (Worst)) 
 
[(r) 
W: 
[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP is 
Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
 
[(s) 
Weighted Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
 
[(t) 
Weighted Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
 
(viii) 
Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Securities (Payout Conditions 
3(n) and 3(o)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less

--- Page 731 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
725 
 
than or equal to/less than] Barrier Performance Strike 
is applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Performance Strike"] 
 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance (Basket) 
- [Weighted Performance (Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
 
- 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(e) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in

--- Page 732 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
726 
 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Final 
Relevant 
Performance (FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
 
(h) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
[(j) 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Asset Performance or Final Relevant 
Performance (Worst)) 
 
[(k) 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Asset Performance or Final Relevant 
Performance (Worst)) 
 
[(j) 
W: 
[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP is 
Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
 
[(k) 
Weighted Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
 
[(l) 
Weighted Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
 
(ix) 
Reverse Convertible Securities 
(Payout Conditions 3(p) and 
3(q)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Final 
Relevant 
Performance (FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
 
(d) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(f) 
Put Strike: 
[⚫]

--- Page 733 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
727 
 
 
[(g) 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Asset Performance or Final Relevant 
Performance (Worst)) 
 
[(h) 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Asset Performance or Final Relevant 
Performance (Worst)) 
 
[(i) 
W: 
[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP is 
Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
 
[(j) 
Weighted Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
 
[(k) 
Weighted Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
 
(x) 
Discount Securities (Payout 
Condition 3(r)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Final 
Relevant 
Performance (FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(e) 
Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
[(f) 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Asset Performance or Final Relevant 
Performance (Worst)) 
 
[(g) 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Asset Performance or Final Relevant 
Performance (Worst)) 
 
[(h) 
W: 
[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP 
is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
 
[(i) 
Weighted Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
 
[(j) 
Weighted Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
 
(xi) 
Twin Win with Cap (Single 
Reference 
Asset) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(s)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 734 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
728 
 
 
Twin Win with no Cap (Single 
Reference 
Asset) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(t)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
 
(e) 
Cap: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Barrier Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier Event" 
in the Payout Conditions, [less than or equal to/less 
than] Barrier Event Strike is applicable 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[Valuation Date/Final Pricing Date/FX Valuation 
Date/Final Averaging Date/[⚫] (specify date)] 
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
 
(g) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(h) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 735 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
729 
 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Linear Feature: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(l) 
PF1: 
[⚫] 
 
(m) 
Strike: 
[⚫] 
 
(xii) 
Barrier 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount (Single Reference 
Asset) 
(Payout 
Condition 
3(u)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Barrier 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount 
with 
Instalment 
Feature 
(Single 
Reference 
Asset) 
(Payout 
Condition 
3(kkk)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Barrier Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier Event" 
in the Payout Conditions, [less than or equal to/less 
than] Barrier Event Strike is applicable 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 736 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
730 
 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[Valuation Date/Final Pricing Date/FX Valuation 
Date/Final Averaging Date/[⚫] (specify date)] 
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
 
(e) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(f) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Cap: 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Floor: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[(j) 
Instalment Percentage: 
[⚫]] 
 
(xiii) 
ELIOS Redemption Amount 
(Payout Condition 3(v)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 737 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
731 
 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
 
(e) 
Final 
Redemption 
Multiplier: 
[⚫] 
 
(f) 
Final 
Redemption 
Value: 
[⚫] 
 
(g) 
Minimum Redemption 
Value: 
[⚫] 
 
(xiv) 
Best-of 
Bonus 
(Payout 
Condition 3(w)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Bonus: 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(e) 
Barrier Event: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less than 
or equal to/less than] Barrier Event Strike is 
applicable 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
 
(f) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded]

--- Page 738 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
732 
 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(g) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Linear Feature: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(k) 
PF1: 
[⚫] 
 
(l) 
Strike: 
[⚫] 
 
(xv) 
Capped Booster 1 (Payout 
Condition 3(x)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Participation: 
[⚫] 
 
(e) 
Strike: 
[⚫] 
 
(f) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(g) 
Cap: 
[⚫]

--- Page 739 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
733 
 
 
(h) 
Downside Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(i) 
Downside Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
(j) 
FXR: 
[Applicable; For the purposes of the definition of 
"FXR", "Inverse FXR" is [not] applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less 
than or equal to/less than] Barrier Performance Strike 
is applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[Valuation Date/Final Pricing Date/FX Valuation 
Date/Final Averaging Date/[⚫] (specify date)] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Performance Strike"] 
 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance (Basket) 
- [Weighted Performance (Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
 
- 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
 
(l) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(m) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 740 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
734 
 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(n) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Capped Booster 2 (Payout 
Condition 3(y)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Participation: 
[⚫] 
 
(e) 
Strike: 
[⚫] 
 
(f) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(g) 
Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
(h) 
Downside Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(i) 
Downside Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
(j) 
FXR: 
[Applicable; For the purposes of the definition of 
"FXR", Inverse FXR is [not] applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[⚫] 
 
(l) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less 
than or equal to/less than] Barrier Performance Strike 
is applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 741 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
735 
 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[Valuation Date/Final Pricing Date/FX Valuation 
Date/Final Averaging Date/[⚫] (specify date)] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Performance Strike"] 
 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance (Basket) 
- [Weighted Performance (Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
 
- 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
 
(m) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(n) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(o) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Redemption 
Amount 
6 
(Payout Condition 3(z)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 742 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
736 
 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
VCA: 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(e) 
Participation: 
[⚫] 
 
(f) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(g) 
FXR: 
[Applicable; For the purposes of the definition of 
"FXR", "Inverse FXR" is [not] applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Final 
Relevant 
Performance (FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
 
[(i) 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Asset Performance or Final Relevant 
Performance (Worst)) 
 
[(j) 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Asset 
Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Asset Performance or Final Relevant 
Performance (Worst)) 
 
[(k) 
W: 
[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP 
is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
 
[(l) 
Weighted Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
 
[(m) 
Weighted Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph 
if FRP is Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
 
(xviii) Bullish 
Securities 
(Payout 
Condition 3(aa)):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation Amount 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
FBV: 
[Final Value is applicable/High Watermark Level is 
applicable] 
 
(e) 
Protection: 
[⚫] 
 
(f) 
Strike: 
[⚫]

--- Page 743 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
737 
 
 
(g) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(h) 
Participation: 
[⚫] 
 
(xix) 
Redemption at par (Payout 
Condition 3(bb)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Redemption Amount 7 (Single 
Reference 
Asset) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(cc)):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing 
Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
 
(e) 
Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
(f) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(g) 
Knock-In Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of "Knock-In 
Event" in the Payout Conditions, [greater than or 
equal to/greater than] Knock-In Strike is applicable 
 
- 
Knock-In Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Knock-In Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Knock-In 
Reference 
Date Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Knock-In 
Reference 
Date:  
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share] [Index] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Knock-In Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Knock-In Strike"] 
 
(h) 
Knock-In Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Knock-In Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Knock-In Observation 
Period End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less than

--- Page 744 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
738 
 
or equal to/less than] Barrier Event Strike is 
applicable] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
 
(j) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(k) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
-  
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 745 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
739 
 
 
(xxi) 
Redemption Amount 7 (Basket 
of Reference Assets) (Payout 
Condition 3(dd)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
 
(e) 
Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
(f) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(g) 
Knock-In Performance 
Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Knock-In Performance Event" in the Payout 
Conditions, [greater than or equal to/greater than] 
Knock-In Performance Strike is applicable] 
 
- 
Knock-In Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Knock-In Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Knock-In Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Knock-In 
Reference 
Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share] [Index] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Knock-In Performance 
Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Knock-In Performance Strike"] 
 
(h) 
Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Knock-In Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Knock-In Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(i) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier 
Performance 
Event" 
in 
the 
Payout 
Conditions, [less than or equal to/less than] Barrier

--- Page 746 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
740 
 
Performance Strike is applicable] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
 
(j) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(k) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 747 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
741 
 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Call 
Warrants 
(Single 
Reference 
Asset) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(ee)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Call Warrants (Basket of 
Reference 
Assets) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(ff)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Put 
Warrants 
(Single 
Reference 
Asset) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(gg)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Put 
Warrants 
(Basket 
of 
Reference 
Assets) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(hh)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If all of the above are Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Strike: 
[⚫] 
 
(e) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
[(f)  
Aggregate 
Final 
Weighted Asset Return 
(AFWAR): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Applicable for Call 
Warrants (Basket of Reference Assets) or Put 
Warrants (Basket of Reference Assets)) 
 
[(g) 
W: 
[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if Call 
Warrants (Basket of Reference Assets) or Put 
Warrants (Basket of Reference Assets) is applicable) 
 
(xxiii) Delta One (Single Reference 
Asset) 
(Payout 
Condition 
3(ii)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Delta 
One 
(Basket 
of 
Reference 
Assets) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(jj)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value]

--- Page 748 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
742 
 
 
(d) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
[(e) 
W: 
[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if Delta 
One (Basket of Reference Assets) is applicable) 
 
(xxiv) 
Twin Win II with Cap (Payout 
Condition 3(kk)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Twin Win II with no Cap 
(Payout Condition 3(ll)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
 
(e) 
Performance Factor 1: 
[⚫] 
 
(f) 
Performance Factor 2: 
[⚫] 
 
(g) 
Cap: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Barrier Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier Event" 
in the Payout Conditions, [less than or equal to/less 
than] Barrier Event Strike is applicable 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[Valuation Date/Final Pricing Date/FX Valuation 
Date/Final Averaging Date/[⚫] (specify date)] 
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
 
(i) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded]

--- Page 749 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
743 
 
 
(j) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Outperformance 
with 
Cap 
(Payout Condition 3(mm)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Outperformance with no Cap 
(Payout Condition 3(nn)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value (in respect 
of Reference Asset 1): 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Initial Value (in respect 
of Reference Asset 2): 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(e) 
Performance Factor 1: 
[⚫] 
 
(f) 
Performance Factor 2: 
[⚫] 
 
(g) 
Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
(h) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(i) 
Reference Asset 1: 
[⚫] [As set forth in the Reference Asset Table below 
in the column entitled "Reference Asset(s)"]

--- Page 750 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
744 
 
 
(j) 
Reference Asset 2: 
[⚫] [As set forth in the Reference Asset Table below 
in the column entitled "Reference Asset(s)"] 
 
(k) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) 
Redemption Amount 1 (Basket 
of Reference Assets) (Payout 
Condition 3(oo)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[⚫] 
 
(e) 
Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
(f) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(g) 
Final 
Weighted 
Performance: 
[Weighted Performance (Final/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)] 
 
(h) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier 
Performance 
Event" 
in 
the 
Payout 
Conditions, [less than or equal to/less than] Barrier 
Performance Strike is applicable] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 751 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
745 
 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Strike: 
[⚫] 
 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket) 
- 
[Weighted 
Performance (Value/Initial)]/[Weighted Performance 
(Asset Return)] 
 
- 
Value(t) 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
 
(i) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(j) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not

--- Page 752 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
746 
 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Twin Win with Cap (Basket of 
Reference 
Assets) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(pp)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Twin Win with no Cap (Basket 
of Reference Assets) (Payout 
Condition 3(qq)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[⚫] 
 
(e) 
Cap: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Final 
Weighted 
Performance: 
[Weighted Performance (Final/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)] 
 
(g) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less 
than or equal to/less than] Barrier Performance Strike 
is applicable 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Strike: 
[⚫] 
 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket) 
- 
[Weighted 
Performance (Value/Initial)]/[Weighted Performance 
(Asset Return)]

--- Page 753 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
747 
 
 
- 
Value(t) 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
 
(h) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(i) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Barrier 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount (Basket of Reference 
Assets) 
(Payout 
Condition 
3(rr)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value]

--- Page 754 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
748 
 
 
(d) 
Final 
Weighted 
Performance: 
Weighted Performance (Final/Initial) 
 
(e) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less 
than or equal to/less than] Barrier Performance Strike 
is applicable 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Strike: 
[⚫] 
 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
Relevant 
Performance 
(Basket) 
- 
[Weighted 
Performance (Value/Initial)]/[Weighted Performance 
(Asset Return)] 
 
- 
Value(t) 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
 
(f) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(g) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 755 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
749 
 
 
(h) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxix) 
Downside 
Performance 
(Payout Condition 3(ss)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Final 
Relevant 
Performance (FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Asset Performance or Final 
Relevant Performance (Worst), otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Asset Performance or Final 
Relevant Performance (Worst), otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), otherwise delete)] 
 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(e) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
 
(f) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(g) 
Put Strike: 
[⚫] 
 
(h) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier 
Performance 
Event" 
in 
the 
Payout 
Conditions, [less than or equal to/less than] Barrier 
Performance Strike is applicable] [Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 756 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
750 
 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance (Basket) 
- [Weighted Performance (Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)]  
 
- 
Value(t) 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
 
(i) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(j) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not

--- Page 757 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
751 
 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxx) 
Redemption 
Amount 
8 
(Payout Condition 3(tt)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
 
(e) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(xxxi) 
Olympus Redemption Amount 
1 (Payout Condition 3(uu)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Final 
Relevant 
Performance (FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)] 
 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Asset Performance, 
otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Asset Performance, 
otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), otherwise delete)] 
 
[(c) 
W: 
[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP is 
Final Relevant Performance (Basket))] 
 
(d) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial 
Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value]

--- Page 758 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
752 
 
 
(f) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
 
(g) 
Barrier Event 1: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Event 1" in the Payout Conditions, [less than 
or equal to/less than] Barrier Event Strike 1 is 
applicable 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
1: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike 1: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike 1"] 
 
(h) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period 1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date 1: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date 1: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event 2: 
 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Event 2" in the Payout Conditions, [less than 
or equal to/less than] Barrier Event Strike 2 is 
applicable 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
2: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike 2: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike 2"]

--- Page 759 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
753 
 
 
(j) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period 2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date 2: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date 2: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(k) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(m) 
Downside Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
(n) 
DwnPFI: 
[⚫] 
 
(o) 
PF1: 
[⚫] 
 
(p) 
PF2: 
[⚫] 
 
(q) 
UpCAP: 
[⚫] 
 
(r) 
UpPFI: 
[⚫] 
 
(xxxii) Olympus Redemption Amount 
2 (Payout Condition 3(vv)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫]

--- Page 760 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
754 
 
 
(b) 
Final 
Relevant 
Performance (FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)] 
 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Asset Performance, 
otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Asset Performance, 
otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), otherwise delete)] 
 
[(c) 
W: 
[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP is 
Final Relevant Performance (Basket))] 
 
(d) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial 
Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(f) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
 
(g) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Downside Cap: 
[⚫]

--- Page 761 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
755 
 
 
(j) 
DwnPFI: 
[⚫] 
 
(k) 
UpCAP: 
[⚫] 
 
(l) 
UpPFI: 
[⚫] 
 
(xxxiii) Hydra Redemption Amount 
(Payout Condition 3(ww)):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Final 
Relevant 
Performance (FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)] 
 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Asset Performance, 
otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Asset Performance, 
otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), otherwise delete)] 
 
[(c) 
W: 
[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP is 
Final Relevant Performance (Basket))] 
 
(d) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial 
Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(f) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Redemption Barrier"] 
 
(g) 
Barrier Event 1: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Event 1" in the Payout Conditions, [less than 
or equal to/less than] Barrier Event Strike 1 is 
applicable 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
1: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)]

--- Page 762 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
756 
 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike 1: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike 1"] 
 
(h) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period 1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date 1: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date 1: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event 2: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Event 2" in the Payout Conditions, [less than 
or equal to/less than] Barrier Event Strike 2 is 
applicable 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
2: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike 2: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike 2"] 
 
(j) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period 2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date 2: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date 2: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(k) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 763 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
757 
 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(m) 
Linear Feature: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(n) 
Downside Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
(o) 
DwnPFI: 
[⚫] 
 
(p) 
Floor1: 
[⚫] 
 
(q) 
Floor2: 
[⚫] 
 
(r) 
PF1: 
[⚫] 
 
(s) 
PF2: 
[⚫] 
 
(t) 
Strike1: 
[⚫] 
 
(u) 
Strike2: 
[⚫] 
 
(v) 
UpCAP: 
[⚫] 
 
(w) 
UpPFI: 
[⚫] 
 
(xxxiv) Leveraged 
Put 
(Single 
Reference 
Asset) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(xx)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial 
Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Put Strike: 
[⚫] 
 
(e) 
Strike: 
[⚫] 
 
(f) 
Floor: 
[⚫]

--- Page 764 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
758 
 
 
(xxxv) Leveraged Put (Basket of 
Reference 
Assets) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(yy)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Final 
Relevant 
Performance (FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Asset Performance or Final 
Relevant Performance (Worst), otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Asset Performance or Final 
Relevant Performance (Worst), otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), otherwise delete)] 
 
[(c) 
W: 
[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP is 
Final Relevant Performance (Basket))] 
 
(d) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial 
Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(f) 
Put Strike: 
[⚫] 
 
(g) 
Strike: 
[⚫] 
 
(h) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(xxxvi) Market Participation (Payout 
Condition 3(zz)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
CapUp: 
[Applicable – [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Final 
Relevant 
Performance (FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)]

--- Page 765 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
759 
 
 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Asset Performance or Final 
Relevant Performance (Worst), otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Asset Performance or Final 
Relevant Performance (Worst), otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), otherwise delete)] 
 
[(d) 
W: 
[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP is 
Final Relevant Performance (Basket))] 
 
(e) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial 
Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(g) 
FloorDown: 
[⚫] 
 
(h) 
PPDown: 
[⚫] 
 
(i) 
PPUp: 
[⚫] 
 
(xxxvii) Outperformance II with Cap 
(Payout Condition 3(aaa)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement/Cash Settlement and/or Physical 
Settlement] 
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial 
Reference 
Asset 
Closing 
Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(e) 
Participation: 
[⚫] 
 
(f) 
Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
(xxxviii) Outperformance II with no 
Cap 
(Payout 
Condition 
3(bbb)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement/Cash Settlement and/or Physical 
Settlement] 
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 766 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
760 
 
 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(e) 
Participation: 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
 
(xxxix) Double Barrier without Rebate 
(Payout Condition 3(ccc)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Double Barrier Event 1: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Double Barrier Event 1" in the Payout Conditions, 
[greater than or equal to/greater than] Barrier Event 
Strike 1 is applicable 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
1: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike 1: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike 1"] 
 
(e) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period 1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date 1: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date 1: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(f) 
Double Barrier Event 2: 
 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Double Barrier Event 2" in the Payout Conditions, 
[less than or equal to/less than] Barrier Event Strike 2 
is applicable 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 767 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
761 
 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
2: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike 2: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike 2"] 
 
(g) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period 2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date 2: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date 2: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(h) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Participation: 
[⚫] 
 
(k) 
Protection: 
[⚫] 
 
(xl) 
Double Barrier with Rebate 
(Payout Condition 3(ddd)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 768 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
762 
 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Double Barrier Event 1: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Double Barrier Event 1" in the Payout Conditions, 
[greater than or equal to/greater than] Barrier Event 
Strike 1 is applicable 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
1: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike 1: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike 1"] 
 
(e) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period 1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date 1: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date 1: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(f) 
Double Barrier Event 2: 
 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Double Barrier Event 2" in the Payout Conditions, 
[less than or equal to/less than] Barrier Event Strike 2 
is applicable 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
2: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)]

--- Page 769 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
763 
 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike 2: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike 2"] 
 
(g) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period 2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date 2: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date 2: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(h) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Participation: 
[⚫] 
 
(k) 
Protection: 
[⚫] 
 
(l) 
Rebate: 
[⚫] 
 
(xli) 
Lock-in Event Redemption 
(Payout Condition 3(eee)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 770 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
764 
 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Put Strike: 
[⚫] 
 
(e) 
Final 
Relevant 
Performance (FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Asset Performance or Final 
Relevant Performance (Worst), otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Asset Performance or Final 
Relevant Performance (Worst), otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), otherwise delete)] 
 
[(f) 
W: 
[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP 
is Final Relevant Performance (Basket))] 
 
(g) 
Barrier Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier Event" 
in the Payout Conditions, [less than or equal to/less 
than] Barrier Event Strike is applicable 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[Valuation Date/Final Pricing Date/FX Valuation 
Date/Final Averaging Date/[⚫] (specify date)] 
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
 
(h) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(i) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in

--- Page 771 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
765 
 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Coupon Lock-in Event 
for Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Lock-in Event: 
[Applicable: for the purposes of the definition of 
"Lock-in Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less than 
or equal to Lock-in Level] / [greater than or equal to 
Lock-in Level] / [less than Lock-in Level] / [greater 
than Lock-in Level] is applicable] 
/[Not Applicable: Coupon Lock-in Event for 
Redemption applies] 
 
(m) 
Lock-in Level: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Lock-in Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Asset and/or the relevant Lock-in 
Valuation Date] [Not Applicable] 
 
(n) 
Lock-in 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Each Periodic Valuation Date/Each Periodic Pricing 
Date/[ ⚫] (specify date)/Each date set forth in the 
Reference Asset Table in the column entitled "Lock-
in Valuation Date" corresponding to the relevant 
Reference Asset]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xlii) 
Reverse 
Trigger 
(Payout 
Condition 3(fff)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less 
than or equal to/less than] Barrier Performance Strike 
is applicable]

--- Page 772 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
766 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Performance Strike"] 
 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance (Basket) 
- [Weighted Performance (Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
 
- 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
 
(c) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(d) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not

--- Page 773 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
767 
 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Final 
Relevant 
Performance (FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)] 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Asset Performance or Final 
Relevant Performance (Worst), otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Asset Performance or Final 
Relevant Performance (Worst), otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), otherwise delete)] 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), otherwise delete)] 
[(g) 
W: 
[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP is 
Final Relevant Performance (Basket))] 
 
(h) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing 
Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(j) 
Reverse Trigger Bonus: 
[⚫] [(expressed as a decimal)] 
 
(k) 
Participation: 
[⚫] 
 
(l) 
Cap: 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(m)  
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(xliii) 
Buffered Return Enhanced 
(Single 
Reference 
Asset) 
(Payout Condition 3(ggg)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Redemption Barrier: 
[[⚫] per cent. of the Initial Value of the Reference 
Asset/[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in 
the column entitled "Redemption Barrier"]

--- Page 774 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
768 
 
 
(e) 
Cap: 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(g) 
Upside Gearing: 
[⚫] 
 
(h) 
Downside Gearing: 
[As specified in the definition of Downside Gearing 
in 
Payout 
Condition 
4 
(Definitions 
and 
Interpretation)]/[⚫] 
 
(i) 
Buffer Percentage: 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xliv) 
Barrier 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount (Basket of Reference 
Assets with Single Reference 
Asset 
Knock-In) 
(Payout 
Condition 3(hhh)):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(e) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(f) 
Single of a Basket 
Knock-In Event: 
For the purposes of the definition of "Single of a 
Basket Knock-In Event" in the Payout Conditions, 
[greater than or equal to/greater than] Single of a 
Basket Knock-In Strike is applicable 
 
- 
Single of a Basket 
Knock-In Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Single of a Basket 
Knock-In Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Single of a Basket 
Knock-In 
Reference 
Date Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Single of a Basket 
Knock-In 
Reference 
Date:  
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share] [Index] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Single of a Basket 
Knock-In Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike"]

--- Page 775 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
769 
 
 
(g) 
Single of a Basket 
Knock-In Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Single of a Basket 
Knock-In Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Single of a Basket 
Knock-In Observation 
Period End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(h) 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of 
"Barrier Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less than 
or equal to/less than] Barrier Event Strike is 
applicable] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier Event Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
 
(i) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(j) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 776 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
770 
 
 
(k) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
-  
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xlv) 
Barrier Performance Event 
Redemption Amount (Basket 
of Reference Assets with 
Single 
Reference 
Asset 
Knock-In) (Payout Condition 
3(iii)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Knock-In 
Best 
Performance Strike: 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Event: 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in the Payout Conditions, [less 
than or equal to/less than] Barrier Performance Strike 
is applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Share,] [Index,] 
[Commodity Index,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] 
[the/each] [Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] 
[the/each] [FX Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final 
Averaging Date] [⚫] (specify date) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Strike: 
[[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Performance Strike"] 
 
- 
Relevant Performance: 
[Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance (Basket) 
- [Weighted Performance (Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)]/[Relevant Performance (Best)]

--- Page 777 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
771 
 
 
- 
Value(t): 
[Reference Asset Closing Value/Reference Asset 
Intra-Day Value] 
 
(d) 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Barrier 
Performance 
Observation 
Period 
End Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(e) 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] Fund Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the[: [(i)]] Share Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Share] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Index] [and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] FX Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable: [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Final 
Relevant 
Performance (FRP): 
[Final 
Asset 
Performance/Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Basket)/Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst)/Final Relevant Performance (Best)] 
 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Asset Performance, Final 
Relevant Performance (Best) or Final Relevant 
Performance (Worst), otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Asset Performance, Final 
Relevant Performance (Best) or Final Relevant 
Performance (Worst), otherwise delete)] 
 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Final/Initial): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), otherwise delete)]

--- Page 778 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
772 
 
 
[- 
Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset Return): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if 
FRP is specified as Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket), otherwise delete)] 
 
[(h) 
W: 
[⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset Table in the 
column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP is 
Final Relevant Performance (Basket))] 
 
(i) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(k) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(xlvi) 
Drop 
Back 
Redemption 
Amount (Payout Condition 
3(jjj)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement: 
[Cash Settlement is applicable/Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Settlement is applicable] 
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Asset 
Closing Value/Initial 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value] 
 
(e) 
Number 
of 
Trigger 
Levels: 
[⚫] 
 
(f) 
DB Total Number of 
Days: 
[⚫] 
 
(g) 
Allocation (i): 
[ ⚫] / [The amount set forth in the Drop Back 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Allocation 
(i)" corresponding to the relevant "i"] 
 
(h) 
Trigger Level (i): 
[ ⚫] / [The amount set forth in the Drop Back 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Trigger 
Level (i)" corresponding to the relevant "i"] 
 
(i) 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(j) 
Observation 
Period 
(Drop Back): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
(Drop Back) Start Date: 
[⚫], [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
(Drop Back) End Date: 
[⚫],[Included/Excluded] 
 
[Insert, if appropriate: Drop Back Redemption Table] 
 
i 
Allocation (i) 
Trigger Level (i)

--- Page 779 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
773 
 
1 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[2] 
[⚫] 
(insert amount, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[⚫] 
(insert amount, repeat as 
appropriate) 
 
(xlvii) Currency Conversion (Payout 
Condition 3(lll)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Converted Currency: 
[⚫]

--- Page 780 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
774 
 
REFERENCE ASSET LINKED CONDITIONS 
REFERENCE ASSET TABLE* 
Reference 
Asset(s) 
[Referen
ce Asset 
Category
] 
[Bloombe
rg / ISIN] 
[Exchange
(s)/ 
Related 
Exchange(
s)] 
[Type of 
FX Rate] 
[Reference 
Currency] 
[Base 
Currency] 
[Initi
al 
Valu
e] 
[Coup
on 
Barrie
r 
Level] 
[Coup
on 
Level] 
[Low 
Barrie
r] 
[Barrier 
Event 
Strike/ 
Barrier 
Event 
Strike 
1/ 
Barrier 
Event 
Strike 
2/ 
Barrier 
Performan
ce Strike] 
[High 
Barrier] 
[[Single of 
a 
Basket] 
Knock-In 
Strike/Kno
ck-In 
Performan
ce Strike] 
[Enhanced 
Coupon 
Level]/[Co
upon 
Lock-in 
Level] 
[Enhance
d Coupon 
Referenc
e 
Asset(s)] 
[Early 
Redempt
ion 
[Barrier]
/[Strike]] 
[Daily 
Observatio
n 
Early 
Redemptio
n 
Barrier 
Level] 
[Redempt
ion 
Barrier] 
[Numb
er 
of 
Refere
nce 
Assets] 
[Fixing 
Price 
Sponso
r] 
[Round
ed 
Numbe
r 
of 
Refere
nce 
Assets] 
[FX 
Price 
Source] 
 
[FX 
Valuati
on 
Time] 
[Resid
ual 
Amoun
t] [FX 
Financ
ial 
Centre
] 
[W] 
[⚫] (Name 
of Share(s) 
/Fund(s)** 
/ Exchange 
Traded 
Fund(s) 
/ 
Index(ices)
*** 
/ 
Commodity
(ies) 
/ 
Commodity 
Index(ices) 
/ FX Rates) 
 
[("Referen
ce 
Asset 
1")] 
(specify for 
Outperfor
mance with 
Cap 
(Payout 
Condition 
3(mm))), 
Outperfor
mance with 
no 
Cap 
(Payout 
Condition 
3(nn)), 
Outperfor
[Coupon 
Reference 
Asset]/[E
arly 
Redempti
on 
Reference 
Asset]/[S
ecurity 
Redempti
on 
Reference 
Asset] 
[Bloomber
g Code: [⚫
]; ISIN(s): 
[⚫]] 
[[Exchange
(s): [⚫] 
Related 
Exchange(s
): [⚫]] 
[Base 
Currency/
Reference 
Currency 
Rate 
/ 
Fixing 
Rate 
/ 
Inverse 
Base 
Currency/
Reference 
Currency 
Rate] [For 
the 
purposes 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
FX 
Rate, the 
relevant 
exchange 
rate shall 
be the mid 
exchange 
rate] 
Reference 
Currency: [
⚫]] 
[Base 
Currency: [
⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Enhanced 
Coupon 
Level 1: [⚫
]]/[Enhance
d 
Coupon 
Level 2: [⚫
]]/[⚫] 
[Enhance
d Coupon 
Reference 
Asset 
1]/[Enhan
ced 
Coupon 
Reference 
Asset 2] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] /  
[FX 
Price 
Source: 
[⚫] 
FX 
Valuati
on 
Time: [
⚫]] 
[⚫] 
[In 
respect of 
Payout 
Condition 
[1/2/3]] [
⚫] 
 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary
)

--- Page 781 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
775 
 
Reference 
Asset(s) 
[Referen
ce Asset 
Category
] 
[Bloombe
rg / ISIN] 
[Exchange
(s)/ 
Related 
Exchange(
s)] 
[Type of 
FX Rate] 
[Reference 
Currency] 
[Base 
Currency] 
[Initi
al 
Valu
e] 
[Coup
on 
Barrie
r 
Level] 
[Coup
on 
Level] 
[Low 
Barrie
r] 
[Barrier 
Event 
Strike/ 
Barrier 
Event 
Strike 
1/ 
Barrier 
Event 
Strike 
2/ 
Barrier 
Performan
ce Strike] 
[High 
Barrier] 
[[Single of 
a 
Basket] 
Knock-In 
Strike/Kno
ck-In 
Performan
ce Strike] 
[Enhanced 
Coupon 
Level]/[Co
upon 
Lock-in 
Level] 
[Enhance
d Coupon 
Referenc
e 
Asset(s)] 
[Early 
Redempt
ion 
[Barrier]
/[Strike]] 
[Daily 
Observatio
n 
Early 
Redemptio
n 
Barrier 
Level] 
[Redempt
ion 
Barrier] 
[Numb
er 
of 
Refere
nce 
Assets] 
[Fixing 
Price 
Sponso
r] 
[Round
ed 
Numbe
r 
of 
Refere
nce 
Assets] 
[FX 
Price 
Source] 
 
[FX 
Valuati
on 
Time] 
[Resid
ual 
Amoun
t] [FX 
Financ
ial 
Centre
] 
[W] 
mance with 
Cap 
(Payout 
Condition 
3(mm)), 
Outperfor
mance with 
no 
Cap 
(Payout 
Condition 
3(nn)): 
 
[⚫] (Name 
of Share(s) 
/ Fund(s) / 
Exchange 
Traded 
Fund(s)** / 
Index(ices)
*** 
/ 
Commodity
(ies) 
/ 
Commodity 
Index(ices) 
/ FX Rates) 
 
[("Referen
ce 
Asset 
2")] 
(specify for 
Outperfor
mance with 
Cap 
(Payout 
Condition 
3(mm) and

--- Page 782 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
776 
 
Reference 
Asset(s) 
[Referen
ce Asset 
Category
] 
[Bloombe
rg / ISIN] 
[Exchange
(s)/ 
Related 
Exchange(
s)] 
[Type of 
FX Rate] 
[Reference 
Currency] 
[Base 
Currency] 
[Initi
al 
Valu
e] 
[Coup
on 
Barrie
r 
Level] 
[Coup
on 
Level] 
[Low 
Barrie
r] 
[Barrier 
Event 
Strike/ 
Barrier 
Event 
Strike 
1/ 
Barrier 
Event 
Strike 
2/ 
Barrier 
Performan
ce Strike] 
[High 
Barrier] 
[[Single of 
a 
Basket] 
Knock-In 
Strike/Kno
ck-In 
Performan
ce Strike] 
[Enhanced 
Coupon 
Level]/[Co
upon 
Lock-in 
Level] 
[Enhance
d Coupon 
Referenc
e 
Asset(s)] 
[Early 
Redempt
ion 
[Barrier]
/[Strike]] 
[Daily 
Observatio
n 
Early 
Redemptio
n 
Barrier 
Level] 
[Redempt
ion 
Barrier] 
[Numb
er 
of 
Refere
nce 
Assets] 
[Fixing 
Price 
Sponso
r] 
[Round
ed 
Numbe
r 
of 
Refere
nce 
Assets] 
[FX 
Price 
Source] 
 
[FX 
Valuati
on 
Time] 
[Resid
ual 
Amoun
t] [FX 
Financ
ial 
Centre
] 
[W] 
Outperfor
mance with 
no 
Cap 
(Payout 
Condition 
3(nn))
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(*insert if required, in the case of Indices, additional columns "Type of Index" and "Index Sponsor(s)", in the case of Commodity Indices, additional columns "Commodity Index Sponsor(s)", and in any case, as required where there are two or more 
Reference Assets and in addition, insert if required, in the case where "Lock-in Event Redemption" is applicable, additional columns "Lock-in Level" and "Lock-in Valuation Date") 
 
(**The underlying fund must be a UCITS or an investment fund authorised by the Central Bank of Ireland or the competent authority of another EU member state deemed equivalent by Euronext Dublin.) 
 
(***The index or basket of indices shall not include an index composed by the Issuer or any legal entity belonging to the group of the Issuer.)

--- Page 783 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
777 
 
SHARE LINKED PROVISIONS 
40. 
Share Linked Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of [each/the] 
Share]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Single Share or basket of Shares: 
[In respect of Payout Condition [1/2/3] - 
][Single Share / Basket of Shares] 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
(ii) 
Share(s): 
[[⚫] (specify name of Share)/As set forth in 
the Reference Asset Table above in the 
column entitled "Reference Asset(s)"/[and] 
Share of Exchange Traded Fund(s)] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: [⚫]; ISIN(s): [⚫]] 
 
(iii) 
Exchange Traded Fund(s): 
[[ ⚫] (specify name of Exchange Traded 
Fund)/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table above in the column entitled 
"Reference Asset(s)"/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
[[ ⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table above in the column entitled 
"Exchange(s)"] 
 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[ ⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table above in the column entitled "Related 
Exchange(s)"/All Exchanges] 
 
(vi) 
Initial Share Price: 
[Share 
Price/Share 
Strike 
Price/Not 
Applicable] [As set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"] 
 
(vii) 
Initial Reference Asset Closing Value 
[Applicable, [Initial Closing Share Price/ 
Lowest Initial Closing Share Price/ Lowest 
Initial Closing Share Price (Specified 
Observation Dates)/ Initial Average Share 
Price] / Not Applicable] 
(If specified as Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
[Initial Closing Share Price: 
[Applicable [, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"]/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Lowest Initial Closing Share Price: 
[Applicable [, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"]/Not Applicable]] 
(If specified as Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph)

--- Page 784 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
778 
 
 
- 
Initial Observation Period Start 
Date: 
[⚫] - [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Initial Observation Period End 
Date: 
Initial Valuation Date - [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
Applicable, as specified in the Share Linked 
Provisions in respect of [each/the] Share 
 
- 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[In respect of the Initial Observation Period, 
[⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Lowest Initial Closing Share Price 
(Specified Observation Dates): 
[Applicable [, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"]/Not Applicable] 
(If specified as Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation Date(s): 
[⚫]] 
 
[Initial Average Share Price: 
[Applicable [, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"]/Not Applicable]] 
 
(viii) 
Initial Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[⚫]] 
 
(ix) 
Coupon 
[Valuation/Observation] 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/ [⚫] / Each date set forth in 
the Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon [Valuation/Observation] 
Date(s)"] 
 
(x) 
Periodic Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[
⚫]]/ [Each] Early 
Redemption Valuation Date 
 
(xi) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / [⚫]] 
 
(xii) 
Averaging Dates: 
[Not Applicable /  
In respect of the [Initial Valuation Date] 
/[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] /[Valuation 
Date] scheduled to fall on [⚫]/[⚫] (insert 
relevant Initial Valuation Date, Coupon 
Valuation 
Date, 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date 
or 
Valuation 
Date 
corresponding to the relevant set of 
Averaging Dates)]: 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]] 
[Each Observation Date (Closing Valuation) 
falling in the Averaging Observation Period 
in respect of [such] [Initial Valuation Date] 
/[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] /[Valuation 
Date]/ [⚫]:  
- 
[Averaging Observation Period: 
Applicable in respect of [such] 
[Initial Valuation Date] /[Coupon

--- Page 785 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
779 
 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [⚫] 
- 
Averaging 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: [⚫] in respect of [such] 
[Initial Valuation Date] /[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [⚫] 
- 
Averaging Observation Period End 
Date: [⚫]in respect of [such] [Initial 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [⚫] 
- 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
Applicable, 
as 
specified in the Share Linked 
Provisions in respect of [each/the] 
Share 
- 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): [In respect of 
the Averaging Observation Period, 
[⚫]]/[Not Applicable]]]] 
(repeat as necessary)] 
 
(xiii) 
Final Averaging Date: 
[Not Applicable /  
In respect of the [Initial Valuation Date] 
/[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] /[Valuation 
Date] scheduled to fall on [⚫]/[⚫] (insert 
relevant Initial Valuation Date, Coupon 
Valuation 
Date, 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date 
or 
Valuation 
Date 
corresponding to the relevant set of 
Averaging Dates)]: 
The Averaging Date scheduled to fall on [⚫
] 
(repeat as necessary) 
/ As specified in Share Linked Provision 10 
(Definitions)] 
 
(xiv) 
Valuation Time: 
[As specified in Share Linked Provision 10 
(Definitions)/[⚫] (specify time)] 
 
(xv) 
Single Share and Reference Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Share Linked 
Provision 1.1 [in respect of [the]/[each] 
[Initial Valuation Date]/[Coupon Valuation 
Date(s)]/[Periodic 
Valuation 
Date(s)]/[Valuation 
Date]/[Specified 
Observation Date(s)]]]

--- Page 786 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
780 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Single Share and Averaging Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Share Linked 
Provision 1.2 / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Share Basket and Reference Dates:  
[Applicable: as specified in Share Linked 
Provision 1.3 [in respect of [the]/[each] 
[Initial Valuation Date]/[Coupon Valuation 
Date(s)]/[Periodic 
Valuation 
Date(s)]/[Valuation 
Date]/[Specified 
Observation Date(s)]]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Share Basket and Averaging Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Share Linked 
Provision 1.4 / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Share Linked Provision 10 (Definitions)/ 
Zero / None / [⚫] (specify number of days)] 
 
(xx) 
Fallback Valuation Date: 
[Applicable: [⚫] (specify date(s)) / Default 
Fallback Valuation Date as specified in 
Share Linked Provision 10 (Definitions)/ 
Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Change in Law - Increased Cost: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Partial 
Lookthrough 
Depositary 
Receipts Provisions: 
[Applicable to [insert name of Share(s)]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) 
Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipts 
Provisions: 
[Applicable to [insert name of Share(s)]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Market Disruption Event – NAV 
Temporary Publication Suspension 
(ETF): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 787 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
781 
 
 
(xxviii) Extraordinary 
Events 
– 
NAV 
Publication Suspension (ETF): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxix) 
Extraordinary Events – Underlying 
Index Cancellation (ETF): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxx) 
Extraordinary Events – Underlying 
Index Modification (ETF): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxi) 
ETF 
– 
Successor 
Index 
Event 
Provision: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxii) Extraordinary Events – Delisting: 
[As specified in Share Linked Provision 10 
(Definitions)] / [Re-listing Exchange(s): [⚫]] 
INDEX LINKED PROVISIONS 
41. 
Index Linked Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of [each/the] 
Index]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Single Index or basket of Indices: 
[In respect of Payout Condition [1/2/3] - 
][Single Index / Basket of Indices] 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
(ii) 
Index/Indices: 
[[⚫] (specify name of Index) / As set forth in 
the Reference Asset Table above in the 
column entitled "Reference Asset(s)"] 
(Where a Final Terms is prepared, the index 
or basket of indices shall not include an 
index composed by the Issuer or any legal 
entity belonging to the group of the Issuer) 
 
(iii) 
Type of Index: 
[Unitary Index / Multi-Exchange Index / As 
set forth in the Reference Asset Table above 
in the column entitled "Type of Index"] 
 
 
(This may not include an index composed or 
provided by the Issuers, by any legal entity 
belonging to their group or by a legal entity 
or a natural person acting in association 
with or on behalf of the Issuers) 
 
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
[[ ⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table above in the column entitled 
"Exchange(s)" [in respect of each Unitary 
Index] (specify for each Unitary Index) / As 
specified in Index Linked Provision 8 
(Definitions) [in respect of each Multi-
Exchange Index] (specify for each Multi-
Exchange Index)] 
 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[ ⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table above in the column entitled "Related 
Exchange(s)"/All Exchanges] 
 
(vi) 
Index Sponsor(s): 
[[⚫] / As specified in Index Linked Provision 
8 (Definitions)/ As set forth in the Reference

--- Page 788 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
782 
 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Index Sponsor(s)"] 
 
(vii) 
Initial Index Level: 
[Index Level / Index Strike Level / Not 
Applicable] [as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"] 
 
(viii) 
Initial Reference Asset Closing Value: 
[Applicable, 
[Initial 
Closing 
Index 
Level/Lowest Initial Closing Index Level/ 
Lowest 
Initial 
Closing 
Index 
Level 
(Specified 
Observation 
Dates)/ 
Initial 
Average Index Level] / Not Applicable] 
(If specified as Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
[Initial Closing Index Level: 
[Applicable [, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"][,being the Closing Index 
Level (as specified in Index Linked 
Provision 8 (Definitions)) on the Initial 
Valuation Date]/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Lowest Initial Closing Index Level: 
[Applicable [, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"]/Not Applicable] 
(If specified as Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Initial Observation Period Start 
Date: 
[⚫] - [Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Initial Observation Period End 
Date: 
Initial 
Valuation 
Date 
- 
[Included/Excluded] 
 
- 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
Applicable, as specified in the Index Linked 
Provisions in respect of [each/the] Index 
 
- 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[In respect of the Initial Observation Period, 
[⚫]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Lowest Initial Closing Index Level 
(Specified Observation Dates): 
[Applicable [, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"]/Not Applicable] 
(If specified as Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Observation Date(s): 
[⚫]] 
 
[Initial Average Index Level: 
[Applicable [, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"]/Not Applicable]] 
 
(ix) 
Initial Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / [⚫]]

--- Page 789 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
783 
 
 
(x) 
Coupon 
[Valuation/Observation] 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / [⚫] / Each date set forth in 
the Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon [Valuation/Observation] 
Date(s)"] 
 
(xi) 
Periodic Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / [ ⚫]/ [Each] Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] 
 
(xii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / [⚫]] 
 
(xiii) 
Averaging Dates: 
[Not Applicable /  
In respect of the [Initial Valuation Date] 
/[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] /[Valuation 
Date] scheduled to fall on [⚫]/[⚫] (insert 
relevant Initial Valuation Date, Coupon 
Valuation 
Date, 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date 
or 
Valuation 
Date 
corresponding to the relevant set of 
Averaging Dates)]: 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]] 
[Each Observation Date (Closing Valuation) 
falling in the Averaging Observation Period 
in respect of [such] [Initial Valuation Date] 
/[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] /[Valuation 
Date]/ [⚫]:  
- 
[Averaging Observation Period: 
Applicable in respect of [such] 
[Initial Valuation Date] /[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [⚫] 
- 
Averaging 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: [⚫] in respect of [such] 
[Initial Valuation Date] /[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [⚫] 
- 
Averaging Observation Period End 
Date: [ ⚫] in respect of [such] 
[Initial Valuation Date] /[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [⚫] 
- 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
Applicable, 
as 
specified in the Index Linked 
Provisions in respect of [each/the] 
Index 
- 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): [In respect of

--- Page 790 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
784 
 
the Averaging Observation Period, 
[⚫]]/[Not Applicable]]]] 
 
(repeat as necessary)] 
 
(xiv) 
Final Averaging Date: 
[Not Applicable /  
In respect of the [Initial Valuation Date] 
/[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] /[Valuation 
Date] scheduled to fall on [⚫]/[⚫] (insert 
relevant Initial Valuation Date, Coupon 
Valuation 
Date, 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date 
or 
Valuation 
Date 
corresponding to the relevant set of 
Averaging Dates)]: 
The Averaging Date scheduled to fall on [⚫
] 
(repeat as necessary) 
/ As specified in Index Linked Provision 8 
(Definitions)] 
 
(xv) 
Valuation Time: 
[As specified in Index Linked Provision 8 
(Definitions)/ [⚫] (specify time)] 
 
(xvi) 
Single Index and Reference Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Index Linked 
Provision 1.1 [in respect of [the]/[each] 
[Initial Valuation Date]/[Coupon Valuation 
Date(s)]/[Periodic 
Valuation 
Date(s)]/[Valuation 
Date]/[Specified 
Observation Date(s)]]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Single Index and Averaging Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Index Linked 
Provision 1.2 / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Index Basket and Reference Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Index Linked 
Provision 1.3 [in respect of [the]/[each] 
[Initial Valuation Date]/[Coupon Valuation 
Date(s)]/[Periodic 
Valuation 
Date(s)]/[Valuation 
Date]/[Specified 
Observation Date(s)]]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Index Basket and Averaging Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Index Linked 
Provision 1.4 / Not Applicable]

--- Page 791 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
785 
 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Index Linked Provision 8 (Definitions)/ 
Zero / None / [⚫] (specify number of days)] 
 
(xxi) 
Fallback Valuation Date: 
[Applicable: [⚫] (specify date(s)) / Default 
Fallback Valuation Date as specified in 
Index Linked Provision 8 (Definitions)/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Change in Law - Increased Cost: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Notwithstanding the above, if "Belgian 
Securities Annex" is specified to be applicable, 
delete the above in its entirety and replace with 
the following:) 
 
 
[Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(xxiii) Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Should be 
"Not Applicable" if "Belgian Securities 
Annex" is specified to be applicable) 
COMMODITY LINKED PROVISIONS 
42. 
Commodity Linked Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of [each/the] 
Commodity [Index]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Commodity/ies 
or 
Commodity 
Index/ices: 
[Commodity/ies / Commodity Index/ices] 
 
(ii) 
Securities are linked to one or more 
Commodities: 
[Yes / No] (If No, delete the sub-paragraphs 
below) 
 
(a) 
Name of Commodity(ies): 
[[⚫] (specify name of Commodity)/As set 
forth in the Reference Asset Table above in 
the column entitled "Reference Asset(s)"] 
 
(b) 
Futures Contract: 
[[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Commodity Reference Price(s): 
In respect of [a Pricing Date/[ ⚫] (other 
relevant date)], the [Specified Price per Unit 
of the Commodity on the relevant Exchange 
[for delivery on the Delivery Date,] stated in 
the Specified Price Currency (being [ ⚫] 
(specify currency), as made public by the 
Exchange on that [Pricing Date/[⚫] (other 
relevant date)] / Specified Price per Unit of 
the Commodity [for the Delivery Date,] 
stated in the Specified Price Currency (being 
[ ⚫] (specify currency), published or

--- Page 792 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
786 
 
displayed on the Price Source that publishes 
or displays prices effective on that [Pricing 
Date/[⚫] (other relevant date)]] 
 
(d) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(e) 
Specified Price(s): 
[high price / low price / average of high price 
and low price / closing price / opening price 
/ bid price / asked price / average of bid price 
and asked price / settlement price / official 
settlement price / official price / morning 
fixing / afternoon fixing / spot price / official 
closing price] 
 
(f) 
Unit(s): 
[Not Applicable / [ ⚫] (Specify unit of 
measure of the relevant Commodity)] 
 
(g) 
Delivery Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / [⚫]] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Futures Contract – Expiry Date 
Roll: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Futures Contract – Delivery 
Date Roll: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Price Source(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(i) 
Screen Page: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Commodity 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Bullion Business 
Day Convention: 
[Following / Modified Following / Nearest / 
Preceding / No Adjustment] 
 
(repeat (a)-(j) as necessary where there two or 
more Commodities) 
 
 
(iii) 
Commodity Price: 
[Commodity Low Price/Commodity High 
Price/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Initial Commodity Price: 
[Commodity 
Price/Commodity 
Strike 
Price/Not Applicable] [as set forth in the 
Reference Asset Table above in the column 
entitled "Initial Value"] 
 
(v) 
Initial Commodity Reference Price: 
[Applicable[, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Initial Pricing Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[⚫][, subject to adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Commodity 
Business Day Convention/Bullion Business 
Day Convention/Trading Day Convention]] 
 
(vii) 
Coupon 
[Valuation/Observation] 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[⚫]/ Each date set forth in 
the Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon Valuation/ Observation 
Date(s)"] [, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the [Commodity Business

--- Page 793 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
787 
 
Day Convention/Bullion Business Day 
Convention/Trading Day Convention]] 
 
(viii) 
Periodic Pricing Date(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/[
⚫
]/[Each] 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Date][, subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Commodity 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Bullion 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Trading Day Convention]] 
 
(ix) 
Final Pricing Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[⚫][, subject to adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Commodity 
Business Day Convention/Bullion Business 
Day Convention/Trading Day Convention]] 
 
(x) 
Market 
Disruption 
Events 
for 
Securities linked to one or more 
Commodities: 
 
 
(a) 
Disappearance of Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Material Change in Content: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Material Change in Formula: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Price Source Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Price Materiality Percentage: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable - [⚫]] 
 
(f) 
Trading Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Tax Disruption: 
[Applicable: Initial Pricing Date / Issue Date 
/ Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Disruption Fallbacks for Securities 
linked to one or more Commodities: 
 
 
(a) 
Fallback Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – to be applied 
[first / second / third / fourth / fifth / sixth: 
alternate Commodity Reference Price(s) - [
⚫]] 
 
(b) 
Delayed 
Publication 
or 
Announcement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – to be applied 
[first / second / third / fourth / fifth / sixth]] 
 
(c) 
Postponement: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – to be applied 
[first / second / third / fourth / fifth / sixth]: 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption 
- 
[[Five/specify 
other 
number] 
[Commodity/Bullion] Business Days as 
specified in Commodity Linked Provision 
14 (Definitions)]  
 
(d) 
Fallback Reference Dealers: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – to be applied 
[first / second / third / fourth / fifth / sixth: 
[Bullion] Reference Dealers - [⚫]] 
 
(e) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – to be applied 
[first / second / third / fourth / fifth / sixth]] 
 
(xii) 
Common Pricing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 794 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
788 
 
 
(xiii) 
Fallback Pricing Date: 
[Applicable: specify date(s) / Default 
Fallback Pricing Date as specified in 
Commodity Linked Provision 6 / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Commodity Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable: Trade Date/Issue Date/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[The Trade Date is [⚫]] 
 
(a) 
Early redemption following 
Commodity 
Hedging 
Disruption 
– 
Redemption 
Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Commodity 
Hedging 
Disruption – Hedging Entity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Change in Law - Increased Cost: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Securities are linked to one or more 
Commodity Indices: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Name of Commodity Index / 
Indices: 
[[ ⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table above] 
 
(b) 
Commodity Index Sponsor(s): 
[[⚫] / As specified in Commodity Linked 
Provision 14 (Definitions)] 
 
(c) 
Commodity 
Index 
Sponsor 
Business Centre(s): 
[[ ⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table above] 
 
(d) 
Trading Day Convention: 
[Following / Modified Following / Nearest / 
Preceding / No Adjustment] 
 
(e) 
Initial Commodity Index Level: 
[Commodity Index Level / Commodity 
Index Strike Level] [as set forth in the 
Reference Asset Table above in the column 
entitled "Initial Value"] 
 
(f) 
Initial 
Closing 
Commodity 
Index Level: 
[Applicable [, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"]/Not Applicable] 
FX LINKED PROVISIONS 
43. 
FX Linked Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
FX Rate: 
[Base Currency/Reference Currency Rate / 
Fixing 
Rate 
/ 
Inverse 
Base 
Currency/Reference Currency Rate /The FX 
Rate set forth in the Reference Asset Table 
above in the column entitled "Type of FX 
Rate"] [For the purposes of the definition of

--- Page 795 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
789 
 
FX Rate, the relevant exchange rate shall be 
the mid exchange rate] 
 
(ii) 
Share Currency: 
[⚫]/The currency set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Share Currency"/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Currency: 
[Share Currency/The currency set forth in 
the Reference Asset Table above in the 
column entitled "Reference Currency"[⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
Base Currency: 
[[ ⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table above in the column entitled "Base 
Currency"/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
FX Price Source: 
[[⚫]/The price source set forth in the FX 
Rate Table in the column entitled "FX Price 
Source"/The price source set forth in the 
Reference Asset Table above in the column 
entitled "FX Price Source"] 
 
(vi) 
FX Rate Sponsor: 
[Not Applicable / [⚫] / The entity set forth in 
the FX Rate Table in the column entitled 
"FX Rate Sponsor"/ The entity set forth in 
the Reference Asset Table above in the 
column entitled "FX Rate Sponsor"]70 
 
(vii) 
Number of FX Settlement Days: 
[Not Applicable / [⚫] (specify number) FX 
Business Days]71 
 
(viii) 
FX Financial Centres: 
[[ ⚫]/As set forth in the Reference Asset 
Table above in the column entitled "FX 
Financial Centres"] 
 
- 
Default FX Business Day: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
FX Business Day Convention: 
[Following / Modified Following / Nearest / 
Preceding / No Adjustment] 
 
(x) 
Initial FX Rate: 
[FX Rate Initial Valuation/as set forth in the 
Reference Asset Table above in the column 
entitled "Initial Value"/ [ ⚫] / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
FX Valuation Date: 
[As specified in FX Linked Provision 9 
(Definitions) in respect of a Share FX Rate / 
Adjusted Asset Valuation Date / [ ⚫] FX 
Business Days following the Adjusted Asset 
Valuation Date / [⚫] / Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
FX Initial Valuation Date: 
[Adjusted Asset Initial Valuation Date / [⚫] 
FX Business Days following the Adjusted 
Asset Initial Valuation Date / [ ⚫] / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Periodic Valuation Date: 
[[ ⚫] / Not Applicable] / [Each] Early 
Redemption Valuation Date] 
 
70  
Usually applicable in respect of emerging market currencies. 
71  
Usually applicable in respect of emerging market currencies.

--- Page 796 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
790 
 
 
(xiv) 
Averaging Dates: 
[Not Applicable / In respect of the [Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation 
Date] 
scheduled to fall on [⚫]/[⚫] (insert relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption 
Valuation 
Date 
or 
Valuation 
Date 
corresponding to the relevant set of 
Averaging Dates)]: 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]] 
[Each Observation Date (Closing Valuation) 
falling in the Averaging Observation Period 
in respect of [such] [Coupon Valuation 
Date] /[Early Redemption Valuation Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [⚫]:  
- 
[Averaging Observation Period: 
Applicable in respect of [such] 
[Coupon Valuation Date] /[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [⚫] 
- 
Averaging 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: [⚫] in respect of [such] 
[Coupon Valuation Date] /[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [⚫] 
- 
Averaging Observation Period End 
Date: [ ⚫] in respect of [such] 
[Coupon Valuation Date] /[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [⚫] 
- 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
Applicable, 
as 
specified 
in 
the 
FX 
Linked 
Provisions in respect of [each/the] 
FX Rate 
- 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): [In respect of 
the Averaging Observation Period, 
[⚫]]/[Not Applicable]]]] 
(repeat as necessary)] 
 
(xv) 
FX Valuation Time: 
[Not Applicable / [ ⚫] (specify time and 
place) / [The time and place set forth in the 
FX Rate Table in the column entitled "FX 
Valuation Time"] 
 
(xvi) 
FX Disruption Events: 
[Price 
Source 
Disruption 
and/or 
Inconvertibility Event as specified in FX 
Linked Provision 9 (Definitions)] 
 
(xvii) 
Disruption Fallbacks: 
 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – to be applied 
[first /second / third / fourth]

--- Page 797 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
791 
 
 
(b) 
Currency-Reference Dealers: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – to be applied 
[first / second / third / fourth: Reference 
Dealers – as specified in FX Linked 
Provision 9 (Definitions)] 
 
(c) 
Fallback Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – to be applied 
[first / second/ third / fourth] 
 
(xviii) Single FX Rate and Reference Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in FX Linked 
Provision 1.1 [in respect of [the]/[each] [FX 
Initial Valuation Date]/[Coupon Valuation 
Date]/[Periodic 
Valuation 
Date]/[FX 
Valuation Date]]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
FX Rate Basket and Reference Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in FX Linked 
Provision 1.2 [in respect of [the]/[each] [FX 
Initial Valuation Date]/[Coupon Valuation 
Date]/[Periodic 
Valuation 
Date]/[FX 
Valuation Date]]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Averaging Dates - Omission: 
[Applicable: as specified in FX Linked 
Provision [1.3] [1.4] / Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Fallback Valuation Date: 
[Applicable: [⚫] (specify date(s)) / Default 
Fallback Valuation Date as specified in FX 
Linked Provision 9 (Definitions)/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Qualifying 
Actual 
Transaction 
Observation Start Time: 
[[⚫] / Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Qualifying 
Actual 
Transaction 
Observation End Time:  
[[⚫] / Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) 
Observation Period Cut-off Time: 
[[⚫] / Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Successor Currency: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) 
Rebasing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Change in Law - Increased Cost: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Insert, if appropriate: FX Rate Table] 
 
Share Issuer 
Share Currency 
FX Price Source 
FX Rate Sponsor 
FX Valuation Time 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
CREDIT LINKED PROVISIONS 
44. 
Credit Linked Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of [each/the] 
Reference Obligation]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[⚫] (specify date)

--- Page 798 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
792 
 
 
(ii) 
Specified Number of Business Days: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] (specify date) 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention for purposes 
of "Maturity Date" definition: 
[Not Applicable / Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(v) 
Specified Final Redemption Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
(vi) 
Reference Entity: 
[⚫] 
 
(vii) 
Transaction Type: 
[Standard North American Corporate / 
Standard European Corporate / Standard 
European Financial Corporate / Standard 
Western European Sovereign]  
 
(viii) 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
(Include reference(s) to ISIN and admission 
to trading, if applicable.) 
 
(x) 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level / Subordinated Level / As 
specified in the Credit Linked Provisions] 
 
(xi) 
Non-Standard Credit Events: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable; the applicable 
Credit 
Events 
are: 
[Bankruptcy] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] [Failure to Pay] 
[Grace 
Period 
Extension: 
Applicable] 
[Restructuring] [Mod R applicable] [Mod 
Mod 
R 
applicable] 
[Governmental 
Intervention] [ ⚫] (specify other) [For the 
avoidance of doubt, Restructuring shall not 
apply] 
 
(xii) 
Credit Observation Start Date: 
[Credit Event Backstop Date / Trade Date / 
[⚫] (specify date)] 
 
(xiii) 
Credit Observation End Date 
[Scheduled Maturity Date / [ ⚫] (specify 
date)] 
 
(xiv) 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Not Applicable]/[As specified in the Credit 
Linked Provisions]/[ ⚫]/[insert Excluded 
Obligation 
Categories 
or 
Obligation 
Characteristics]  
 
(xv) 
Additional Public Source of Publicly 
Available Information: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement / Cash Settlement / 
Zero Recovery] (if Zero Recovery applies, 
delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(a) 
Excluded 
Valuation 
Obligation: 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Provisions]/[⚫]/[insert Excluded Valuation 
Obligation 
Categories 
or 
Valuation 
Obligation Characteristics]

--- Page 799 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
793 
 
 
(b) 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫] (specify time and place)/[As specified in 
the Credit Linked Provisions] 
 
(c) 
Dealer: 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Provisions / [⚫]] 
 
(d) 
Maximum Quotation Amount: 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Provisions / [⚫]] 
 
(e) 
Minimum Quotation Amount: 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Provisions / [⚫]] 
 
(xvii) 
Exclude Accrued Interest: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Interest 
accrual 
up 
to 
Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
FUND LINKED PROVISIONS 
45. 
Fund Linked Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of [each/the] 
Fund]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Single Fund or basket of Funds: 
[In respect of Payout Condition [1/2/3] - 
][Single Fund/Basket of Funds] 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
(ii) 
Original Fund(s): 
[[⚫] (Specify name of Original Fund(s))/As 
set forth in the Reference Asset Table above 
in the column entitled "Reference Asset(s)"] 
 
(iii) 
Fund Shares (or units of a Fund): 
[Name/Class of Fund Share (Bloomberg 
Code(s): [⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
Management Company: 
[⚫] 
 
(v) 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(vi) 
Initial Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[⚫]] 
 
(vii) 
Coupon 
[Valuation/Observation] 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[⚫]/Each date set forth in 
the Coupon Payment Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon [Valuation/Observation] 
Date(s)"] 
 
(viii) 
Periodic Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[ ⚫]] / [Each] Early 
Redemption Valuation Date 
 
(ix) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[⚫]] 
 
(x) 
Averaging Dates: 
[Not Applicable/  
In respect of the [Coupon Valuation Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date] scheduled to fall on [⚫]/[⚫
] (insert relevant Coupon Valuation Date, 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or

--- Page 800 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
794 
 
Valuation Date corresponding to the 
relevant set of Averaging Dates)]: 
[[⚫], [⚫] and [⚫]] 
[Each Observation Date (Closing Valuation) 
falling in the Averaging Observation Period 
in respect of [such] [Coupon Valuation 
Date] /[Early Redemption Valuation Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [⚫]:  
- 
[Averaging Observation Period: 
Applicable in respect of [such] 
[Coupon Valuation Date] /[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [⚫] 
- 
Averaging 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date: [⚫] in respect of [such] 
[Coupon Valuation Date] /[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [⚫] 
- 
Averaging Observation Period End 
Date: [ ⚫] in respect of [such] 
[Coupon Valuation Date] /[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation Date]/ [⚫] 
- 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation): 
Applicable, 
as 
specified in the Fund Linked 
Provisions in respect of [each/the] 
Fund 
- 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing Valuation): [In respect of 
the Averaging Observation Period, 
[⚫]]/[Not Applicable]]]] 
(repeat as necessary)] 
 
(xi) 
Final Averaging Date:  
[Not Applicable/ In respect of the [Coupon 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
/[Valuation 
Date] 
scheduled to fall on [⚫]/[⚫] (insert relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption 
Valuation 
Date 
or 
Valuation 
Date 
corresponding to the relevant set of 
Averaging Dates)]: 
[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary)]  
 
(xii) 
Single Fund and Reference Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Fund Linked 
Provision 1.1 [in respect of [the]/[each] 
[Initial Valuation Date]/[Coupon Valuation 
Date]/[Periodic Valuation Date]/[Valuation 
Date]]]

--- Page 801 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
795 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Single Fund and Averaging Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Fund Linked 
Provision 1.2/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Fund Basket and Reference Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Fund Linked 
Provision 1.3 [in respect of [the]/[each] 
[Initial Valuation Date]/[Coupon Valuation 
Date]/[Periodic Valuation Date]/[Valuation 
Date]]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Fund Basket and Averaging Dates: 
[Applicable: as specified in Fund Linked 
Provision 1.4/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Omission: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Postponement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Fund Linked Provision 10 (Definitions)/ 
Zero / None / [⚫] (specify number of days)] 
 
(xvii) 
Fallback Valuation Date: 
[Applicable: [ ⚫] (specify date(s))/Default 
Fallback Valuation Date as specified in 
Fund Linked Provision 10 (Definitions)/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Pre-selected Replacement Fund: 
[⚫] 
 
(xix) 
Cash Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Name of Cash Index: 
[⚫] 
 
(xx) 
Change in Law – Increased Cost: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Fund Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) AUM Threshold: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) 
AUM Threshold Percentage: 
[Applicable: As specified in Fund Linked 
Provision 10 (Definitions)/[⚫]] 
 
(xxv) 
Volatility Threshold: 
[As specified in Fund Linked Provision 10 
(Definitions)/[⚫]]

--- Page 802 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
796 
 
 
(xxvi) 
Change in Manager – Hedging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Hedging Entity: 
[As specified in Fund Linked Provision 10 
(Definitions)/[⚫]] 
 
(xxviii)  Initial Closing Fund Price: 
[Applicable[, as set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table above in the column entitled 
"Initial Value"][, being the Closing Fund 
Price on the Initial Valuation Date]/Not 
Applicable] 
BOND LINKED PROVISIONS 
 
46. 
Bond Linked Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Bond: 
[⚫]72  
[ISIN: [●]] 
[[Exchange(s)/ Related Exchange(s): [●]]  
 
(ii) 
Reference Obligor:  
[⚫]73  
 
(iii) 
Reference Bond Only: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Observation Start Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Public Source(s): 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
the 
Bond 
Linked 
Provisions]/[●] 
 
- 
Specified Number: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
the 
Bond 
Linked 
Provisions]/[●]74 
 
(vi)  
Hypothetical Credit Reference: 
[JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.]/[●]  
 
(vii) 
Initial 
Reference 
Bond 
Notional 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
First 
Reference 
Bond 
Event 
Occurrence Date: 
[●]  
 
(ix) 
Multiple Holder Obligation: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
the 
Bond 
Linked 
Provisions]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
72 
Specify details of one or more Reference Bond(s).  
73 
Specify issuer of the Reference Bond(s).  
74 
Include number of Public Sources. Two is set as the default number in the Bond Linked Conditions if no number is specified.

--- Page 803 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
797 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
47. 
New Safekeeping Structure (in respect of 
Registered Notes) or New Global Note (in 
respect of Bearer Notes): 
[Applicable: 
[New 
Safekeeping 
Structure/New 
Global 
Note]/Not 
Applicable]75 
48. 
Form of Securities 
[Bearer Securities / Registered Securities / 
Swiss Securities / French Bearer Securities 
(au porteur) / French Registered Securities 
(au nominatif) / Italian Certificates / German 
Securities] (Delete as appropriate) 
(If Swiss Securities in uncertificated form) 
[Swiss Securities in uncertificated form as 
uncertificated 
securities 
(einfache 
Wertrechte) pursuant to article 973c of the 
Swiss 
Code 
of 
Obligations 
(Obligationenrecht) 
exchangeable 
for 
Registered Securities in definitive form at 
the option of the Swiss Programme Agent in 
accordance with the General Conditions] 
(If Swiss Securities represented by a Global 
Security) 
[Swiss 
Global 
Security 
exchangeable for Registered Securities in 
definitive form at the option of the Swiss 
Programme Agent in accordance with the 
General Conditions] 
 
(i) 
Temporary 
or 
Permanent 
Bearer 
Global Security / Registered Global 
Security: 
(If 
bearer, 
and 
not 
French 
Bearer 
Securities) 
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Security exchangeable for a] Permanent 
Bearer Global Security[, [each of] which is 
exchangeable for Registered Definitive 
Securities (i) automatically in the limited 
circumstances specified in the relevant 
[Permanent] Bearer Global Security or (ii)[, 
in the case of a Permanent Bearer Global 
Security only,] at any time at the option of 
the Issuer by giving notice to the Holders 
and the Relevant Programme Agent of its 
intention to effect such exchange on the 
terms as set forth in the relevant Permanent 
Bearer Global Security]] 
 
 
(if registered, and not French Registered 
Securities/ Rule 144A Securities/ CREST 
CDI Securities) [Temporary Registered 
Global Security which is exchangeable for 
a] Permanent Registered Global Security[, 
each of] which is exchangeable for 
Registered 
Definitive 
Securities 
(i) 
automatically in the limited circumstances 
specified in the relevant [Permanent] 
Registered Global Security or (ii) [in the 
case of a Permanent Registered Global 
Security only,] at any time at the option of 
 
75  
If the Notes are intended to be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem, Registered Notes shall be held under the New Safekeeping Structure or Bearer Notes shall be issued in New Global Note 
form.

--- Page 804 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
798 
 
the Issuer by giving notice to the Holders 
and the Registrar of its intention to effect 
such exchange on the terms as set forth in the 
relevant 
Permanent 
Registered 
Global 
Security]] 
 
 
[If Rule 144A Securities] [Registered Global 
Security 
which 
is 
exchangeable 
for 
Registered Definitive Securities in the 
limited circumstances specified in the 
Registered Global Security] 
 
 
[If Regulation S/Rule 144A Warrants] 
[Regulation S/Rule 144A Global Warrants 
which shall be exchangeable for Registered 
Warrants 
in 
definitive 
form 
in 
the 
circumstances 
specified 
in 
General 
Condition 
1.1(c)(iv)(B) 
(Permanent 
Registered Global Securities) for which 
purpose the Regulation S/Rule 144A Global 
Warrant shall be deemed to be a Permanent 
Registered Global Security] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] (Include for French / Swiss 
Securities) 
 
 
(if CREST CDI Securities) [Permanent 
Registered 
Global 
Security. 
However, 
Investors 
will 
hold 
interests 
in 
dematerialised CREST Depository Interests 
issued by CREST Depository Limited (or 
successor)] 
 
(ii) 
Are the Notes to be issued in the form 
of obligations under French law?   
[Yes / No / Not Applicable]76 
 
(iii) 
Name of French Registration Agent 
(only if French Securities are in 
registered form (au nominatif) and if 
the Notes are not inscribed with the 
Issuer) 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Representation of Holders of Notes77 / 
Masse: 
[Full Masse / Contractual Masse / No Masse 
/Not Applicable] 
(If General Condition 28.3 applies or if the 
full provisions of French Code de commerce 
apply, insert details of Representative and 
 
76  
Please select "Yes" only if the Notes are French Notes, the Series comprises at least five Notes, the holders of the relevant Notes are 
grouped in a Masse in accordance with General Condition 28.3 (Meetings of Holders of French Notes (Masse)) and all Notes confer the 
same rights against the Issuer at any time. 
77  
The provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse of Holders of Notes are applicable in full to French domestic 
issues of Notes. However, pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 of the French Code Monétaire et Financier, the Masse provisions contained in 
the French Code de Commerce are NOT applicable to issues of French Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 or 
issues of French Notes for which the minimum purchase amount per investor and per transaction is at least EUR 100,000; accordingly 
such issues may have no Masse provisions at all or the Masse provisions contained in the French Code de commerce may be varied along 
the lines of the provisions of General Condition 28.3 (Meetings of Holders of French Notes (Masse)). Pursuant to Article L.228-90 of 
the French Code de commerce, the Masse provisions contained in the French Code de commerce are NOT applicable to international 
issues (emprunt émis à l'étranger); accordingly, international issues may have no Masse provisions at all or the Masse provisions 
contained in the French Code de commerce may be varied along the lines of the provisions of General Condition 28.3 (Meetings of 
Holders of French Notes (Masse)).

--- Page 805 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
799 
 
alternative 
Representative 
and 
remuneration, if any) 
[As long as the French Notes are held by a 
single Holder such Holder will exercise 
directly the powers delegated to the 
Representative and General Meetings of 
Holders under the General Conditions. A 
Representative shall be appointed when 
more than one Holder holds the French 
Notes of a Series] 
 
Identification information of Holders 
in relation to French Securities 
(General Condition 1.1):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v)(v) 
Appointment 
of 
Holders' 
Joint 
Representative: 
[Applicable (specify name and address of 
Joint Representative) / Not Applicable] 
49. 
Record Date: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
General 
Condition 
[6.2/9.3(d)/11.3(j)]/The Record Date is close 
of business on the [ ⚫] [Business 
Day/day/clearing system business day] 
before the relevant due date for payment/Not 
Applicable] (Only applicable to Registered 
Securities) 
50. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) (General 
Condition 12.2) or other special provisions 
relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/[ ⚫] (specify Additional 
Financial Centre(s))] 
 
- 
Default Business Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
51. 
Payment 
Disruption 
Event 
(General 
Condition 13): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Should be 
"Not Applicable" if the "Belgian Securities 
Annex" is specified to be applicable) 
 
- 
Relevant Currency(ies): 
[⚫] 
52. 
Termination Event Notice Period (General 
Condition 16): 
[[ ⚫] days' notice/As specified in General 
Condition 16] 
53. 
Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event 
(General Condition 17): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Should be 
"Not Applicable" if the "Belgian Securities 
Annex" is specified to be applicable) 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Extraordinary Hedge Bail-in Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Extraordinary 
Hedge 
Currency 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
54. 
Tax Termination Event Notice Period 
(General Condition 20.3): 
[[ ⚫] days' notice/As specified in General 
Condition 20.3]

--- Page 806 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
800 
 
55. 
Early Redemption for Tax on Underlying 
Hedge Transactions (General Condition 
20.4): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Should be 
"Not Applicable" if the "Belgian Securities 
Annex" is specified to be applicable) 
56. 
Reference Asset Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]78 
57. 
Disruption Event (General Condition 21): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 79  (Should be 
"Not Applicable" if the "Belgian Securities 
Annex" is specified to be applicable) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law (Hedge): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
58. 
Physical Settlement (General Condition 14): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Deliverable Reference Asset(s): 
The [Final Worst Performance Share/Worst 
Share/ Share] 
 
(ii) 
Share FX Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Put Strike Multiplier: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Calculation Amount (CA): 
[⚫] 
 
(v) 
Number of Reference Asset(s): 
[[⚫]/The amount set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table in the column entitled "Number 
of Reference Assets"/As specified in the 
General Conditions] 
 
(vi) 
Rounded 
Number 
of 
Reference 
Asset(s): 
[[⚫]/The amount set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table in the column entitled "Rounded 
Number of Reference Assets"/As specified 
in the General Conditions] 
 
(vii) 
Residual Amount: 
[As specified in the Payout Conditions/[⚫
]/The amount set forth in the Reference 
Asset Table in the column entitled "Residual 
Amount"] 
 
(viii) 
Physical Settlement Price (Initial) 
(PSP (Initial)): 
[[Initial Closing Share Price/Initial Share 
Price] of the Deliverable Reference Asset / [
⚫] (specify amount)] 
 
(ix) 
Physical Settlement Price (Final)): 
[Final 
Closing 
Share 
Price 
of 
the 
Deliverable Reference Asset / [⚫] (specify 
amount)] 
 
(x) 
Physical Settlement Cut-off Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(xi) 
Relevant Clearing System: 
[Monte Titoli S.p.A., acting on behalf of] 
[Euroclear/[and] Clearstream, Luxembourg 
/ Clearstream Frankfurt/ SIX SIS/Euroclear 
 
78 
Specify as "Applicable" if any of "Fund Linked Provisions", "Share Linked Provisions", "Index Linked Provisions", "Commodity Linked 
Provisions" or "FX Linked Provisions" is "Applicable"; otherwise, specify as "Not Applicable". 
79 
Disruption Event should only be specified as "Applicable" if "Reference Asset Linked Conditions" is "Not Applicable".

--- Page 807 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
801 
 
France/ [⚫] (specify other and give name(s), 
address(es) and number(s))] 
 
(xii) 
Delivery Agent: 
[As specified in General Condition 37.1/[⚫] 
(specify Delivery Agent if other than as set 
out in General Condition 37.1] 
 
(xiii) 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price: 
[[⚫] (specify amount)/Fair Market Value of 
Security] 
 
(xiv) 
Reference Asset Transfer Notice:80 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Non-U.S. Certification: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Equity Certification:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
59. 
Calculation Agent: 
[J.P. Morgan Securities plc / J.P. Morgan 
Securities LLC / J.P. Morgan SE]  
60. 
Redenomination, 
Renominalisation 
and 
Reconventioning 
Provisions 
(General 
Condition 26.1): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
61. 
Gross Up (General Condition 20): 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – as specified 
in General Condition 20.1 / Other (specify)]  
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraph (i) 
and 
re-number 
sub-paragraph 
(ii) 
accordingly)  
 
[(i) 
Exclude Section 871(m) Taxes from 
Gross Up (General Condition 20):  
[Not Applicable/ Applicable – as specified 
in General Condition 20.1./ Other (specify)]] 
 
(ii) 
871(m) Securities: 
Section 
871(m) 
and 
the 
regulations 
promulgated thereunder [will] [will not] 
apply to the Securities 
62. 
Rounding (General Condition 27): 
 
 
(i) 
Percentages – Default Rounding: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – as specified 
in General Condition 27.1(a)] 
 
(ii))  
Figures – Default Rounding: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – as specified 
in General Condition 27.1(b)] 
 
(iii)  
Currency amounts due and payable – 
Default Rounding: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – as specified 
in General Condition 27.1(c)] 
 
(iv) 
Yen currency amounts due and 
payable – Default Rounding: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – as specified 
in General Condition 27.1(c)] 
 
(v) 
Specified Fraction: 
[Not Applicable / [⚫]] 
 
(vi) 
Specified Unit: 
[Not Applicable / [⚫]] 
 
(vii) 
Specified Decimal Place: 
[Not Applicable / Coupon Barrier Level: 
rounded to the nearest [⚫] decimal place / 
Coupon Level: rounded to the nearest [⚫] 
decimal place / Barrier Event Strike [, Low 
Barrier and High Barrier]: rounded to the 
 
80  
Reference Asset Transfer Notice is not required for Swiss Offers.

--- Page 808 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
802 
 
nearest [ ⚫] decimal place / Barrier 
Performance Strike: rounded to the nearest [
⚫] decimal place / Early Redemption 
Barrier: rounded to the nearest [⚫] decimal 
place / Redemption Barrier: rounded to the 
nearest [⚫] decimal place / Coupon Lock-in 
Level: rounded to the nearest [⚫] decimal 
place / Lock-in Level: rounded to the nearest 
[⚫] decimal place / Enhanced Coupon Level 
1: rounded to the nearest [⚫] decimal place / 
Enhanced Coupon Level 2: rounded to the 
nearest [ ⚫] decimal place / Early 
Redemption Strike: rounded to the nearest [
⚫] decimal place] 
DISTRIBUTION 
63. 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[J.P. Morgan Securities plc of 25 Bank 
Street, Canary Wharf London E14 5JP] 
/[J.P. Morgan SE of TaunusTurm, Taunustor 
1, 
60310, 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main, 
Germany]/[J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia 
Pacific) Limited of 25/F Chater House, 8 
Connaught Road Central, Hong Kong]/[J.P. 
Morgan Securities LLC of 383 Madison 
Avenue, 5th Floor, New York, New York 
10179, United States of America]/[J.P. 
Morgan Securities Australia Limited of 
Level 18, 85 Castlereagh Street, Sydney 
NSW 
2000, 
Australia]/[JPMorgan 
Securities Japan Co., Ltd. of Tokyo 
Building, 7-3 Marunouchi 2 Chome, 
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100 6432 Japan] 
(include JPMS plc for Rule 144A Securities) 
 
 
(Insert in the case of public offers in Italy) 
 
 
[For the avoidance of doubt, the Dealer will 
not act as distributor.] 
 
[(i)  
If syndicated, [names of Managers] 
 
[names and addresses of Managers 
 
and underwriting commitments]: / 
[(i)  
Entities 
which 
have 
a 
firm 
 
commitment to act as intermediaries in 
 
secondary trading, providing liquidity 
 
through bid and offer rates and 
 
description of the main terms of their 
 
commitment:] 
[Not Applicable/[⚫] (give names, addresses 
and 
underwriting 
commitments) 
(Not 
applicable with respect to public offers in 
Italy)] 
 
 
(Include (a) names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names, addresses and 
commitments of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or 
on a "best efforts" basis if such entities are 
not the same as the Managers and (b) 
process for notification of applicants of the 
amount allotted and indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is

--- Page 809 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
803 
 
made. Where not all of the issue is 
underwritten, include statement of the 
portion not covered.) (Name and address of 
the entities which have a firm commitment to 
act as intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of 
their commitment) 
 
([i/ii]) 
[Date of Subscription Agreement:  
[⚫] 
64. 
JPMSP ERISA (Purchaser representations 
and requirements and transfer restrictions): 
[JPMSP Standard Restrictions apply / 
JPMSP Special Restrictions apply / Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify "Special Restrictions apply" only if 
JPMSP has satisfied itself that the Securities 
do not constitute equity interests for the 
purposes of ERISA) 
 
65. 
ECI Holder Restrictions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Should be "Applicable" if Notes or 
Certificates (i) are being issued by JPMSP 
or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., (ii) are 
being offered and sold pursuant to 
Regulation S exemption and (iii) a holder or 
person acting on its behalf has the discretion 
to change the referenced assets or trading 
algorithm underlying an index.] 
66. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
67. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
68. 
Belgian Securities Annex 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
69. 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[Regulation S / Regulation S with respect to 
CREST CDI Securities / Rule 144A]81 
 
 
[Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities issued 
by JPMSP may be sold to certain investors 
outside the United States in "offshore 
transactions" (as defined in Regulation S) in 
reliance on Regulation S and to certain 
qualified investors in the United States in 
reliance on Rule 144A of the Securities Act. 
 
 
ERISA Restrictions for all Securities 
(including Rule 144A Securities and 
Securities subject to Regulation S) 
 
 
[If Securities are issued by JPMSP follow 
paragraph (i)] 
[If Securities are issued by JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A., follow paragraph (ii)] 
 
81  
Include the appropriate option in respect of all Securities other than Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities.

--- Page 810 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
804 
 
 
 
[(i) If Securities are being issued by JPMSP, 
insert either subparagraphs (A) or (B) below 
(as applicable):] 
 
 
[(A) If the Securities are being issued by 
JPMSP, then, unless subparagraph (B) 
immediately below applies, insert the 
following (which is the standard default 
position for JPMSP):] JPMSP Standard 
Restrictions apply: The Securities may not 
be acquired by, on behalf of, or with the 
assets of any plans subject to ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended, other than 
certain insurance company general accounts. 
See "Subscription and Sale – United States" 
and 
"Purchaser 
representations 
and 
requirements and transfer restrictions – 
ERISA Legends and ERISA Restrictions – 
(b) JPMSP Standard Restrictions" in the 
Base Prospectus.] 
 
 
[(B) If the Securities are being issued by 
JPMSP, then, only if the Issuer has satisfied 
itself that the Securities do not constitute 
equity interests for purposes of ERISA, 
insert the following:] JPMSP Special 
Restrictions apply: The Securities may not 
be acquired except subject to certain 
restrictions by, on behalf of, or with the 
assets of any plans subject to ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code 
of 
1986, 
as 
amended. 
See 
"Subscription and Sale – United States" and 
"Purchaser representations and requirements 
and transfer restrictions – ERISA Legends 
and ERISA Restrictions – (c) JPMSP 
Special 
Restrictions" 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus.] 
 
 
[(ii) If Securities are being issued by 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. use the 
following: 
 
 
The Securities may not be acquired except 
subject to certain restrictions by, on behalf 
of, or with the assets of any plans subject to 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code, as amended, subject to 
certain restrictions. See "Subscription and 
Sale – United States" and "Purchaser 
representations 
and 
requirements 
and 
transfer restrictions – ERISA Legends and 
ERISA Restrictions – (a) JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. issued Securities" in the Base 
Prospectus.] 
 
 
ERISA 
Restrictions 
for 
Regulation 
S/Rule 144A Securities

--- Page 811 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
805 
 
 
 
[(A) Insert the following (which is the 
standard default position) unless paragraph 
B immediately below applies:] [Standard 
Restrictions apply: The Securities may not 
be acquired by, on behalf of, or with the 
assets of any plans subject to ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended, other than 
certain insurance company general accounts. 
See "Subscription and Sale – United States", 
"Purchaser representations and requirements 
and transfer restrictions – ERISA Legends 
and ERISA Restrictions – (b) JPMSP 
Standard 
Restrictions" 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus.] 
 
 
[(B) Insert the following only if the Issuer 
has satisfied itself that the Securities do not 
constitute equity interests for purposes of 
ERISA:] [Special Restrictions apply: The 
Securities may not be acquired except 
subject to certain restrictions by, on behalf 
of, or with the assets of any plans subject to 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. See 
"Subscription and Sale – United States", 
"Purchaser representations and requirements 
and transfer restrictions – ERISA Legends 
and ERISA Restrictions – (c) JPMSP 
Special 
Restrictions" 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus.]" 
67. 
Swiss Non-Exempt Public Offer: 
[Yes [(the Base Prospectus has been 
registered 
in 
Switzerland 
with 
the 
Prospectus 
Office 
of 
SIX 
Exchange 
Regulation as a Reviewing Body (Prüfstelle) 
under the Financial Services Act ("FinSA") 
as a foreign prospectus, which is deemed 
approved in Switzerland pursuant to article 
54 para. 2 FinSA, and included in the list of 
approved prospectuses and deposited with 
such Reviewing Body and published in 
Switzerland). If an obligation to prepare a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus pursuant 
to article 56 para 1 FinSA is triggered during 
the Swiss Offer Period in Switzerland, 
subscriptions may be withdrawn by Swiss 
investors within two days of publication of 
the supplement] /No]82 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ________________________ 
Duly authorised 
 
82 Insert "Yes" in the case of Swiss Securities offered in Switzerland to any type of investors and documented on the basis of the Form of Final Terms 
and where the Final Terms are being deposited with the Prospectus Office of SIX Excxhagne Regulation as Swiss reviewing body. Insert "No" in the 
case of Swiss Securities offered under an exemption from the Swiss prospectus requirement (e.g., private placement, professional clients, issue size 
below CHF 8 mio.) and without listing on the SIX Swiss Exchange.

--- Page 812 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
806 
 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By: ________________________ 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 813 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
807 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
[Application [will be/has been/is expected to be] made for the Securities to 
be [listed] [on the Official List] [and] admitted to trading on [the Regulated 
Market of [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/other (specify)]] [and] 
[Euronext Dublin] [and] [the multilateral trading facility EuroTLX 
(organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A)/other (specify)] [and] 
[SeDeX (MTF), the multilateral trading facility organised and managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] [and] [the Open Market (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt Zertifikate AG)] [and] [the regulated 
unofficial market (Freiverkehr) of the Stuttgart Stock Exchange (EUWAX)] 
with effect from, at the earliest, the Issue Date. No assurances can be given 
that such application for [listing and/or] admission to trading will be granted 
(or, if granted, will be granted by the Issue Date) ].]  
[The Issuer has no duty to maintain the [listing and/or] admission to trading 
(if any) of the Securities on the relevant [stock exchange(s)][multilateral 
trading facility(ies)] over their entire lifetime. Securities may be suspended 
from trading [and/or de-listed] at any time in accordance with applicable 
rules and regulations of the relevant [stock exchange(s)][multilateral trading 
facility(ies)].] 
[The Securities will not be listed or admitted to trading on any exchange.] 
(No Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the European Economic Area unless they have a 
minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency). Warrants and Certificates issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
will not be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area) 
[Estimated expenses 
related to admission 
to trading: 
[Not Applicable]/[⚫] (If Annex 15 applies, include estimate of the total 
expenses related to the admission to trading)] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Not Applicable 
 
The Securities to be issued have been rated: 
 
[S&P: [⚫]] 
 
[Moody's: [⚫]] 
 
[Fitch: [⚫]] 
 
[[Other]: [⚫]]/ [The Securities will not be rated] 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider)] 
[If two or more credit rating agencies are appointed in respect of an 
issuance, specify whether a credit rating agency with no more than 10% of 
the total market share has been appointed.] 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency if other than S&P, Moody's or Fitch) is 
established in the European Union and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority.] / [(Insert credit rating agency) is established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009.] / [(Insert 
credit rating agency) is not established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009.] / [(Insert

--- Page 814 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
808 
 
credit rating agency) is not established in the European Union but (insert 
endorsing credit rating agency), which is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009, has indicated that it intends to endorse the ratings of (insert 
credit rating agency) where possible.] 
[3. INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
[⚫]83 
[3.] [4.] REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
[(i) 
Reasons 
for 
the offer: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" - if reasons for offer different from making profit 
and/or hedging certain risks, to include those reasons here)] 
 
(Complete the following for Sustainable Securities) 
[Use of Proceeds 
The Securities are [Green]/[Social]/[Sustainability] Securities issued 
pursuant to the terms of JPMorgan Chase's Sustainable Bond Framework 
(available 
at 
[https://www.jpmorganchase.com/content/dam/jpmc/jpmorgan-chase-and-
co/documents/jpmc-sustainable-bond-framework.pdf (or any successor 
website)]/[specify website]). [JPMorgan Chase & Co. and/or its consolidated 
affiliates (collectively, "JPMorgan Chase") intends to allocate an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Securities to fund [Eligible 
Green Projects] [and/or] [Eligible Social Projects] ([collectively,] the 
"Eligible Projects") on a portfolio basis, as described below.] Eligible 
Projects include projects for which JPMorgan Chase disburses funds up to 
24 months prior to the issuance of the Securities. This may include either the 
financing or refinancing of projects that meet the following eligibility 
criteria or lending to clients that require financing for projects if the activity 
meets the following eligibility criteria: 
[Eligible Green Projects 
• 
Green buildings, including the development, construction, 
installation, operation, acquisition, maintenance, upgrades and 
associated costs relating to: 
– 
new or existing commercial or residential buildings that 
meet certain regional, national or internationally-recognised 
standards or certifications (ie., LEED Gold or greater, 
Energy Star 85 or greater, or Enterprise Green Communities 
for multifamily buildings); 
• 
Renewable and clean energy, including the development, 
transmission, construction, installation, operation, acquisition, 
maintenance, upgrades and associated costs relating to the 
following: 
– 
wind energy; 
 
83  
Only include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved 
and the nature of the interest if any such interest or conflict interest that is material to the issuer/offer is different from that set out in the 
section of the Base Prospectus entitled "Conflicts of Interest".

--- Page 815 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
809 
 
– 
solar energy; 
– 
geothermal energy facilities with direct emissions of less 
than 100 grams of carbon dioxide per kilowatt-hour; and; 
– 
hydrogen produced with renewable energy; 
• 
Sustainable transportation, including: 
– 
vehicles with zero tailpipe emissions (e.g., electric vehicles); 
and 
– 
clean mass transportation (i.e., less than 50 grams of carbon 
dioxide per passenger-kilometer).] 
[Eligible Social Projects 
• 
Small Business, including: 
– 
small businesses in low- and moderate-income ("LMI") 
and/or majority Black, Hispanic and Latino census tracts, 
each as defined by the U.S. Bureau of the Census in the most 
recent decennial census; 
• 
Affordable Housing, including: 
– 
multi-family rentals subject to certain government 
restrictions (i.e., Low-Income Housing Tax Credit or 
Section 8 Housing Assistance Program contracts); and/or 
– 
projects where a majority of the project's units are affordable 
to, reserved for or restricted to individuals who earn under 
80% of the Area Median Income ("AMI") or under 120% of 
the AMI for properties located in a high-cost area, as defined 
by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban 
Development; 
• 
Home Ownership, including: 
– 
home purchase and refinance loans to LMI customers and/or 
Black, Hispanic and Latino borrowers or co-borrowers 
based on data collected under the Home Mortgage Data Act 
(HMDA) across all household income levels; 
• 
Education, including: 
– 
projects that promote access to education in LMI 
geographies, such as education-related non-profit or public 
sector organisations that provide services regardless of 
ability to pay; or  
• 
Healthcare, including: 
– 
projects that promote access to healthcare in LMI 
geographies, such as healthcare-related non-profit or public 
sector organizations that provide services regardless of 
ability to pay.] 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from the issuance of the Securities will 
be allocated to fund the Eligible Projects included in the Sustainable Asset

--- Page 816 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
810 
 
Portfolio (i.e., on a portfolio basis) or, pending allocation, invested 
temporarily in cash, cash equivalents and/or other high quality liquid assets. 
On an annual basis, JPMorgan Chase intends to prepare and make publicly 
available a report that will describe its allocation of the net proceeds of all 
outstanding Sustainable Securities, including any new issuances since its last 
report, to fund Eligible Projects within the Sustainable Asset Portfolio. 
[JPMorgan Chase intends for the issuance of the Securities to be aligned 
with the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) [Green Bond 
Principles (as updated in June 2021)]/[Social Bond Principles (as updated in 
June 2021)]/[Sustainability Bond Guidelines (as updated in June 2021)] as 
at the issue date of the Securities.] 
[[Sustainalytics]/[specify provider] has provided a second party opinion in 
which it has stated its opinion that the Sustainable Bond Framework aligns 
with the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) [Green Bond 
Principles (as updated in June 2021)]/[and]/[Social Bond Principles (as 
updated in June 2021)]/[and]/[Sustainability Bond Guidelines (as updated in 
June 2021)] (available at [https://www.sustainalytics.com/corporate-
solutions/sustainable-finance-and-lending/published-
projects/project/jpmorgan-chase-co/jpmorgan-chase-co.-sustainable-bond-
framework-second-party-opinion-(2022)/jpmorgan-chase-co.-sustainable-
bond-framework-second-party-opinion-(2022) 
(or 
any 
successor 
website)]/[specify website]). Any such opinion is solely in relation to the 
proposed use of proceeds under the terms of the Sustainable Bond 
Framework and does not apply in respect of the terms of the Securities. Any 
such opinion is only current as of the date it was issued and is not, nor should 
be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold the Securities. The second party opinion does not 
form part of, is not incorporated in (whether in whole or in part), and shall 
not be deemed to be part of or incorporated in (whether in whole or in part), 
these Final Terms or the Base Prospectus.] 
(Include further or other particulars for Green Securities, Social Securities 
or Sustainability Securities (as applicable) if different from the above)]] 
[(ii) 
Estimated net 
proceeds: 
[Not Applicable/[⚫]] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split out and 
present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses 
state amount and sources of other funding.)] 
(iii) 
Estimated 
total 
expenses: 
[Not Applicable/[⚫] (Include breakdown of expenses)] (If Annex 15 applies, 
this should be "Not Applicable") 
[[4.][5.] [FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
The yield is [⚫].  
[4.][5.][6.] PERFORMANCE OF REFERENCE ASSET(S) AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE REFERENCE ASSET(S) 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the Reference Asset(s) 
can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge.]  
[Where the Reference Asset is an index need to include the name of the index and details of where the 
information about the index can be obtained. Where the underlying is not an index need to include 
equivalent information.]

--- Page 817 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
811 
 
[5.][6.][7.] POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION 
[The Issuer will not provide any post-issuance information with respect to the Reference Asset[s], 
unless required to do so by applicable law or regulation.]/[Not Applicable] 
[6.][7.][8.] OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes/No] [Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the Securities 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Securities will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria] (include this text if "Yes" is selected in which 
case the Notes in global registered form must be held under the NSS or the 
Notes in global bearer form must be issued in NGN form) 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, 
should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,](include this 
text for registered notes). Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] (include this text if "no" 
selected) 
ISIN: 
[⚫] 
[RIC: 
[⚫]]84 
[Common Code: 
[⚫]] 
[WKN: 
[⚫]]85 
[Swiss 
Securities 
Number 
(Valorennummer): 
[⚫]/Not Applicable]86 
Relevant 
Clearing 
System(s) 
[and 
the 
relevant identification 
number(s)]: 
[Euroclear/Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
/ 
Clearstream 
Frankfurt/SIX 
SIS/Euroclear France/ other /give number(s)] 
[For CREST CDI Securities, insert the following language: The Securities 
will be deposited with a common depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and will be accepted for settlement in Euroclear UK & 
International Limited ("CREST") via the CREST Depository Interest 
("CDI") mechanism.] 
[For zloty-denominated Securities being cleared through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and bridged via the National Depository for 
Securities (Krajowy Depozyt Papierow Wartosciowych) for Polish 
investors, 
insert 
the 
following 
language: 
Euroclear/Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Polish investors will generally need to participate via an 
account with the National Depository for Securities or have an account with 
the participant of the National Depository for Securities. The National 
 
84  
Only applicable to Swiss Offers. 
85  
Only applicable to German Securities. 
86  
Only applicable to Swiss Offers.

--- Page 818 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
812 
 
Depository for Securities will, in turn, have an account ("bridge") with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg.] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
The Agents appointed 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Securities are: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London 
EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom  
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building 
Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 
Luxembourg 
 
[BNP Paribas S.A. 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France]87  
[UBS AG 
Bahnhofstrasse 45,  
8001 Zürich  
Switzerland]88   
 
[BNP Paribas S.A., Germany Branch 
Senckenberganlage 19 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany]89 
 
[Specify if not set out above] 
 
Registrar: 
[⚫] (Specify) / [Not Applicable] 
 
[7.][8.][9.] TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Securities may be made by [⚫] (specify names 
and addresses of financial intermediaries/placers making non-exempt offers, to 
the extent known) other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation 
in 
[Austria/Belgium/ 
France/Germany/Ireland/Italy/Liechtenstein/Luxembourg/The 
Netherlands/ 
Spain] during the period from [(and including)] [⚫] (specify date) to [(and 
including)] [⚫] (specify date)] (the "Offer Period"). 
[give details on the offer] 
[Insert information relating to an offer of Securities in Switzerland in case 
"Swiss Non-Exempt Public Offer" is specified as "Yes"] 
 
87  
Only applicable to French Securities. 
88  
Only applicable to Swiss Securities. 
89  
Only applicable to German Securities which are cleared through Clearstream Frankfurt.

--- Page 819 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
813 
 
[An offer of the Securities may be made in Switzerland during the period from 
[(and including)][⚫] (specify date) to [(and including)] [⚫] (specify date)] (the 
"Swiss Offer Period")] 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price/[⚫] (give details)] 
Conditions to which 
the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/[⚫] (give details)] 
Description of the 
application process: 
[Not Applicable/[⚫] (give details)] 
Description 
of 
possibility to reduce 
subscription 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding 
excess 
amount 
paid 
by 
applicant: 
[Not Applicable/give details/Investors may reduce their subscription during the 
Offer Period and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations subject to 
any applicable laws and regulations, any excess amounts paid by any applicant 
will be credited back to such applicant's account from which the excess amounts 
were debited] 
Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount 
of application: 
[Not Applicable/ [⚫] (give details) [Insert in the case of public offers in Italy: 
The maximum number of Securities to be issued is [⚫], provided that the Issuer 
may increase such amount in its reasonable discretion]] 
Details 
of 
the 
method and time 
limits for paying up 
and delivering the 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable/[⚫] (give details)] 
Manner and date in 
which results of the 
offer are to be made 
public: 
[The results of the offering will be available [on or around [⚫]] on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) [and on Euronext 
Dublin's website (www.euronext.com/en/euronext-dublin)] [and [⚫]] (Include 
if Securities are listed on more than one exchange and if applicable) [on the 
website of the Issuer] [on the website of the Lead Manager] [and from the 
distributors] [on the website: [⚫]] on or prior to the Issue Date] 
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the 
amount allotted and 
the 
indication 
whether 
dealing 
may begin before 
notification 
is 
made: 
[Not Applicable/[⚫] (give details)] 
Amount 
of 
any 
expenses and taxes 
specifically charged 
to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/[⚫] (give details)] 
Name(s) 
and 
address(es), to the 
extent known to the 
Issuer, of the placers 
in 
the 
various 
countries where the 
offer takes place: 
[None/[⚫] (give details)]

--- Page 820 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
814 
 
[Consent: 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus by the financial 
intermediary/ies ("Authorised Offeror(s)"), during the Offer Period and 
subject to the conditions, as provided as follows:  
 
(a) 
Name, address, legal entity 
identifier, domicile, legal form 
and 
law 
and 
country 
of 
incorporation 
of 
Authorised 
Offeror(s):  
[Give details] 
 
(b) 
Offer period for which use of the 
Base Prospectus is authorised by 
the Authorised Offeror(s): 
[Give details] 
 
(c) 
Conditions to the use of the Base 
Prospectus by the Authorised 
Offeror(s): 
The Base Prospectus may only be 
used by the relevant Authorised 
Offeror(s) in connection with the 
making of an offer of the 
Securities to the public requiring 
the 
prior 
publication 
of 
a 
prospectus 
under 
the 
EU 
Prospectus Regulation (a "Non-
exempt 
Offer") 
in 
the 
jurisdiction[s] in which the Non-
exempt Offer is to take place. 
[Give details] 
 
If you intend to purchase Securities from an Authorised Offeror, you will do so, 
and such offer and sale will be made, in accordance with any terms and other 
arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and you, including as 
to price and settlement arrangements. The Issuer will not be a party to any such 
arrangements and, accordingly, the Base Prospectus does not contain such 
information. The terms and conditions of such offer should be provided to you 
by that Authorised Offeror at the time the offer is made. Neither the Issuer nor 
any Dealer has any responsibility or liability for such information.] 
 
[The Issuer does not consent to the use of the Base Prospectus by any person 
other than the Dealer.] 
[Not Applicable. The Issuer does not consent to the use of the Base Prospectus.] 
[Insert the following if "Swiss Non-Exempt Public Offer" is specified as "Yes"] 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus by the financial 
intermediary(ies) with whom the Issuer and/or Dealer has a contractual 
relationship in relation to the offer of the Securities in Switzerland ("Swiss 
Authorised Offeror(s)") during the Swiss Offer Period. 
[8.][9.][10.] EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
EU Benchmarks 
Regulation: Article 
29(2) statement on 
benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name]] (Repeat as 
necessary) 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] [appears/does not appear] in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation] (Repeat as 
necessary)  
[Insert for Securities linked to EURIBOR: EURIBOR is provided by the 
European Money Markets Institute. As at the date hereof, the European Money

--- Page 821 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
815 
 
Markets Institute appears in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation] 
[Insert for Securities linked to SOFR: SOFR is provided by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York. As at the date hereof, the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York does not appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation] 
[Insert for Securities linked to SONIA: SONIA is provided by the Bank of 
England. As at the date hereof, the Bank of England does not appear in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation] 
[Insert for Securities linked to €STR: €STR is provided by the European Central 
Bank. As at the date hereof, the European Central Bank does not appear in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation] 
[Insert for Securities linked to TONA: TONA is provided by the Bank of Japan. 
As at the date hereof, the Bank of Japan does not appear in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation] 
[[9.][10.][11.] INDEX DISCLAIMER[S] 
[For Index Linked Securities, insert the relevant index disclaimer(s)] 
[For Commodity Index linked Securities, insert the relevant commodity index disclaimer(s)]] 
 
[[10.][11.][12.] [CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES INFORMATION (For Credit Linked 
Securities only, insert the below)  
Certain information in relation to [the][each] Reference Entity and [Non-]Standard Reference 
Obligation (if any) as at the Issue Date is set out below. 
Name: 
[⚫] 
Address: 
[⚫] 
Country of incorporation: 
[⚫] 
Industry or industries of operation: 
[⚫] (For example financials, energy, insurance, 
manufacturing, construction, transport or 
media as determined on the basis of available 
information on the Reference Entity) 
Market[(s)] on which securities are admitted to 
trading: 
[⚫] 
[Non-]Standard Reference Obligation Securities 
Code: 
[⚫] 
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain 
from information published by the relevant Reference Entity and repeated for each Reference Entity. 
Country of incorporation, industry and address will be N/A for a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign 
and Securities Code (eg. ISIN/CUSIP) will be N/A if there is no Reference Obligation or it has no 
securities code. Please note that the permissible markets for a Reference Entity's securities to be 
admitted to trading on are regulated markets, equivalent third country markets and SME Growth

--- Page 822 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
816 
 
Markets – no Securities will be issued under the Programme where the Reference Entity (or issuer 
of the Reference Obligation) has no securities admitted to trading on such a permissible market, 
other than where such Reference Entity or Reference Obligation represents less than 20% of a pool 
of the relevant underlyings) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and further performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [(insert Reference Entity name)] is available [free of charge/at a charge] from 
[internationally recognised electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg] [and] [any website 
of such Reference Entity]. (Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)]

--- Page 823 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
817 
 
ISSUE-SPECIFIC SUMMARY OF THE SECURITIES90 
[Insert] 
 
90  
Include for securities with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000, unless such securities are to be traded only on a regulated market, 
 
or a specific segment thereof, to which only qualified investors can have access for the purposes of trading in such securities.

--- Page 824 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
818 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
The form of Pricing Supplement that will be issued in respect of each Tranche is set out below: 
[Include if applicable: MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Include if applicable: UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Securities is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the 
"EUWA") (as amended, "UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer's target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Include if applicable: PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"). where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPS 
Regulation. Notwithstanding the above, if the Dealer subsequently prepares and publishes a key 
information document under the EU PRIIPs Regulation in respect of the Securities, then the prohibition 
on the offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the EEA as 
described above shall no longer apply.] 
[Include if applicable: PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA") or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the UK Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(as amended, the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom

--- Page 825 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
819 
 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPS Regulation. Notwithstanding the above, if the Dealer 
subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under the UK PRIIPs Regulation in 
respect of the Securities, then the prohibition on the offering, sale or otherwise making available the 
Securities to a retail investor in the United Kingdom as described above shall no longer apply.] 
[Include for all Securities which may include any ESG considerations: There is currently no universally 
accepted, global framework or definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to 
what constitutes a "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" (Environmental, Social or 
Governance) or an equivalently-labelled product or project, or as to what precise attributes are required 
for a particular investment, product, project or asset to be defined as "green", "sustainable", "climate-
friendly", "social", "ESG" or such other equivalent label; nor can any assurance be given that such a 
globally accepted definition or consensus will develop over time.  
[Include for all Securities which may include any ESG considerations, other than Sustainable Securities: 
The Securities are not intended to and no assurance is or can be given to investors that they satisfy, in 
whole or in part, any present or future "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or 
equivalently-labelled certification, criteria, standard, guideline, taxonomy, label, voluntary guideline 
and/or other independent expectation with which an investor or its investments may be expected to 
comply or otherwise seeks to have. For example and without limitation, the Securities are not Green 
Bonds and/or Social Bonds as defined under the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green 
Bond Principles and/or Social Bond Principles; the Securities are not intended to qualify for the EU 
Green Bond Standard label; do not take into account any of the EU criteria for environmentally 
sustainable investments, including as set out under the EU Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2020/852) (or any equivalent regime); nor do they qualify as "sustainable investments" as defined under 
the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulations (Regulation (EU) 2019/2088) (or any equivalent 
regime).] 
[Include for Sustainable Securities that are not linked to Reference Asset(s): Save as specified in "Use of 
Proceeds" below, the Securities and the Eligible Projects are not intended to and no assurance is or can 
be given to investors that they satisfy, in whole or in part, any present or future "green", "sustainable", 
"climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled certification, criteria, standard, guideline, 
taxonomy, label, voluntary guideline and/or other independent expectation with which an investor or its 
investments may be expected to comply or otherwise seeks to have. For example and without limitation, 
the Securities are not intended to qualify for the EU Green Bond Standard label; do not take into account 
any of the EU criteria for environmentally sustainable investments, including as set out under the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2020/852) (or any equivalent regime); nor do they qualify as 
"sustainable investments" as defined under the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulations (Regulation 
(EU) 2019/2088) (or any equivalent regime). The value of and market for the Sustainable Securities may 
be negatively affected if any concerns should arise among investors or the market in general about the 
suitability of the Sustainable Securities as "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or 
equivalently-labelled bonds or if, more broadly, investor demand for "green", "sustainable", "climate-
friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled bonds diminishes due to evolving investor 
preferences, increased regulatory or market scrutiny of investments linked to environmental, social or 
sustainability objectives, or for other reasons.] 
[Include for Sustainable Securities that are linked to Reference Asset(s): Save as specified in "Use of 
Proceeds" below, the Securities or the Eligible Projects are not intended to and no assurance is or can be 
given to investors that they satisfy, in whole or in part, any present or future "green", "sustainable", 
"climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled certification, criteria, standard, guideline, 
taxonomy, label, voluntary guideline and/or other independent expectation with which an investor or its 
investments may be expected to comply or otherwise seeks to have. For example and without limitation, 
the Securities are not intended to qualify for the EU Green Bond Standard label; do not take into account 
any of the EU criteria for environmentally sustainable investments, including as set out under the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2020/852) (or any equivalent regime); nor do they qualify as 
"sustainable investments" as defined under the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulations (Regulation 
(EU) 2019/2088) (or any equivalent regime). [Include only where the Reference Asset(s) may not include 
any ESG considerations: In particular, while the net proceeds from the issuance of the Securities may be 
allocated to fund Eligible Projects, amounts payable and/or deliverable with respect to the Securities may 
be linked to the performance of one or more Reference Assets which do not align with and/or take into 
consideration any "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled 
certification, criteria, standard, guideline, taxonomy, label, voluntary guideline and/or other independent

--- Page 826 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
820 
 
expectation.] The value of and market for the Sustainable Securities may be negatively affected if any 
concerns should arise among investors or the market in general about the suitability of the Sustainable 
Securities as "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or equivalently-labelled bonds 
or if, more broadly, investor demand for "green", "sustainable", "climate-friendly", "social", "ESG" or 
equivalently-labelled bonds diminishes due to evolving investor preferences, increased regulatory or 
market scrutiny of investments linked to environmental, social or sustainability objectives, or for other 
reasons.]] 
Pricing Supplement dated [⚫] 
[J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V./JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [XZYUUT6IYN31D9K77X08]91 / 
[7H6GLXDRUGQFU57RNE97]92 
Secured Structured Securities Programme for the issuance of Notes, Warrants and Certificates 
[Guaranteed by 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.]93 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche (or, if booked in Units, the total number of Units)]94 
[Number of Warrants/Certificates (or, insert Aggregate Notional Amount, if booked in Notional)]95 
[Title of Securities] due [⚫] (the "Securities") 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the General Conditions[, the Payout Conditions] 
[and][,] the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions [and the Bond Linked Provisions] (as may be 
amended and/or supplemented up to, and including, [insert Issue Date]) set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated 18 July 2024 (the "Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] dated [insert the date(s) for 
supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] to the Base Prospectus]. This document constitutes the Pricing 
Supplement of the Securities described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Securities is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus [(as supplemented)]. The 
Base Prospectus and any supplements to the Base Prospectus are available from [The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch,96 at Vertigo Building, Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, 
Luxembourg] [BNP Paribas S.A., Germany Branch, Senckenberganlage 19, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany]97 [and in electronic form on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com)]98 
[and in electronic form on Euronext Dublin's website (www.euronext.com/en/euronext-dublin)]99.  
The following alternative language applies if either the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a programme with an earlier date or in the case of a new documentation of Securities 
after expiry of the period of validity of the base prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Conditions[, 
the Payout Conditions] and the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions set forth in the base 
 
91  
Include if JPMSP issuance. 
92  
Include if JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. issuance. 
93  
Include if JPMSP issuance. 
94  
Include if issuance of Notes. 
95  
Include if issuance of Warrants or Certificates. 
96  
Include if issuance of Registered Securities. 
97  
Include if issuance of German Securities. 
98  
Include if admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF. 
99 
Include if admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's GEM.

--- Page 827 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
821 
 
prospectus dated [⚫] [and the supplements dated [⚫] to the base prospectus], ([as so supplemented,] the 
"Original Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Securities 
described herein, and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the General 
Conditions[, the Payout Conditions] and the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions which are 
extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and which are incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of 
the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus [(as supplemented)] and the Original 
Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and any supplements to the Base Prospectus are available from 
[The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, at Vertigo Building, Polaris, 2-4 rue 
Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, Luxembourg]100 [BNP Paribas S.A., Germany Branch, Senckenberganlage 19, 
60325 Frankfurt am Main, Germany]101 [and in electronic form on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
website (www.luxse.com)]102.] 
This Pricing Supplement does not constitute final terms either for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation") or for the purposes of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, 
the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). The Issuer is not offering the Securities in any jurisdiction in 
circumstances which would require a prospectus pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. Nor is any person authorised to make such an offer of the Securities on behalf of 
the Issuer nor any Dealer in any jurisdiction. In addition, no application has been made (nor is it proposed 
that any application will be made) for listing the Securities on a regulated market for the purposes of 
[MiFID II]/[the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended)] or 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, 
"UK MiFIR"). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
either (i) remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs, or (ii) be revised based on the deletion of all individual paragraphs that are "Not 
Applicable". Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
100 
Include if issuance of Registered Securities.  
101 
Include if issuance of German Securities. 
102 
Include if admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF.

--- Page 828 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
822 
 
[Rows 1 – 66 of "Part A – Contractual Terms" of "Form of Final Terms" to be replicated here.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ________________________ 
Duly authorised 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By: ________________________ 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 829 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
823 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND 
ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
[Application [will be/has been] made for the Securities to be 
[listed and admitted to trading on [Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's Euro MTF [Euronext Dublin's GEM]] [and] [the] 
[multilateral trading facility EuroTLX ((organised and managed 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A)/SeDeX (MTF), the multilateral trading 
facility organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A./other 
(specify)] [Open Market (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange (Börse Frankfurt Zertifikate AG) [and]] [the regulated 
unofficial market (Freiverkehr) of the Stuttgart Stock Exchange 
(EUWAX)]] with effect from, at the earliest, the Issue Date. No 
assurances can be given that such application for [listing and] 
admission to trading will be granted (or, if granted, will be 
granted by the Issue Date).] 
 
[The Issuer has no duty to maintain the [listing and/or] 
admission to trading] (if any) of the Securities on the relevant 
[stock exchange/multilateral trading facility](s) over their entire 
lifetime. Securities may be suspended from trading [and/or de-
listed] at any time in accordance with applicable rules and 
regulations of the relevant [stock exchange/multilateral trading 
facility](s).] 
 
[The Securities will not be [listed or] admitted to trading on any 
exchange.] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Not Applicable/ 
 
The Securities to be issued have been rated: 
 
[S&P: [⚫]] 
 
[Moody's: [⚫]] 
 
[Fitch: [⚫]] 
 
[[Other]: [⚫]]/ [The Securities will not be rated] 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider)] 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency if other than S&P, Moody's or 
Fitch) is established in the European Union and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision has not 
yet been provided by the relevant competent authority.] / [(Insert 
credit rating agency) is established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009.] / [(Insert 
credit rating agency) is not established in the European Union 
and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009.] / [(Insert credit rating agency) is not established in 
the European Union but (insert endorsing credit rating agency), 
which is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, has 
indicated that it intends to endorse the ratings of (insert credit 
rating agency) where possible.]

--- Page 830 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
824 
 
[3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
[⚫]103] 
 
[[3.][4.] REASONS FOR THE OFFER/ISSUE, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES] 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" - if reasons for offer different from 
making profit and/or hedging certain risks, to include those 
reasons here) 
 
(Complete the following for Sustainable Securities) 
[Use of Proceeds 
The Securities are [Green]/[Social]/[Sustainability] Securities 
issued pursuant to the terms of JPMorgan Chase's Sustainable 
Bond 
Framework 
(available 
at 
[https://www.jpmorganchase.com/content/dam/jpmc/jpmorgan-
chase-and-co/documents/jpmc-sustainable-bond-
framework.pdf (or any successor website)]/[specify website]).] 
[JPMorgan Chase & Co. and/or its consolidated affiliates 
(collectively, "JPMorgan Chase") intends to allocate an 
amount equal to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Securities 
to fund [Eligible Green Projects] [and/or] [Eligible Social 
Projects] ([collectively,] the "Eligible Projects") on a portfolio 
basis, as described below.] Eligible Projects include projects for 
which JPMorgan Chase disburses funds up to 24 months prior 
to the issuance of the Securities. This may include either the 
financing or refinancing of projects that meet the following 
eligibility criteria or lending to clients that require financing for 
projects if the activity meets the following eligibility criteria: 
[Eligible Green Projects 
• 
Green 
buildings, 
including 
the 
development, 
construction, 
installation, 
operation, 
acquisition, 
maintenance, upgrades and associated costs relating to: 
– 
new or existing commercial or residential 
buildings that meet certain regional, national or 
internationally-recognised 
standards 
or 
certifications (ie., LEED Gold or greater, 
Energy Star 85 or greater, or Enterprise Green 
Communities for multifamily buildings); 
• 
Renewable 
and 
clean 
energy, 
including 
the 
development, transmission, construction, installation, 
operation, acquisition, maintenance, upgrades and 
associated costs relating to the following: 
– 
wind energy; 
– 
solar energy; 
 
103  
Only include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue, detailing the persons involved and the 
nature of the interest if any such interest or conflict interest that is material to the issue is different from that set out in the section of the 
Base Prospectus entitled "Conflicts of Interest".

--- Page 831 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
825 
 
– 
geothermal energy facilities with direct 
emissions of less than 100 grams of carbon 
dioxide per kilowatt-hour; and 
– 
hydrogen produced with renewable energy; 
• 
Sustainable transportation, including: 
– 
vehicles with zero tailpipe emissions (e.g., 
electric vehicles); and 
– 
clean mass transportation (i.e., less than 50 
grams of carbon dioxide per passenger-
kilometer).] 
[Eligible Social Projects 
• 
Small Business, including: 
– 
small businesses in low- and moderate-income 
("LMI") and/or majority Black, Hispanic and 
Latino census tracts, each as defined by the 
U.S. Bureau of the Census in the most recent 
decennial census; 
• 
Affordable Housing, including: 
– 
multi-family 
rentals 
subject 
to 
certain 
government restrictions (i.e., Low-Income 
Housing Tax Credit or Section 8 Housing 
Assistance Program contracts); and/or 
– 
projects where a majority of the project's units 
are affordable to, reserved for or restricted to 
individuals who earn under 80% of the Area 
Median Income ("AMI") or under 120% of the 
AMI for properties located in a high-cost area, 
as defined by the U.S. Department of Housing 
and Urban Development; 
• 
Home Ownership, including: 
– 
home purchase and refinance loans to LMI 
customers and/or Black, Hispanic and Latino 
borrowers or co-borrowers based on data 
collected under the Home Mortgage Data Act 
(HMDA) across all household income levels; 
• 
Education, including: 
– 
projects that promote access to education in 
LMI geographies, such as education-related 
non-profit or public sector organisations that 
provide services regardless of ability to pay; or  
• 
Healthcare, including: 
– 
projects that promote access to healthcare in 
LMI geographies, such as healthcare-related 
non-profit or public sector organizations that 
provide services regardless of ability to pay.]

--- Page 832 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
826 
 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from the issuance of the 
Securities will be allocated to fund the Eligible Projects included 
in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio (i.e., on a portfolio basis) or, 
pending allocation, invested temporarily in cash, cash 
equivalents and/or other high quality liquid assets. 
On an annual basis, JPMorgan Chase intends to prepare and 
make publicly available a report that will describe its allocation 
of the net proceeds of all outstanding Sustainable Securities, 
including any new issuances since its last report, to fund Eligible 
Projects within the Sustainable Asset Portfolio. 
[JPMorgan Chase intends for the issuance of the Securities to be 
aligned with the International Capital Market Association 
(ICMA) [Green Bond Principles (as updated in June 
2021)]/[Social 
Bond 
Principles 
(as 
updated 
in 
June 
2021)]/[Sustainability Bond Guidelines (as updated in June 
2021)] as at the issue date of the Securities.] 
[[Sustainalytics]/[specify provider] has provided a second party 
opinion in which it has stated its opinion that the Sustainable 
Bond Framework aligns with the International Capital Market 
Association (ICMA) [Green Bond Principles (as updated in June 
2021)]/[and]/[Social Bond Principles (as updated in June 
2021)]/[and]/[Sustainability Bond Guidelines (as updated in 
June 
2021)] 
(available 
at 
[https://www.sustainalytics.com/corporate-
solutions/sustainable-finance-and-lending/published-
projects/project/jpmorgan-chase-co/jpmorgan-chase-co.-
sustainable-bond-framework-second-party-opinion-
(2022)/jpmorgan-chase-co.-sustainable-bond-framework-
second-party-opinion-(2022) 
(or 
any 
successor 
website)]/[specify website]).] Any such opinion is solely in 
relation to the proposed use of proceeds under the terms of the 
Sustainable Bond Framework and does not apply in respect of 
the terms of the Securities. Any such opinion is only current as 
of the date it was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to be, 
a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold the Securities. The second party 
opinion does not form part of, is not incorporated in (whether in 
whole or in part), and shall not be deemed to be part of or 
incorporated in (whether in whole or in part), this Pricing 
Supplement or the Base Prospectus.] 
(Include further or other particulars for Green Securities, Social 
Securities or Sustainability Securities (as applicable) if different 
from the above)]] 
[(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[Not Applicable/[⚫]] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to 
fund all proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding)] 
[(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[Not Applicable/[⚫] (Include breakdown of expenses)] 
[[4.][5.] [FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
The yield is [⚫].]

--- Page 833 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
827 
 
[[4.][5.][6.] 
PERFORMANCE OF REFERENCE ASSET(S) AND OTHER 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE REFERENCE ASSET(S) 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the Reference Asset(s) 
can be obtained.] 
[Where the Reference Asset is an index need to include the name of the index and details of where the 
information about the index can be obtained. Where the underlying is not an index need to include 
equivalent information.]] 
[5.][6.][7.] 
POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION 
[The Issuer will not provide any post-issuance information with respect to the Reference Asset[s], 
unless required to do so by applicable law or regulation.]/[Not Applicable] 
[6.][7.][8.] 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes/No] [Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the 
Securities are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria] (include this text if "Yes" is 
selected in which case the Notes in global registered form must 
be held under the NSS or the Notes in global bearer form must 
be issued in NGN form) 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of this 
Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,](include this text for registered notes). Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] (include this 
text if "no" selected) 
ISIN: 
[⚫] 
[RIC: 
[⚫]]104 
[Common Code: 
[⚫]] 
[WKN: 
[⚫]]105 
Relevant Clearing System(s) [and 
the relevant identification 
number(s)]: 
[Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg / Clearstream Frankfurt 
/Euroclear France/ other /give number(s)] 
 
[For CREST CDI Securities, insert the following language: The 
Securities will be deposited with a common depository for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be accepted 
 
104  
Only applicable to Swiss Distributions. 
105  
Only applicable to German Securities.

--- Page 834 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
828 
 
for settlement in Euroclear UK & International Limited 
("CREST") via the CREST Depository Interest ("CDI") 
mechanism.] 
 
[For zloty-denominated Securities being cleared through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and bridged via the 
National Depository for Securities (Krajowy Depozyt Papierow 
Wartosciowych) for Polish investors, insert the following 
language: 
Euroclear/Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Polish 
investors will generally need to participate via an account with 
the National Depository for Securities or have an account with 
the participant of the National Depository for Securities. The 
National Depository for Securities will, in turn, have an account 
("bridge") with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg.] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
The Agents appointed in respect 
of the Securities are: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London 
EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building 
Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 
Luxembourg 
[BNP Paribas S.A. 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France]106 
[BNP Paribas S.A. Germany Branch 
Senckenberganlage 19 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany]107 
[Specify if not set out above] 
Registrar: 
[⚫] (Specify) / [Not Applicable] 
[[7.][8.][9.] 
INDEX DISCLAIMER 
[For Index Linked Securities, insert the relevant index disclaimer] 
[For Commodity Index linked Securities, insert the relevant commodity index disclaimer]] 
[[8.][9.][10.] [CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES INFORMATION (For Credit Linked Securities 
only, insert the below) 
Certain information in relation to [the][each] Reference Entity and [Non-]Standard Reference 
Obligation (if any) as at the Issue Date is set out below. 
Name: 
[⚫] 
 
106  
Only applicable to French Securities. 
107  
Only applicable to German Securities which are cleared through Clearstream Frankfurt.

--- Page 835 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
829 
 
Address: 
[⚫] 
Country of incorporation: 
[⚫] 
Industry or industries of operation: 
[⚫] (For example financials, energy, insurance, 
manufacturing, construction, transport or media 
as determined on the basis of available 
information on the Reference Entity) 
Market[(s)] on which securities are admitted to 
trading: 
[⚫] 
[Non-]Standard Reference Obligation Securities 
Code: 
[⚫] 
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain 
from information published by the relevant Reference Entity and repeated for each Reference Entity. 
Country of incorporation, industry and address will be N/A for a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign 
and Securities Code (eg. ISIN/CUSIP) will be N/A if there is no Reference Obligation or it has no 
securities code.) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and further performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [(insert Reference Entity name)] is available [free of charge/at a charge] from 
[internationally recognised electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg] [and] [any website of 
such Reference Entity]. (Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)] 
[9.][10.][11.] 
OTHER APPLICABLE TERMS 
[Insert if applicable]

--- Page 836 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
830 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Securities (by JPMSP or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as applicable) 
will be used by the relevant Issuer for its general corporate purposes (including hedging arrangements). 
To the extent that the net proceeds of an issue of Securities are not applied for the purposes of making 
profit and/or hedging certain risks, the relevant Issue Terms shall contain further information including 
the principal intended uses and the order of priority in which such uses are ranked. 
Net proceeds may be temporarily invested pending application for their stated purpose. 
Notwithstanding the above, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that the Securities are Green 
Securities, Social Securities or Sustainability Securities, as the case may be, JPMorgan Chase intends to 
allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from the issuance of the Securities to fund Eligible Green 
Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects (as provided in the relevant Issue Terms), in each case as 
described in "Information relating to Sustainable Securities".

--- Page 837 ---
Information Relating to Sustainable Securities 
 
831 
 
INFORMATION RELATING TO SUSTAINABLE SECURITIES 
The relevant Issue Terms may specify that the Securities are Green Securities ("Green Securities"), 
Social Securities ("Social Securities") or Sustainability Securities ("Sustainability Securities" and, 
together with Green Securities and Social Securities, "Sustainable Securities"), as the case may be. 
JPMorgan Chase has developed a firmwide sustainability strategy, and part of this strategy includes our 
issuance from time to time of Sustainable Securities. Sustainable Securities are issuances by JPMorgan 
Chase of Securities in which case JPMorgan Chase intends to allocate an amount equal to the net 
proceeds from the issuance of such Sustainable Securities to fund: 
• 
in the case of Green Securities, Eligible Green Projects (as described below); 
• 
in the case of Social Securities, Eligible Social Projects (as described below); and 
• 
in the case of Sustainability Securities, a combination of Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible 
Social Projects (collectively, "Eligible Projects") (in such proportion between Eligible Green 
Projects and Eligible Social Projects as is determined at the discretion of JPMorgan Chase), 
in each case on a portfolio basis, as described below. 
For purposes of such allocation, Eligible Projects include projects for which JPMorgan Chase disburses 
funds up to 24 months prior to the issuance of the relevant Securities. Any payment on the Securities will 
not be directly linked to the performance, maturity or termination of any Eligible Projects. 
Sustainable Securities will be issued pursuant to the terms of JPMorgan Chase's Sustainable Bond 
Framework (the "Sustainable Bond Framework"). The below description is based on the Sustainable 
Bond Framework as at the date of this Base Prospectus; however, JPMorgan Chase anticipates that it 
will periodically review the Sustainable Bond Framework in light of evolving market practices and 
applicable guidelines and, therefore, it is subject to change. Potential investors in Sustainable Securities 
should ensure to review the latest version of the Sustainable Bond Framework and the applicable Issue 
Terms for information on the use of proceeds of the relevant Sustainable Securities.  
The 
latest 
version 
of 
the 
Sustainable 
Bond 
Framework 
can 
be 
found 
at 
(https://www.jpmorganchase.com/about/governance/esg (or any successor website). The Sustainable 
Bond Framework does not form part of, is not incorporated in (whether in whole or in part), and shall 
not be deemed to be part of or incorporated in (whether in whole or in part), this Base Prospectus. The 
above website reference is provided for ease of reference only: none of the website or any information 
hosted on the website forms part of, is incorporated in (whether in whole or in part), or shall be deemed 
to be part of or incorporated in (whether in whole or in part), this Base Prospectus. 
Before investing in Sustainable Securities, prospective investors should carefully consider the 
information in Risk Factor 5.12 (There are risks associated with Sustainable Securities) above, 
as well as the other information in this Base Prospectus. 
Alignment with the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles, Social 
Bond Principles and/or Sustainability Bond Guidelines 
JPMorgan Chase intends for each issuance of Sustainable Securities as at their issue date to be aligned 
with the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles (as updated in June 
2021), the Social Bond Principles (as updated in June 2021) or the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (as 
updated in June 2021), in each case as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Each of these principles and 
guidelines (collectively, the "Principles") are voluntary guidelines that were developed by an industry 
working group administered by the International Capital Markets Association. The Principles are 
intended to promote integrity in the sustainable securities market through recommendations relating to 
transparency, disclosure and reporting. Representatives of JPMorgan Chase were among the co-authors 
of the original International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles introduced in 
2014, and as of the date of hereof, an employee of JPMorgan Chase serves as a representative of the 
underwriter community on the Executive Committee that oversees the Principles. 
In accordance with the Principles, JPMorgan Chase has adopted internal procedures for:

--- Page 838 ---
Information Relating to Sustainable Securities 
 
832 
 
• 
providing an undertaking that an amount equal to the net proceeds from each Sustainable 
Securities issuance will be allocated to fund Eligible Projects that meet the eligibility criteria 
described below; 
• 
evaluating and selecting Eligible Projects;  
• 
ensuring that an amount equal to the net proceeds from each Sustainable Securities issuance is 
allocated to fund Eligible Projects on a portfolio basis, as described below; and 
• 
on an annual basis, providing a publicly available report concerning the allocation of an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of all outstanding Sustainable Securities issued from and after October 
2022 to fund Eligible Projects. 
JPMorgan Chase's Undertaking 
JPMorgan Chase undertakes that, subject to any qualifications set forth in the relevant Issue Terms, it 
will allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of each issuance of Sustainable Securities to fund 
Eligible Projects on a portfolio basis. This may include either the financing or refinancing of projects 
that meet the following eligibility criteria or lending to clients that require financing for projects if the 
activity meets the following eligibility criteria: 
Eligible Green Projects 
• 
Green buildings, including the development, construction, installation, operation, acquisition, 
maintenance, upgrades and associated costs relating to: 
– 
new or existing commercial or residential buildings that meet certain regional, national 
or internationally-recognised standards or certifications (ie., LEED Gold or greater, 
Energy Star 85 or greater, or Enterprise Green Communities for multifamily buildings); 
• 
Renewable and clean energy, including the development, transmission, construction, 
installation, operation, acquisition, maintenance, upgrades and associated costs relating to the 
following: 
– 
wind energy; 
– 
solar energy; 
– 
geothermal energy facilities with direct emissions of less than 100 grams of carbon 
dioxide per kilowatt-hour; and 
– 
hydrogen produced with renewable energy; 
• 
Sustainable transportation, including: 
– 
vehicles with zero tailpipe emissions (e.g., electric vehicles); and 
– 
clean mass transportation (i.e., less than 50 grams of carbon dioxide per passenger-
kilometer). 
Eligible Social Projects 
• 
Small Business, including: 
– 
small businesses in low- and moderate-income ("LMI") and/or majority Black, Hispanic 
and Latino census tracts, each as defined by the U.S. Bureau of the Census in the most 
recent decennial census; 
• 
Affordable Housing, including: 
– 
multi-family rentals subject to certain government restrictions (i.e., Low-Income 
Housing Tax Credit or Section 8 Housing Assistance Program contracts); and/or

--- Page 839 ---
Information Relating to Sustainable Securities 
 
833 
 
– 
projects where a majority of the project's units are affordable to, reserved for or restricted 
to individuals who earn under 80% of the Area Median Income ("AMI") or under 120% 
of the AMI for properties located in a high-cost area, as defined by the U.S. Department 
of Housing and Urban Development; 
• 
Home Ownership, including: 
– 
home purchase and refinance loans to LMI customers and/or Black, Hispanic and Latino 
borrowers or co-borrowers based on data collected under the Home Mortgage Data Act 
(HMDA) across all household income levels; 
• 
Education, including: 
– 
projects that promote access to education in LMI geographies, such as education-related 
non-profit or public sector organisations that provide services regardless of ability to pay; 
or  
• 
Healthcare, including: 
– 
projects that promote access to healthcare in LMI geographies, such as healthcare-related 
non-profit or public sector organizations that provide services regardless of ability to 
pay. 
No assurance can be provided that the net proceeds of the offering of the relevant Sustainable Securities 
will be allocated to fund transactions during the term of the Sustainable Securities with the specific 
characteristics described above. 
Excluded activities 
JPMorgan Chase will not knowingly allocate proceeds from the issuance of Sustainable Securities to the 
following activities: 
• 
activities related to the exploration, production or transportation of fossil fuels (e.g., coal, oil 
and gas); 
• 
consumption of fossil fuels for the purpose of power generation; 
• 
nuclear energy; 
• 
activities involving exploitation of human rights, modern slavery (e.g., forced labour or human 
trafficking) or child labour; or 
• 
any other activity that it determines is ineligible for allocation of proceeds at the time of 
allocation. 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
Groups within JPMorgan Chase that are responsible for JPMorgan Chase's sustainability initiatives, 
including groups within JPMorgan Chase's Corporate Responsibility organisation (collectively, and 
including any successor team(s) or organisation(s), the "Sustainability Group"), will evaluate whether 
specific projects qualify as Eligible Projects under the eligibility criteria described above. The 
Sustainability Group will also select Eligible Projects for inclusion in a single conceptual portfolio of 
assets, which we refer to as the "Sustainable Asset Portfolio". The Sustainable Asset Portfolio and the 
Eligible Projects included in that portfolio, will not be segregated from other assets of JPMorgan Chase 
and its subsidiaries.  
The Sustainability Group may select an Eligible Project for inclusion in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio 
for up to 24 months from the date of the financing, investment or disbursement of funds for that Eligible 
Project. All projects selected by the Sustainability Group for inclusion in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio 
will have been previously and separately subject to review under applicable internal frameworks for 
environmental and social risk management.

--- Page 840 ---
Information Relating to Sustainable Securities 
 
834 
 
Once an Eligible Project has been selected for inclusion in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio, it will remain 
part of the Sustainable Asset Portfolio unless or until the relevant project is in default, has terminated, 
has been sold, is otherwise no longer outstanding or no longer meets the relevant eligibility criteria. 
Eligible Projects may be pledged as collateral for existing or future purposes unrelated to JPMorgan 
Chase's Sustainable Securities issuance. 
Management of the Proceeds 
Subject to any qualifications set forth in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount equal to the net proceeds 
from each issuance of Sustainable Securities will be allocated to fund the Eligible Projects included in 
the Sustainable Asset Portfolio (i.e., on a portfolio basis) or, pending allocation, invested temporarily in 
cash, cash equivalents and/or other high quality liquid assets. 
The Sustainability Group is responsible for reviewing the Sustainable Asset Portfolio at least annually 
with the aim of ensuring that:  
• 
the projects included in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio remain eligible for inclusion as described 
above; and  
• 
the aggregate nominal amount of all Eligible Projects included in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio 
meets or exceeds the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Sustainable Securities issued 
by JPMorgan Chase from and after October 2022, or in the event of any shortfall, an amount 
equal to the shortfall is temporarily invested in cash, cash equivalents and/or other high quality 
liquid assets pending allocation of such amount.  
In addition, the Sustainability Group is responsible for documenting its selection of Eligible Projects for 
inclusion in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio and the monitoring of the Sustainable Asset Portfolio as 
described above in accordance with an internal framework for attestation, controls and governance. 
Post-Issuance Reporting 
On an annual basis, JPMorgan Chase intends to prepare and make publicly available a report that will 
describe its allocation of the net proceeds of all outstanding Sustainable Securities, including any new 
issuances since its last report, to fund Eligible Projects within the Sustainable Asset Portfolio, at such 
level of detail as JPMorgan Chase deems practicable based on commercial, confidentiality and other 
relevant considerations. JPMorgan Chase intends to publish a report annually until the aggregate net 
proceeds of the relevant Sustainable Securities issuance(s) have been fully allocated to fund Eligible 
Projects, and thereafter, JPMorgan Chase may publish an update of any such report at its sole discretion. 
The 
relevant 
report 
and 
any 
update 
(if 
any) 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.jpmorganchase.com/about/governance/esg (or any successor website).  
JPMorgan Chase expects that each report or update that it publishes concerning the allocation of the 
proceeds of Sustainable Securities issuances will: 
• 
contain an assertion by its management that the aggregate nominal amount of all Eligible 
Projects included in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio meets or exceeds the aggregate principal 
amount of all outstanding Sustainable Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase from and after 
October 2022, or in the event of any shortfall, an amount equal to the shortfall is temporarily 
invested in cash, cash equivalents and/or other high quality liquid assets pending allocation of 
that amount; and 
• 
be accompanied by a related report from an independent accountant or an independent third 
party consultant with experience in environmental, social and governance research and analysis. 
JPMorgan Chase also intends to publish information, where feasible, concerning measures of the 
expected environmental or social impact of the Eligible Projects, as applicable, included in the 
Sustainable Asset Portfolio. JPMorgan Chase intends to publish any such information at 
https://www.jpmorganchase.com/about/governance/esg (or any successor website).  
External Review

--- Page 841 ---
Information Relating to Sustainable Securities 
 
835 
 
J.P. Morgan may from time to time engage an independent consultant with recognised expertise in ESG 
research and analysis to provide a second party opinion concerning the alignment of the Sustainable 
Bond Framework with the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles, the 
Social Bond Principles and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines. Any such opinion is solely in relation to 
the proposed use of proceeds under the terms of the Sustainable Bond Framework and does not apply in 
respect of any other terms of the Securities. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Sustainable Bond 
Framework has received a second party opinion by an independent consultant as detailed therein. Any 
such opinion is only current as of the date that opinion was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold 
Sustainable Securities. You must determine for yourself the relevance of any such opinion and/or the 
information contained therein for the purpose of any investment in Sustainable Securities. As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions are not subject to any specific oversight or 
regulatory or other regime. The second party opinion does not form part of, is not incorporated in 
(whether in whole or in part), and shall not be deemed to be part of or incorporated in (whether in whole 
or in part), this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 842 ---
Limitations of the Guarantee and Form of Guarantee 
 
836 
 
LIMITATIONS OF THE GUARANTEE AND FORM OF GUARANTEE 
The Guarantee of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is limited to a guarantee of the payment, delivery and 
other obligations which the Issuer has under the terms and conditions of the Securities, and the Guarantor 
may therefore apply all exclusions, exceptions and defences available to the Issuer under the terms and 
conditions of the Securities and at law. Accordingly, where the Issuer has failed to perform an obligation 
under the Securities but its failure to do so is excused under the terms and conditions of the Securities, 
then the Guarantor will not be obliged under the terms of its Guarantee to satisfy such failed obligation 
of the Issuer. For example, if the Issuer is prohibited, unable, or otherwise fails to make any payment, or 
any portion thereof or to perform any other obligation, because or arising out of an act of war, insurrection 
or civil strife, an action by any government or governmental authority or instrumentality thereof (whether 
de jure or de facto), legal constraint, terrorism, riots, or catastrophe, and the Calculation Agent therefore 
determines that a "Payment Disruption Event" has occurred (under General Condition 13.1 (Occurrence 
of a Payment Disruption Event) above), then the Guarantor will be under no obligation under the terms 
of its Guarantee to satisfy the Issuer's payment obligation for so long as the Issuer has postponed the 
making of such payment or ultimately written the obligation down to zero as a consequence of such 
"Payment Disruption Event". To the extent applicable, claims under the Guarantee will also only be 
permitted following enforcement of the Security Interests (as defined below) in respect of the Securities 
and application in full of the enforcement proceeds thereof. 
The following is the form of guarantee given by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in respect of the Securities 
issued by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. under the Programme. 
THIS GUARANTEE is made by way of deed on 18 July 2024 by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a 
national banking association organised under the federal laws of the United States of America (the 
"Guarantor"), in favour of the Beneficiaries (as defined below). 
WHEREAS: 
J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap 
met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands (the "Obligor"), may 
from time to time issue Notes (up to a programme limit of U.S.$2,500,000,000), Warrants and 
Certificates (each as defined in the Agency Agreement described below) under the Secured Structured 
Securities Programme for the issuance of Notes, Warrants and Certificates (the "Programme" and such 
Notes, Warrants and Certificates, the "Securities" and each a "Security") (each Holder (as defined in the 
"Conditions", which has the meaning given to it in the programme agreement relating to the Programme 
dated the date hereof, as amended or supplemented from time to time, between the Issuers, the Guarantor, 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc and the other dealers and arrangers named therein (the "Programme 
Agreement")) of Securities issued by the Obligor, a "Beneficiary" and together, the "Beneficiaries"), 
pursuant to (a) an agency agreement dated 18 July 2024 between, amongst others, the Obligor, the 
Guarantor, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch, J.P. Morgan Securities plc ("JPMS plc"), J.P. Morgan SE, BNP Paribas S.A. and 
UBS AG as may be amended and/or restated and/or replaced from time to time (the "Agency 
Agreement"), with the benefit of (b) (to the extent such Securities are governed by English law) a deed 
of covenant dated 18 July 2024 executed by the Obligor as may be amended and/or restated and/or 
replaced from time to time and (c) this guarantee (the "Guarantee"), under the terms and conditions set 
out in the Agency Agreement as completed and/or amended by (d) a Final Terms, a Pricing Supplement 
or a Securities Note (each as defined in the Agency Agreement) completing, amending and/or replacing 
the General Conditions, the Payout Conditions, the relevant Reference Asset Linked Conditions and, if 
"Bond Linked Provisions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Bond Linked 
Provisions (each as defined in the base prospectus dated 18 July 2024 (which expression shall include 
any supplement thereto and any replacement thereof) (the "Base Prospectus")), and such Securities may 
be subscribed by Dealers in accordance with (e) a programme agreement dated 18 July 2024 between, 
amongst others, the Obligor and JPMS plc as may be amended and/or restated and/or replaced from time 
to time (the foregoing, together the "Programme Documents").  
J.P. Morgan Securities plc, J.P. Morgan SE or such other entity named as such in the applicable 
Constituting Instrument (as defined in the Conditions) in respect of the Relevant Series of Securities (as 
defined in the Conditions) (the "Collateral Provider") will provide collateral (the "Collateral") in 
respect of all Series of Securities issued under the Programme. The Collateral will be held in one or more 
accounts with The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch (the "Collateral Custodian

--- Page 843 ---
Limitations of the Guarantee and Form of Guarantee 
 
837 
 
(Lux)") and/or with The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch (the "Collateral Custodian (UK)"). 
The Collateral Provider will grant one or more Luxembourg law security interests (each a "Luxembourg 
Law Pledge") over the Collateral held with the Collateral Custodian (Lux) and one or more English law 
security interests (each an "English Law Charge" and each of the Luxembourg Law Pledges and the 
English Law Charges, the "Security Interests") over the Collateral held with the Collateral Custodian 
(UK), depending on the accounts in which the Collateral for a particular Series of Securities is to be held, 
in favour of BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (and its successors from time to time) (the 
"Security Trustee") for the benefit of itself, any appointee thereof and the Holders in respect of a Series 
of Securities or the Linked Holders in respect of any Linked Series of Securities (each as defined in the 
Base Prospectus).  
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
Guarantee 
The Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees by way of deed poll to each Beneficiary that, 
if for any reason the Obligor does not pay any sum payable by it or perform any other obligation in 
respect of any Security issued by it on or after the date hereof (subject as provided in clause 8 (Deposit 
of Guarantee and Application)) on the date such payment or performance is due in accordance with the 
Conditions applicable to such Security (and for the avoidance of doubt, after any applicable delay or 
extinguishment due to any event or condition set out in the Conditions providing or allowing for delay 
or extinguishment in respect of the payment or performance of such obligation) the Guarantor will, 
subject to and in accordance with the Conditions, pay that sum in the currency in which such payment is 
due in immediately available funds or, as the case may be, perform or procure the performance of the 
relevant obligations on the due date for such performance. In case of the failure of the Obligor to satisfy 
such obligations as and when the same become due under the Conditions, the Guarantor hereby 
undertakes to make or cause to be made such payment or satisfy or cause to be satisfied such obligations 
as though the Guarantor were the principal obligor in respect of such obligations after a demand has been 
made on the Guarantor pursuant to clause 9 (Demand on Guarantor). To the extent applicable, claims 
under the Guarantee will only be permitted following enforcement of the Security Interests in respect of 
the Securities and application in full of the enforcement proceeds thereof.  
2. 
Guarantor as Principal Obligor 
As between the Guarantor and each Beneficiary but without affecting the Obligor's obligations, the 
Guarantor will be liable under this Guarantee as if it were the sole principal obligor and not merely a 
surety, subject as provided below. Accordingly, subject as provided below, the Guarantor will not be 
discharged, nor will its liability be affected, by (a) any change in the amount, time, manner or place of 
payment of, or in any other term of, any such obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any 
consent to departure from any of the terms of the Conditions or any such obligations; (b) any release, 
surrender or amendment or waiver of, or consent to departure from, any other guaranty or support 
document, or any exchange, release or non-perfection of any security, collateral or other credit support, 
for all or any of the Conditions or any such obligations; (c) the status of the Obligor as the debtor or 
subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding; (d) the absence of any action to enforce any of the 
Obligor's obligations or any collateral therefor; (e) the rendering of any judgment against the Obligor or 
any action to enforce the same; and (f) any admission by the Obligor in writing of its inability to pay or 
meet its debts as they may mature or if proceedings are initiated against the Obligor under any applicable 
insolvency or bankruptcy laws or the Obligor convenes a meeting of its creditors or makes or proposes 
to make any arrangements or compositions with or any assignment for the benefit of its creditors, save 
that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Guarantor shall not be liable under this Guarantee where, pursuant 
to the Conditions, the payment or performance by the Obligor in respect of its obligations is not due. In 
addition to and not in limitation of the preceding proviso, any defences or counterclaims of the Obligor 
(other than any resulting solely from, or available to the Guarantor solely on account of, the insolvency 
of the Obligor or the status of the Obligor as the debtor or subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceeding) shall also be available to the Guarantor to the same extent as such defences or counterclaims 
are available to the Obligor and may be asserted as defences or counterclaims by the Guarantor to its 
obligations hereunder with respect to such obligations of the Obligor, in each case whether or not asserted 
by the Obligor. 
3. 
Guarantor's Obligations Continuing

--- Page 844 ---
Limitations of the Guarantee and Form of Guarantee 
 
838 
 
The Guarantor's obligations under this Guarantee are and will remain in full force and effect by way of 
continuing security until no sum remains payable and no other obligation remains to be performed under 
any Security issued by the Obligor on or after the date hereof (in the case where the relevant Security is 
a Warrant (as defined in the Programme Documents), subject to its exercise). Furthermore, those 
obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and not instead of, any security or other guarantee or 
indemnity at any time existing in favour of any person, whether from the Guarantor or otherwise. 
4. 
Discharge by Obligor 
If any payment received by, or other obligation discharged to or to the order of, any Beneficiary is, on 
the subsequent bankruptcy or insolvency of the Obligor, avoided under any laws relating to bankruptcy 
or insolvency, such payment or obligation will not be considered as having discharged or diminished the 
liability of the Guarantor and this Guarantee will continue to apply as if such payment or obligation had 
at all times remained owing due by the Obligor. 
5. 
Subrogation 
The Guarantor (1) shall have the right, upon receipt of a demand under this Guarantee by a Beneficiary, 
to assume the rights and payment obligations of the Obligor to such Beneficiary, together with any right 
of the Obligor to cure any event of default by or relating to the Obligor, notwithstanding any notice of 
default/termination previously sent by such Beneficiary to the Obligor, and thereby rescind any notice of 
default/termination given by such Beneficiary, and (2) shall be subrogated to all rights of the 
Beneficiaries against the Obligor in respect of any amounts paid by the Guarantor pursuant to the 
provisions of this Guarantee; provided, however, that the Guarantor shall not be entitled to enforce or to 
receive any payments arising out of, or based upon, such right of subrogation until all amounts due and 
payable by the Obligor to the Beneficiaries in respect of the obligations subject to the aforesaid demand 
for payment, up to the time of such subrogation, have been paid in full. 
6. 
No Set-off 
By acceptance of this Guarantee, each of the Beneficiaries hereby waives any right it or any of its 
affiliates may have now or in the future (and irrespective of any future agreements among the Guarantor, 
the Obligor, the Beneficiaries or any of their respective affiliates) to set-off, combine, consolidate, or 
otherwise appropriate and apply (i) any assets of the Guarantor or any of its affiliates at any time held by 
any of them or (ii) any indebtedness or other liabilities at any time owing by any of them to the Guarantor 
or any of its affiliates, as the case may be, on account of the obligations or liabilities owed by the 
Guarantor to such party under this Guarantee. 
7. 
Incorporation of Terms 
The Guarantor agrees that it shall comply with and be bound by those provisions contained in the 
Programme Documents which relate to it. 
8. 
Deposit of Guarantee and Application 
This Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch for 
the benefit of the Beneficiaries.  
8.1 
Subject to clause 8.2 and 8.3 below, this Guarantee (i) applies in respect of each Security issued 
by the Obligor under the Programme on or after 18 July 2024 (the "Effective Date") and (ii) 
amends, supplants and replaces in its entirety, for all such Securities referred to in (i), the 
guarantee referenced in the base prospectus for the Programme dated 14 September 2023 (the 
"14 September 2023 Guarantee"). For the avoidance of doubt, the 14 September 2023 
Guarantee (and each guarantee of Securities by the Guarantor under the Programme preceding 
the 14 September 2023 Guarantee (if any), as applicable) shall continue to apply to all Securities 
issued under the Programme before the Effective Date in accordance with their terms, as 
applicable.  
8.2 
Securities issued on or after the Effective Date which are expressed to be consolidated and form 
a single series with Securities the first tranche of which was issued prior to the Effective Date, 
shall not have the benefit of this Guarantee but shall instead have the benefit of the same

--- Page 845 ---
Limitations of the Guarantee and Form of Guarantee 
 
839 
 
guarantee of the Guarantor under the Programme granted in respect of such first tranche of 
Securities 
8.3 
This Guarantee shall not apply in respect of any Securities issued on or after the date on which 
the Guarantor has granted a subsequent guarantee of Securities issued by the Obligor under the 
Programme and which subsequent guarantee is expressed to replace this Guarantee in relation 
to such Securities (unless expressly so provided in the terms of such subsequent guarantee, 
including in the circumstance of clause 8.2 above, where such Securities are to be consolidated 
and form a single series with Securities the first tranche of which was issued on or after the 
Effective Date but before the date on which the Guarantor has granted a subsequent guarantee). 
9. 
Demand on Guarantor 
Any demand hereunder shall be given in writing, addressed to the Guarantor and served at its office at 4 
Metrotech Center, Brooklyn, New York, 11245, United States of America, Attn: Finance Controllers, 
Interentity Analysis Group - Peter W Smith, Fax: 917-746-2267. A demand so made shall be deemed to 
have been duly made five New York Business Days (as used herein, "New York Business Day" means 
a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York) after the 
day it was served or if it was served on a day that was not a New York Business Day or after 5.30 p.m. 
(New York time) on any day, the demand shall be deemed to be duly made five New York Business 
Days after the New York Business Day immediately following such day. 
10. 
Not Insured 
This Guarantee is not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation of the United States of 
America. 
11. 
Governing Law 
This Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith shall be 
governed by and construed in accordance with English law. 
12. 
Jurisdiction 
This clause 12 is for the benefit of the Beneficiaries only. Subject as provided below, the courts of 
England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may, directly or indirectly, arise 
out of or in connection with this Guarantee including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection herewith and accordingly the Guarantor submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts to hear all suits, actions or proceedings (together hereinafter termed the 
"Proceedings") relating to any such dispute. The Guarantor waives any objection to the courts of 
England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. Nothing in this clause 12 
shall limit the rights of the Beneficiaries to take any Proceedings against the Guarantor in any other court 
of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
13. 
QFC Stay Rules 
Notwithstanding herein to the contrary: 
(a) 
to the extent required under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, this Guarantee and any interest 
or obligation in or under this Guarantee, or any property securing this Guarantee may be 
transferred to a transferee required under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime upon or 
following the Guarantor becoming subject to a receivership, insolvency, liquidation, resolution 
or similar proceeding unless the result of the transfer would result in a Beneficiary being the 
beneficiary of this Guarantee in violation of any law applicable to such Beneficiary; 
(b) 
in the event the Guarantor becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution 
Regime, the transfer of this Guarantee (and any interest and obligation in or under, and any 
property securing, this Guarantee) from the Guarantor will be effective to the same extent as the 
transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Guarantee (and any 
interest and obligation in or under, and any property securing, this Guarantee) were governed 
by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States;

--- Page 846 ---
Limitations of the Guarantee and Form of Guarantee 
 
840 
 
(c) 
in the event the Guarantor or an Affiliate of the Guarantor becomes subject to a proceeding 
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights with respect to this Guarantee that may 
be exercised against the Guarantor are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than the 
Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Guarantee 
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States; and 
(d) 
if, after the date of this Guarantee, both parties hereto shall have become adhering parties to the 
ISDA 2018 U.S. Resolution Stay Protocol, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. as of 31 July 2018 (the "ISDA U.S. QFC Protocol"), the terms of 
the ISDA U.S. QFC Protocol will supersede and replace this clause 13. 
For purposes of this clause 13, the following terms have the following meanings: 
"Affiliate" has the meaning given in section 2(k) of the Bank Holding Company Act (12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) 
and section 225.2(a) of the Board's Regulation Y (12 CFR 225.2(a)). 
"Default Right" means any: (i) right of a party, whether contractual or otherwise (including, without 
limitation, rights incorporated by reference to any other contract, agreement, or document, and rights 
afforded by statute, civil code, regulation, and common law), to liquidate, terminate, cancel, rescind, or 
accelerate such agreement or transactions thereunder, set off or net amounts owing in respect thereto 
(except rights related to same day payment netting), exercise remedies in respect of collateral or other 
credit support or property related thereto (including the purchase and sale of property), demand payment 
or delivery thereunder or in respect thereof (other than a right or operation of a contractual provision 
arising solely from a change in the value of collateral or margin or a change in the amount of an economic 
exposure), suspend, delay, or defer payment or performance thereunder, or modify the obligations of a 
party thereunder, or any similar rights; and (ii) right or contractual provision that alters the amount of 
collateral or margin that must be provided with respect to an exposure thereunder, including by altering 
any initial amount, threshold amount, variation margin, minimum transfer amount, the margin value of 
collateral, or any similar amount, that entitles a party to demand the return of any collateral or margin 
transferred by it to the other party or a custodian or that modifies a transferee's right to reuse collateral 
or margin (if such right previously existed), or any similar rights, in each case, other than a right or 
operation of a contractual provision arising solely from a change in the value of collateral or margin or a 
change in the amount of an economic exposure. 
"U.S. Special Resolution Regime" means the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1811–1835a) 
and regulations promulgated thereunder and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5381–5394) and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
14. 
Service of Process 
The Guarantor agrees that service of process in England may be made on it at its London branch. Nothing 
in this Guarantee shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
15. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of this Guarantee, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act.

--- Page 847 ---
Book-Entry Clearing Systems 
 
841 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The information appearing below is based on the Issuers' understanding of the rules and procedures 
of the relevant Clearing System as derived from public sources. These rules and procedures are subject 
to change. 
Securities held through a Relevant Clearing System 
See "Book-entry systems" below. Transfers of Securities which are held in a Relevant Clearing System 
may be effected only through the Relevant Clearing System(s) in which the Securities to be transferred 
are held. Title will pass upon registration of the transfer in the books of the Relevant Clearing System(s) 
and in accordance with the local laws, regulations and/or rules governing such Relevant Clearing 
Systems. 
Beneficial interests in the Global Securities will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected 
through, records maintained by the Relevant Clearing System(s) and its respective participants. 
Book-entry systems 
DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Clearstream Frankfurt have each published rules and 
operating procedures designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Global Securities among 
participants and accountholders of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Clearstream 
Frankfurt. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, 
and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuers, Guarantor, the 
Relevant Programme Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Clearstream Frankfurt or their respective direct or indirect participants or 
accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations 
and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on 
account of beneficial interests in the Securities represented by Global Securities or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests. 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt and Euroclear France  
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt and Euroclear France each hold securities 
for their customers and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic 
book-entry transfer between their respective account holders. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
Clearstream Frankfurt and Euroclear France provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt and Euroclear France also deal 
with domestic securities markets in several countries through established depository and custodial 
relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between 
their two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt and Euroclear France customers are world-wide 
financial institutions, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and 
clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt and 
Euroclear France is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship 
with an account holder of either system. 
DTC 
DTC is a limited-purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking Law, a "banking 
organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve 
System, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a 
"clearing agency" registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds 
and provides asset servicing for over 3.5 million U.S. and non-U.S. equity issues, corporate and 
municipal debt issues, and issues of money market instruments (from over 100 countries) that DTC's 
participants ("Direct Participants") deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the post-trade settlement 
among Direct Participants of sales and other securities transactions in deposited securities, through 
electronic computerised book-entry transfers and pledges between Direct Participants' accounts. This 
eliminates the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include both U.S. 
and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations, and certain

--- Page 848 ---
Book-Entry Clearing Systems 
 
842 
 
other organisations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation 
("DTCC"). DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed 
Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users 
of its regulated subsidiaries. Access to the DTC system is also available to others such as both U.S. and 
non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations that clear 
through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly 
("Indirect Participants"). DTC has a Standard & Poor's rating of AA+. The rules applicable to its 
participants are on file with the SEC. More information about DTC can be found at 
http://www.dtcc.com/. 
SIX SIS AG 
SIX SIS AG has been part of SIX Group since January 2008. SIX Group was formed at the beginning of 
2008 through the merger of SWX Group, SIS Group and Telekurs Group. 
As both a central securities depository and an international central securities depository, SIX SIS AG 
offers banks and other financial market participants the safe custody of securities, a full range of custody 
services and the settlement of securities transactions. SIX SIS AG settles securities transactions 
worldwide, including transactions in uncertificated securities. 
In the Swiss market, SIX SIS AG is part of the so-called Swiss value chain. The links to the SIX Swiss 
Exchange AG and the payment systems SIC/euroSIC, ensure fully automated settlement in central bank 
money. 
CDIs settling through CREST 
General information 
If specified in the relevant Issue Terms, investors will hold indirect interests in the Securities through 
CREST (being the system for the paperless settlement of trades and the holding of uncertificated 
securities operated by Euroclear UK & International Limited or any successor thereto in accordance with 
the United Kingdom Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001) by holding dematerialised depository 
interests ("CREST Depository Interests" or "CDIs"). 
CDIs are independent securities constituted under English law issued, held, settled and transferred 
through CREST. CDIs are issued by CREST Depository Limited or any successor thereto (the "CREST 
Depository") pursuant to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (in the form contained in Chapter 8 of 
the CREST International Manual (which forms part of the CREST Manual)) (as subsequently modified, 
supplemented and/or restated) (the "CREST Deed Poll"). CDIs are held through CREST in 
dematerialised uncertificated form in accordance with the CREST Deed Poll. CDIs in respect of 
Securities will be constituted, issued to investors and transferred pursuant to the terms of the CREST 
Deed Poll.  
CDIs represent indirect interests in the Securities to which they relate and holders of CDIs will not be 
the legal owners of the Securities.  
The Issuer will issue Securities with the intention that indirect interests in such Securities be held through 
CDIs. In order to enable the settlement of indirect interest in the relevant Securities within CREST, 
investors will need to hold such indirect interests via CDIs.  
Following the delivery of the Securities into a Relevant Clearing System permitted in the CREST 
Manual, indirect interests in Securities may be delivered, held and settled in CREST by means of the 
creation of dematerialised CDIs representing indirect interests in the relevant Securities. Interests in the 
Securities will be credited to the CREST nominee's account with Euroclear and the CREST nominee will 
hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue CDIs to the relevant CREST 
participants. The CDIs will therefore consist of indirect rights of a CDI holder in, or relating to, the 
Securities which are held (through the CREST nominee) on trust for the benefit of the CDI holder by the 
CREST Depository and will constitute a record acknowledging that the CREST nominee holds the 
Securities as nominee on behalf of the CREST Depository. The CDIs will be issued once the relevant 
Securities are credited to the CREST nominee's account. It is intended that CDIs will be issued to the 
relevant CREST participants on or around the Issue Date of the relevant Securities. However, CDIs may

--- Page 849 ---
Book-Entry Clearing Systems 
 
843 
 
be created at any time following the credit of relevant Securities to the CREST nominee's account with 
Euroclear. 
Each CDI will be treated as one Security represented by such CDI, for the purposes of determining all 
rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect thereof. The CREST Depository will pass on 
to holders of CDIs any interest or other amounts received by it as holder of the Securities on trust for 
such CDI holder. Therefore, the holders of CDIs are entitled to the proceeds from the Securities. If a 
matter arises that requires a vote of the Holders, J.P.Morgan may make arrangements to permit the 
holders of CDIs to instruct the CREST Depository to exercise the voting rights of the CREST nominee 
in respect of the Securities. However, there is no guarantee that it will be possible to put such voting 
arrangements in place for holders of CDIs. 
Transfers of interests in Securities by the CREST nominee to a participant of the Relevant Clearing 
System will be effected by cancellation of the CDIs and transfer of an interest in such Securities 
represented by the CDIs to the account of the relevant participant with the Relevant Clearing System. It 
is expected that the CDIs will have the same securities identification number as the ISIN of the Securities 
and will not require a separate listing on a recognised stock exchange. 
Investment considerations in respect of holding CDIs 
The rights of the holders of CDIs will be governed by the arrangements between CREST and the Relevant 
Clearing System, including the CREST Deed Poll executed by the CREST Depository. These rights may 
be different from those of holders of Securities which are not represented by CDIs. 
Rights in respect of the Securities cannot be enforced by holders of CDIs except indirectly through the 
CREST Depository and CREST nominee who in turn can enforce rights indirectly through the 
intermediary depositories and custodians described above. The enforcement of rights in respect of the 
Securities will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant intermediary. 
These arrangements could result in an elimination or reduction in the payments that otherwise would 
have been made in respect of the Securities in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant 
intermediary, in particular where the Securities held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose 
accounts and are fungible with other securities held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of 
the relevant intermediaries.  
Holders of CDIs will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions of or 
prescribed pursuant to the CREST International Manual (November 2014) issued by Euroclear UK & 
International Limited and as amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time to time (the "CREST 
Manual") and the CREST Rules (contained in the CREST Manual) (the "CREST Rules") applicable to 
the CREST International Settlement Links Service. Holders of CDIs must comply in full with all 
obligations imposed on them by such provisions. 
Investors in CDIs should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual and the 
CREST Rules contain indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings to be given by holders 
of CDIs and limitations on the liability of the CREST Depository as issuer of the CDIs. Holders of CDIs 
may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, representations and 
undertakings in excess of the money invested by them.  
Investors in CDIs should note that holders of CDIs may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and 
expenses to the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement 
Links Service. These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST Depository in respect of 
the provision of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or 
expenses which may be or become payable in connection with the holding of the Securities through the 
CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
Investors in CDIs should note that none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Dealers and the 
Arranger will have any responsibility for the performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct 
or indirect participants or accountholders acting in connection with CDIs or for the respective obligations 
of such intermediaries, participants or accountholders under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations.

--- Page 850 ---
Book-Entry Clearing Systems 
 
844 
 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Dealers and the Arranger makes any representation 
or warranty as to the tax consequences of an investment in CDIs and/or the tax consequences of the 
acquisition, holding, transfer or disposal of CDIs by any investor (including, without limitation, whether 
any stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, excise, severance, sales, use, transfer, documentary or any other 
similar tax, duty or charge may be imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any government, 
applicable tax authority or jurisdiction on the acquisition, holding, transfer or disposal of CDIs by any 
investor). The tax consequences for each investor in CDIs can be different. For example, while not 
certain, an investor that holds CDIs could be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as if it held 
the underlying security. Therefore, investors and counterparties should consider consulting with their tax 
advisers as to their specific consequences. 
The attention of Investors in CDIs is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual 
and the CREST Rules, copies of which are available from Euroclear UK & International Limited at 33 
Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB or by calling +44 (0)20 7849 0000 or from the Euroclear UK & 
International Limited website at www.euroclear.com/site/public/EUI.

--- Page 851 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
845 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated programme agreement 
dated 18 July 2024, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time (the "Programme 
Agreement"), between the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers and the Arranger, the Securities will be 
offered on a continuous basis by the relevant Issuer to the Dealers. However, each Issuer has reserved 
the right to sell Securities directly on its own behalf to Dealers that it may appoint for such purpose from 
time to time. The price and amount of Securities to be issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the relevant Issuer and Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
The Securities may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such 
resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Securities may also be sold by the relevant Issuer 
through the Dealers, acting as agents of the relevant Issuer. The Programme Agreement also provides for 
Securities to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more 
Dealers. If a Tranche of Securities is syndicated, the details of such syndication will be specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. The application procedures to be followed by the Issuer and the Dealers in relation 
to an issue of Securities are set out in the procedures memorandum dated 18 July 2024.  
The relevant Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of 
Securities subscribed by it.  
The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Securities in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Securities being made to the relevant Issuer. 
Any person who purchases Securities at any time is deemed to have acknowledged, understood and 
agreed to comply with the selling restrictions set out below. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
The Securities, the Guarantee and, in certain instances, the securities to be delivered upon redemption or 
exercise of the Securities, if any, have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or the 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Trading in the Securities and the Guarantee 
has not been approved by the CFTC under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act. The Securities issued by 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the rules 
of the OCC. 
The Securities (other than Rule 144A Securities and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities being offered 
and sold pursuant to Rule 144A) are being offered and sold pursuant to the exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act contained in Regulation S and, with respect to CREST CDI Securities, also 
subject to the persons to whom such Securities are offered and sold having entered into, and remaining 
in compliance with, an Investor Letter of Representations.  
The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the Guarantee may also be offered or sold in 
reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 
3(a)(2) thereof and will be offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements 
of the OCC (including, in the case of offers or sales outside the United States, in compliance with 
Regulation S as such regulation is incorporated into the regulations of the OCC pursuant to 12 C.F.R. 
Section 16.5(g)).  
The Securities (other than Rule 144A Securities and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities being offered 
and sold pursuant to Rule 144A) may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. Person at any 
time nor offered, sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised or redeemed at any time within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person; provided, however, that this 
restriction shall not apply to a U.S. Person that is an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities 
Act) of the Issuer. Hedging transactions involving "equity securities" of "domestic issuers" (as each such 
term is defined in the Securities Act and regulations thereunder) may only be conducted in compliance 
with the Securities Act, and hedging transactions must be conducted only in compliance with the 
Commodity Exchange Act. 
Any person who purchases Securities at any time is deemed to have acknowledged and understood the 
selling restrictions set out above and is also required to make, or is deemed to have made, the

--- Page 852 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
846 
 
representations and agreements as set out below under "— United States" and under "Purchaser 
representations and requirements and transfer restrictions" as a condition to purchasing such Security 
or any legal or beneficial interest therein. 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the relevant Issuer and the Dealer(s) (e.g. 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive). Any such modification will be set out in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Save for the approval of this document as a Base Prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") and the notification 
by the CSSF to the competent authorities in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, 
Liechtenstein, The Netherlands and Spain of such approval, no action has been taken in any jurisdiction 
that would permit a public offering of any of the Securities, or possession or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any of the documents incorporated by reference therein or any other offering material or 
any Issue Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  
J.P. Morgan Securities plc, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited, 
J.P. Morgan Securities Australia Limited, JPMorgan Securities Japan Co., Ltd. and J.P. Morgan SE have 
agreed and any Dealer who is appointed by the relevant Issuer in connection with an issue of Securities 
will agree that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or has in its 
possession or distributes this Base Prospectus or any of the documents incorporated by reference therein, 
any other offering material or any Issue Terms or Securities Note (as applicable) and neither JPMSP, 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. 
Andorra 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed will be required to represent 
and agree, that the Securities will only be offered, marketed, distributed or sold, or any marketing 
materials distributed in the Principality of Andorra relating thereto, in accordance with the requirements 
set forth by the laws of Andorra, in particular: Law 7/2013, 9, May, on the regime for the operating 
entities in the Andorran financial system and other provisions which govern the financial activities at the 
Principality of Andorra ("Law 7/2013") "Llei 7/2013, del 9 de maig, sobre el règim jurídic de les entitats 
operatives del sistema financer andorrà i altres disposicions que regulen l'exercici de les activitats 
financeres al Principat d'Andorra" and Law 8/2013, 9, May, on the organizational requirements and 
operating conditions of the operating entities in the Andorran financial system, the investor protection, 
the market abuse and financial securities agreements ("Law 8/2013") "Llei 8/2013, del 9 de maig sobre 
els requisits organitzatius i les condicions de funcionament de les entitats operatives del sistema 
financer, la protecció de l'inversor, l'abús de mercat i els acords de garantia financera", as well as or 
any other related regulations that may be in force from time to time, as further amended, supplemented 
or restated governing the issue, offer and sale of Securities in the Principality of Andorra. 
Accordingly, the Securities can only be publicly offered, marketed, promoted or negotiated in the 
Principality of Andorra by locally licensed entities "entitats operatives del sistema financer andorrà" 
authorised by the Andorran Financial Authority "Autoritat Financera Andorrana" to distribute Securities 
within the Principality of Andorra (i.e. banking entities, collective investment scheme management 
companies and both investment financial companies and agencies).  
The Securities may only be offered or distributed exclusively to locally licensed entities in accordance 
with the laws of Andorra, or sell them to Andorran professional investors, as defined in Law 8/2013, as 
long as the selling of such Securities is expressly solicited by such investors. 
Australia 
The Base Prospectus has not been, and no prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (the "Corporations Act")) in relation to the Programme or the Securities 
has been or will be, lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC") and 
no recommendation to acquire, no invitation to apply for, no offer to apply for or buy, no offer to arrange 
the issue or sale of, nor any offer for issue or sale of, any securities in Australia, will be made, except as 
set out below. The Issuer has not authorised nor taken any action to prepare or lodge with the ASIC an 
Australian law compliant prospectus or product disclosure statement.

--- Page 853 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
847 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that unless the relevant Issue Terms (or another supplement to this 
Base Prospectus) otherwise provides, it: 
(a) 
has not made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer of the Securities for issue or sale 
in Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any information 
memorandum or any other offering material or advertisement relating to any Securities in 
Australia, 
unless: 
 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or its equivalent in an 
alternate currency, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates); 
 
the offer or invitation does not otherwise require disclosure to investors under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 
of the Corporations Act; 
 
the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a "retail client" as defined for the purposes 
of section 761G of the Corporations Act; 
 
such action complies with any other applicable laws, regulations or directives in Australia; and 
 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or any other regulatory 
authority in Australia. 
Austria 
For selling restrictions in respect of Austria, please see "European Economic Area" below. 
Belgium 
For selling restrictions in respect of Belgium, please see "European Economic Area" below and in 
addition: 
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted for approval to the Financial Services and Markets 
Authority. Accordingly, investments instruments (as defined in the law of 11 July 2018 on offerings to 
the public of investment instruments and the admission of investment instruments to trading on regulated 
markets, as amended or replaced from time to time (the "Prospectus Law")) that do not qualify as 
securities (as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), including Securities that have a maturity of less 
than 12 months and qualify as money market instruments, and that therefore fall outside the scope of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation, may not be distributed in Belgium by way of an offering to the public, as 
defined in and subject to the exemptions set out in the Prospectus Law. 
Any offeror of Securities will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or market 
Securities to any person that qualifies as a "consumer" within the meaning of Article I.1.2 of the Belgian 
Code of Economic Law (the "Code"), as amended from time to time, unless such offer, sale or marketing 
is made in compliance with the Code and its implementing regulation. 
Bermuda 
The Securities being offered hereby are being offered on a private basis to investors who satisfy the 
criteria outlined in this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus is not subject to, and has not received 
approval from, either the Bermuda Monetary Authority or the Bermuda Registrar of Companies and no 
statement to the contrary, explicit or implicit, is authorised to be made in this regard. The Securities may 
be offered or sold in Bermuda only in compliance with the provisions of the Investment Business Act 
2003 of Bermuda and the Investment Funds Act 2006 of Bermuda which regulate the sale or promotion 
of securities in Bermuda. Additionally, non-Bermudian persons (including companies) may not carry on 
or engage in any trade or business in Bermuda unless such persons are authorised to do so under 
applicable Bermuda legislation. Engaging in the activity of offering or marketing the Securities in 
Bermuda to persons in Bermuda may be deemed to be carrying on business in Bermuda.

--- Page 854 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
848 
 
British Virgin Islands ("BVI") 
The Securities may not be offered to the public in the British Virgin Islands unless the Issuer or the 
person offering the Securities on its behalf is licensed to carry on business in the British Virgin Islands. 
The Issuers are not licensed to carry on business in the British Virgin Islands. The Securities may be 
offered to British Virgin Islands business companies (from outside the British Virgin Islands) without 
restriction. A "British Virgin Islands business company" is a BVI company formed under or otherwise 
governed by the BVI Business Companies Act 2004 of the BVI. 
This Base Prospectus is not an offer to sell, or a solicitation or invitation to make offers to purchase or 
subscribe for, the Securities or any other securities or investment business services in the BVI. This Base 
Prospectus may not be sent or distributed to persons in the BVI and the Securities are not available to, 
and no invitation or offer to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire the Securities will be made to, 
persons in the BVI. However, the Securities may be offered and sold to business companies incorporated 
in the BVI and international limited partnerships formed in the BVI, provided that any such offering and 
sale is made outside the BVI or is otherwise permitted by BVI legislation. 
Cayman Islands 
Each Dealer and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it does not intend to establish a place of business 
or otherwise intend to conduct business in the Cayman Islands. Accordingly the Dealers and the Issuer, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme, should not be subject to the supervision of any 
Cayman Islands authority. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it shall not offer and sell Securities from a place of business 
within the Cayman Islands (including an offering from an internet or other electronic service provider 
located in the Cayman Islands) or in a manner constituting the establishment of a place of business or 
the commencement of business in the Cayman Islands unless it is appropriately registered and licensed 
or otherwise permitted to undertake such an offer or sale under applicable laws (including, without 
limitation, the Securities Investment Business Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands). 
A Dealer may therefore offer and sell Securities to investors resident and incorporated in the Cayman 
Islands, which do not fall within the definition of "public in the Islands", without restriction under 
Cayman Islands regulation on such Dealer or the Issuer if such Dealer and the Issuer are, according to 
applicable Cayman Islands law, not located in the Cayman Islands (as a branch, an incorporated entity, 
a resident or otherwise) and do not have a place of business in and/or have not commenced the carrying 
on of business in the Cayman Islands. 
No Securities may be sold by or on behalf of the Issuer within the Cayman Islands if such sale would 
require the Issuer to be registered as a foreign company under the Companies Act (As Revised) of the 
Cayman Islands. 
Czech Republic 
For selling restrictions in respect of the Czech Republic, please see "European Economic Area" below. 
Denmark  
For selling restrictions in respect of Denmark, please see "European Economic Area" below. 
European Economic Area 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
to be "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in 
that Member State:

--- Page 855 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
849 
 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may be 
made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that Member State 
(a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such 
Securities which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Member State , provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final 
terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt 
Offer;  
(b) 
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation;  
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(d) 
in any other circumstances falling within Articles 1(3), 1(4) and/or 3(2)(b) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation (as may be locally implemented),  
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Securities to the public" in relation to 
any Securities in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities, and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, and includes any relevant implementing measures in the Member State. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that any commission, fee or non-monetary benefit received from the 
relevant Issuer complies with the applicable rules set out in the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, "MiFID II"). 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" to be "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case where the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities does not 
specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" to be not applicable but where the Dealer 
subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the "EU PRIIPs KID Regulation") in respect of such Securities, then following such

--- Page 856 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
850 
 
publication, the prohibition on the offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail 
investor in the European Economic Area as described above shall no longer apply. 
Finland  
For selling restrictions in respect of Finland, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the relevant Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
offer to the public non exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus in France: it has 
only made and will only make an offer of Securities to the public non exempted from the 
obligation to publish a prospectus in France or an admission of Securities to trading on a 
regulated market in France in the period beginning (i) when a prospectus in relation to those 
Securities has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF"), on the date of 
such publication, or (ii) when a prospectus in relation to those Securities has been approved by 
the competent authority of another Member State of the European Economic Area, in 
accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, as amended, on the date of notification of such 
approval to the AMF in accordance with Article 25 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, and ending 
at the latest on the date which is 12 months after the date of approval of the prospectus, all in 
accordance with Articles 3 and 12 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, Articles L. 412-1 and L. 
621-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier and relevant provisions of the Réglement 
Général of the AMF; or 
(b) 
offer to the public exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus (private placement) in 
France: it has only made and will only make an offer of Securities in France only in 
circumstances that do constitute an offer to the public exempted from the obligation to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Articles L.411-2 and L. 411-2-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier and more particularly to (a) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in, 
and in accordance with, Article L.411-21° of the French Code monétaire et financier and Article 
2(e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation; and/or (b) a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint 
d'investisseurs) other than qualified investors, provided that such investors are acting for their 
own account, in accordance with, Articles L. 411-2 1° and D. 411-4 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier and/or (c) investors who acquire Securities for a total consideration of at 
least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) per investor, for each separate offer 
in accordance with Article L. 411-2-1 2° of the French Code monétaire et financier and Article 
211-2 II of the Règlement Général of the AMF and/or (d) Securities whose nominal amount or 
equivalent amounts is at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) in accordance 
with Article L. 411-2-1 3° of the French Code monétaire et financier and Article 211-2 III of 
the Règlement Général of the AMF. 
Germany 
For selling restrictions in respect of Germany, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
Greece 
For selling restrictions in respect of Greece, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed that the Securities have not been authorised by the Hong 
Kong Securities and Futures Commission. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Securities (except for any "structured product" which falls within paragraph (g) of the 
definition of "securities" as those terms are defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) ("Securities and Futures Ordinance")) other than (a) 
to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules

--- Page 857 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
851 
 
made under that Ordinance; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document 
being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the 
meaning of that Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in 
its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Securities, which is directed at, or the contents of which 
are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under 
the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Securities which are or are intended 
to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as 
defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
Hungary 
For selling restrictions in respect of Hungary, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
These Securities are issued via private placement. 
India 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be deemed 
to be a "prospectus", as defined under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (18 of 2013) and the 
same shall not be filed with either the Registrar of Companies in India or any other regulatory authority, 
and that they have not offered nor sold and will not offer nor sell any Securities, nor have they circulated 
or distributed nor will they circulate nor distribute the Base Prospectus or any other offering document 
or material relating to the Securities to the Indian public. However, the Securities may be privately placed 
with a limited number of sophisticated private and institutional investors. The Securities are not 
registered and/or approved by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the Reserve Bank of India or 
any other governmental/ regulatory authority in India. 
Pursuant to the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the regulations issued there under, any 
investor resident in India may be required to obtain prior special permission of the Reserve Bank of India 
before making investments outside of India, including any investment in the Securities. Any eligible 
investor who is resident of India will be entirely responsible for determining its eligibility to invest in the 
Securities. 
Neither the Dealer nor the Issuer guarantees or promises to return any portion of the money invested 
towards the Securities by an investor and an investment in the Securities is subject to applicable risks 
associated with an investment in the Securities. 
Each Dealer has consented to the provision by the Issuer and its associates/affiliates to any Indian 
government, judicial or regulatory authority of any information regarding it and its dealings in the 
Securities as required under applicable Indian regulations and/or as requested by any Indian 
governmental, judicial or regulatory authority. Each Dealer has agreed to promptly provide to the Issuer, 
or directly to the relevant Indian governmental, judicial or regulatory authority (and confirm to the 
relevant Issuer when it has done so), such additional relevant information that the Issuer deems necessary 
or appropriate in order for the Issuer to comply with any such regulations and/or requests. 
Each Dealer has agreed to promptly notify the relevant Issuer should any of the representations, 
warranties, agreements and undertakings given by them change or no longer hold true. Each Dealer has 
also represented that any sale, transfer assignment, novation or other disposal of the Securities by the 
Dealers, whether direct or indirect, will be subject to the acquiring entity giving substantially the same 
consents, representations and warranties to the Dealer as set out herein. 
Indonesia 
The Securities offered under this Base Prospectus are not and will not be registered with the Financial 
Services Authority (Otoritas Jasa Keuangan, "OJK") and the Commodity Futures Trading Supervisory 
Agency ("Bappebti") or other agencies for sale in Indonesia. As such, marketing, offering and sale of 
these Securities (including the distribution and dissemination of this Base Prospectus as well as other 
written materials either through advertisements or other media (including internet)) are not authorised by

--- Page 858 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
852 
 
the OJK, Bappebti and/or such other agencies for their sale by public offering in the Indonesian territory 
and/or to Indonesian citizens wherever they are domiciled or to Indonesian entities or residents in the 
Indonesian territory in circumstances which constitute a public offering of securities under the 
Indonesian Law No. 8/1995 regarding Capital Market. Likewise, the Securities and the Base Prospectus 
have not been reviewed, registered or authorised by the OJK for their distribution through banking 
institutions in Indonesia. Further the Securities distributed for sale under the Base Prospectus are not 
guaranteed by the Indonesian Deposit Insurance Corporation (Lembaga Penjamin Simpanan, "LPS") in 
the event they are marketed and distributed to the investors through banking channels. 
The Securities offered under this Base Prospectus are complex financial instruments and may not be 
suitable for certain investors, including institutional investors. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the 
number of natural or legal persons resident in Indonesia offered Securities on a cross border basis shall 
be 100 or fewer or purchased by 50 or fewer. Investors that intend to purchase the Securities should 
consult with their tax and financial advisors to ensure that the Securities that the investors intend to 
purchase meet their individual investment objective before making such purchase. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that (and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that) it has not offered, sold, placed or 
underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the Securities, or do anything in Ireland in 
respect of the Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of: 
(a) 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (EU Prospectus Regulation), Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980 (PR Regulation), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/989 (RTS 
Regulation) and any Central Bank of Ireland ("Central Bank") rules issued and / or in force 
pursuant to Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended); 
(b) 
the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended); 
(c) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) and it 
will conduct itself in accordance with any rules or codes of conduct and any conditions or 
requirements, or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank, and it will 
assist the Issuer in complying with its obligations thereunder;  
(d) 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 16 April 2014 on 
market abuse, the European Union Market Abuse Regulations 2016 and any Central Bank rules 
issued and / or in force pursuant to Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as 
amended), and it will assist the Issuer in complying with its obligations thereunder; 
(e) 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 
2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment 
products (PRIIPs); and 
(f) 
the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2023 (as amended) and any codes of conduct rules made under 
Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of any Securities has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Securities may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or 
of any other document relating to the Securities be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to the 
EU Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
as amended from time to time (the "Financial Services Act") and Article 34-ter of CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time (the "Regulation No. 
11971").

--- Page 859 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
853 
 
Any offer, sale or delivery of any Securities or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to any Securities in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must: 
 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 
of 1 September 1993, as amended from time to time (the "Banking Act"); and 
 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 
of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 
2015, as amended on 10 August 2016, on 2 November 2020 and from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority. 
Please note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Securities in the Republic of Italy, the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and the Financial Services Act may require compliance with the law relating to 
public offers of securities. Furthermore, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services 
Act, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies, Securities which are initially offered 
and placed in Italy or abroad to professional investors only but in the following year are "systematically" 
distributed on the secondary market in Italy become subject to the public offer and the prospectus 
requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. Failure to 
comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Securities being declared null and void and in the 
liability of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the 
investors. 
Japan 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold 
and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Securities, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident 
of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of 
Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Jersey 
The Securities shall not be offered or sold to any person in Jersey and this Base Prospectus shall not be 
circulated in Jersey. 
Korea, Republic of 
The Securities have not been registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea for public 
offering in Korea. None of the Securities may be offered, sold and delivered directly or indirectly, or 
offered or sold to any person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident 
of Korea except pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of Korea, including the Financial 
Investment Services and Capital Markets Act and the decrees and regulations thereunder (the "Securities 
and Exchange Laws") and the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law of Korea and the decrees and 
regulations thereunder (the "Foreign Exchange Transaction Laws"). Without prejudice to the 
foregoing, the number of Securities offered in Korea or to a resident in Korea shall be less than 50 and 
for a period of one year from the issue date of the Securities, none of the Securities may be divided 
resulting in an increased number of Securities. Furthermore, the purchaser of the Securities shall comply 
with all applicable regulatory requirements (including but not limited to requirements under the Foreign 
Exchange Transaction Laws) in connection with the purchase of the Securities. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly, or 
offered or sold to any person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, any Securities in Korea or to

--- Page 860 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
854 
 
any resident of Korea and will not offer, sell or deliver directly or indirectly or offer or sell to any person 
for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, any Securities in Korea or to any resident of Korea, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
Securities and Exchange Laws, Foreign Exchange Transaction Laws and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Korea. 
Liechtenstein 
For selling restrictions in respect of Liechtenstein, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
Malaysia 
The Securities may not be offered for subscription or sale, sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, 
directly or indirectly, nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed, in 
Malaysia unless such offer, sale or invitation falls within (i) Schedule 5 to the Capital Markets and 
Services Act 2007 ("CMSA"), (ii) Schedule 6 or 7 to the CMSA as an "excluded offer" or "excluded 
invitation" or "excluded issue" within the meaning of sections 229 and 230 of the CMSA or offered to a 
sophisticated investor which satisfies the requirement set out in the Guidelines on Categories of 
Sophisticated Investors and, additionally, where such Securities are debentures (as defined in the 
CMSA), (iii) Schedule 8 such that the trust deed requirements in the CMSA are not applicable.  
Each Dealer has represented and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and undertake, that it has not offered for subscription or sale, sold, 
transferred or otherwise disposed of, and will not offer for subscription or sale, sell, transfer or otherwise 
dispose of any of the Securities directly or indirectly, nor has it distributed any document or other material 
in connection therewith, in Malaysia unless such offer, sale or invitation falls within (i) Schedule 5 to the 
CMSA, (ii) Schedule 6 or 7 to the CMSA as an "excluded offer" or "excluded invitation" or "excluded 
issue" within the meaning of sections 229 and 230 of the CMSA or offered to a sophisticated investor 
which satisfies the requirement set out in the Guidelines on Categories of Sophisticated Investors and, 
additionally, where such Securities are debentures (as defined in the CMSA) (iii), Schedule 8 such that 
the trust deed requirements in the CMSA are not applicable. No proposal has been submitted to the 
Securities Commission Malaysia for its recognition, authorisation or approval under the CMSA in respect 
of Securities, and no prospectus, trust deed or deed which complies with the requirements of the CMSA 
and the guidelines of the Securities Commission Malaysia has been or will be registered with the 
Securities Commission Malaysia under the CMSA. 
In addition to the above, the Securities may not be offered for subscription or sale, sold, transferred or 
otherwise disposed of, directly or indirectly, nor may any document or other material in connection 
therewith be distributed, in or from within the Federal Territory of Labuan without the prior written 
approval of the Labuan Financial Services Authority ("LFSA") or otherwise in compliance with the 
Labuan Financial Services and Securities Act 2010 ("LFSSA") unless such offer, sale or invitation falls 
within section 8(5) of the LFSSA. Each Dealer has represented and undertaken, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and undertake, that it has not offered for 
subscription or sale, sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, and will not offer for subscription or sale, 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Securities directly or indirectly, nor has it distributed any 
document or other material in connection therewith, in or from within the Federal Territory of Labuan 
except in compliance with the LFSSA. No proposal has been submitted to LFSA for its approval under 
the LFSSA in respect of Securities, and no prospectus which complies with the requirements of the 
LFSSA has been or will be registered with the LFSA under the LFSSA. 
Monaco 
The Securities may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to investors in Monaco other than by a 
duly authorized intermediary. Such intermediaries being banks and financial activities companies duly 
licensed by the "Commission de Contrôle des Activités Financières" ("CCAF") by virtue of Law n°1.338 
of September 7th, 2007 and authorised under Law n° 1.144 of July 26th, 1991.  
Otherwise, the Securities may be offered or sold to: (i) institutional investors (pension funds, the 
government, the sovereign fund, the Prince's Foundation, banks, CCAF regulated entities and insurance 
companies); (ii) investors who have raised enquiries of their own initiative (on a cross border and reverse

--- Page 861 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
855 
 
solicitation basis); and (iii) existing clients of relevant entities (on a cross border basis). The distribution 
of this document is restricted accordingly. 
By accepting this document, recipients warrant that they are fluent in English and expressly waive the 
possibility of a French translation of this document. Les destinataires du présent document reconnaissent 
être à même d’en prendre connaissance en langue anglaise et renoncent expressément à une traduction 
française. 
The Netherlands 
For selling restrictions in respect of The Netherlands, see "European Economic Area" above and in 
addition, each Dealer under the Programme, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme, 
that did and does not have the requisite Dutch regulatory capacity to make offers or sales of financial 
instruments in The Netherlands has represented and agreed or, in the case of further Dealers, will be 
required to represent and agree with the Issuers that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any of the Securities of the relevant Issuer in The Netherlands, other than through one or more investment 
firms acting as principals and having the Dutch regulatory capacity to make such offers or sales. 
Norway  
For selling restrictions in respect of Norway, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
The People's Republic of China 
The Securities may not be offered or sold or delivered, or offered or sold or delivered to any person for 
reoffering or resale or redelivery, in any such case directly or indirectly (i) by means of any 
advertisement, invitation, document or activity which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public in the People's Republic of China, excluding Hong Kong, Macau 
and Taiwan ("PRC") or (ii) to any person within the PRC other than in full compliance with the relevant 
laws and regulations of the PRC. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any material or information contained 
or incorporated by reference herein relating to the Programme, which has not been and will not be 
submitted to or approved/verified by or registered with the China Securities Regulatory Commission or 
other relevant governmental authorities or industry regulatory bodies in the PRC, constitutes an offer or 
solicitation of an offer to subscribe, purchase or sell the Securities in the PRC or may be supplied to the 
public in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for the subscription, purchase or sale of the 
Securities other than in compliance with the aforesaid in the PRC. PRC investors are responsible for: 
obtaining all relevant government or industry regulatory approvals/licences, verification and/or 
registrations themselves and complying with all relevant PRC regulations, including, but not limited to, 
all relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or securities investment regulations. 
The Philippines 
The Securities being offered or sold have not been registered with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the "SEC") under Republic Act No. 8799, known as the Securities Regulation Code of the 
Philippines (the "Code of the Philippines") and are not permitted to be sold or offered for sale or 
distribution within the Philippines unless such Securities are exempt securities or sold pursuant to an 
exempt transaction. 
To the extent that the Securities will be offered in the Philippines, the Securities will be offered to 
qualified buyers as defined in Section 10.1(I) of the Code of the Philippines and in relevant regulations. 
The offer and sale of securities to such qualified buyers is an exempt transaction pursuant to the Code of 
the Philippines. However, no confirmation that the offer and sale of the Securities in the Philippines 
qualify as an exempt transaction under the Code of the Philippines will be obtained from the SEC. 
THE SECURITIES BEING OFFERED OR SOLD HEREIN HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH 
THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION UNDER THE CODE OF THE PHILIPPINES. 
ANY FUTURE OFFER OR SALE OF THE SECURITIES IS SUBJECT TO THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE CODE OF THE PHILIPPINES UNLESS SUCH OFFER OR SALE 
QUALIFIES AS AN EXEMPT TRANSACTION. 
Poland

--- Page 862 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
856 
 
For selling restrictions in respect of Poland, please see "European Economic Area" above and in addition: 
Recipients of this Base Prospectus or any related documents, including but not limited to other offering 
materials, should be aware that neither this Base Prospectus nor any related documents have been 
approved by the Financial Supervision Commission in the Republic of Poland (the "FSC") and the FSC 
has not received notification from any other competent authority in the European Union concerning the 
approval of the Base Prospectus together with a copy of the approved Base Prospectus and translation of 
its summary section. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer or sale of Securities 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue 
Terms in relation thereto in Poland and will not distribute this Base Prospectus and any related 
documents, unless they publicly offer the Securities within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, only: 
(a) 
at any time, to any legal entity which is a qualified investor, or  
(b) 
to investors, each of whom acquires Securities for a total consideration of at least EUR 100,000 
for each separate offer, or  
(c) 
if the denomination of offered Securities per unit amounts to at least EUR 100,000. 
Portugal 
For selling restrictions in respect of Portugal, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
This Base Prospectus, together with the relevant Issue Terms, are provided on an exclusive basis to the 
specifically intended recipient thereof, upon that person's request and initiative, and for the recipient's 
personal use only. 
Nothing in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Issue Terms constitutes, is intended to constitute, shall 
be treated as constituting or shall be deemed to constitute, any offer or sale of securities in the State of 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) or the inward marketing of any securities or an attempt to 
do business, as a bank, an investment company or otherwise in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre) other than in compliance with the laws applicable in the State of Qatar (including the 
Qatar Financial Centre) governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
This Base Prospectus, the relevant Issue Terms and the Securities have not been approved, registered or 
licensed by the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Financial Centre's Regulatory Authority, the Qatar 
Financial Markets Authority or any other licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the State of 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). 
This Base Prospectus, the relevant Issue Terms and any related documents have not been reviewed or 
approved by the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Financial Centre's Regulatory Authority or the Qatar 
Financial Markets Authority. 
Recourse against the Dealer, and those involved with it, may be limited or difficult and may have to be 
pursued in a jurisdiction outside of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). 
Any distribution of this Base Prospectus and the relevant Issue Terms by the recipient to third parties in 
the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) beyond the terms hereof is not authorised and 
shall be at the liability of such recipient. 
Romania 
For selling restrictions in respect of Romania, please see "European Economic Area" above and in 
addition:

--- Page 863 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
857 
 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that (and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that): 
(a) 
it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the 
Securities, or do anything in Romania in respect of the Securities, otherwise than in conformity 
with the provisions of Law 24/2017 on issuers of financial instruments and markets operations, 
as amended from time to time and with the relevant secondary legislation issued by the 
Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority, including Regulation no. 5/2018, as amended; 
(b) 
it has not made a request for the listing of the Securities with a regulated exchange and/or 
alternative trading system in Romania; and 
(c) 
it will comply with the legislation governing government bonds and money-market instruments, 
including secondary legislation issued by the National Bank of Romania. 
Saudi Arabia, Kingdom of 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as 
are permitted under the Rules on the Offers of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Saudi 
Arabian Capital Market Authority. The Saudi Arabian Capital Market Authority does not make any 
representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims any 
liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of this Base 
Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of the Securities offered hereby should conduct their own due 
diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Securities. If you do not understand the 
contents of this Base Prospectus you should consult an authorised financial advisor. 
Singapore  
Singapore Selling Restrictions 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor the Issue Terms has been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (the "SFA"). The Base Prospectus, the 
Issue Terms and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Securities may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Securities be 
offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than: (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or, as the case may be, Section 276(2)(a) of the SFA; or (ii) to an 
accredited investor (as defined in the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or pursuant to Section 276(2)(b) of the SFA, 
and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 276 of the SFA. 
Where Securities are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivatives contracts (as defined in 
Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) 
in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the 
Securities pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
1. 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
2. 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
3. 
where the transfer is by operation of law;

--- Page 864 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
858 
 
4. 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
5. 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act 2001 and a reference to any 
term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as modified or amended 
from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable at the relevant time. 
Singapore Selling Restrictions for Other Investors 
Notwithstanding the above, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Singapore Selling Restrictions for 
Other Investors" are applicable, the Singapore Selling Restrictions above shall be deleted in their 
entirety and replaced as follows: 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor the Issue Terms has been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore under the SFA. The Base Prospectus, the Issue Terms and any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Securities 
may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Securities be offered or sold, or be made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other 
than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (ii) to 
a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Securities are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivatives contracts (as defined in 
Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) 
in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the 
Securities pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:  
1. 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
2. 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
3. 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
4. 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
5. 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act 2001 and a reference to any 
term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as modified or amended 
from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable at the relevant time. 
Slovak Republic 
For selling restrictions in respect of the Slovak Republic, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
South Africa

--- Page 865 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
859 
 
Each Dealer has (or will have) represented, warranted and agreed that it (i) will not offer Securities for 
subscription, (ii) will not solicit any offers for subscription for or sale of the Securities, and (iii) will itself 
not sell or offer the Securities in South Africa in contravention of the South African Companies Act, 
2008, the South African Banks Act, 1990, the South African Exchange Control Regulations, 1961, 
promulgated pursuant to the South African Currency and Exchanges Act, 1933 and/or any other 
applicable laws and regulations of South Africa in force from time to time. 
Prior to the issue of any Securities under the Programme, each Dealer who has (or will have) agreed to 
place those Securities will be required to represent and agree that it will not make an "offer to the public" 
(as such expression is defined in the South African Companies Act, 2008, and which expression includes 
any section of the public) of Securities (whether for subscription, purchase or sale) in South Africa. This 
Base Prospectus does not, nor is it intended to, constitute a solicitation for investments from members of 
the public in terms of the Collective Investment Schemes Control Act, 45 of 2002 (as amended) nor a 
prospectus prepared and registered under the South African Companies Act, 71 of 2008. 
Offers not deemed to be offers to the public 
Offers for subscription for, or sale of, Securities are not deemed to be offers to the public if: 
(a) 
made only to certain investors contemplated in section 96(1)(a) of the South African Companies 
Act, 2008; or 
(b) 
the total contemplated acquisition cost of Securities, for any single addressee acting as principal, 
is equal to or greater than ZAR1,000,000, or such higher amount as may be promulgated by 
notice in the Government Gazette of South Africa pursuant to section 96(2)(a) of the South 
African Companies Act, 2008. 
Information made available in this Base Prospectus should not be considered as "advice" as defined in 
the South African Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, 2002. 
Spain 
The Securities may not be listed, offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Securities 
be carried out in Spain, except in circumstances which do not require registration of a prospectus in Spain 
or without complying with the requirements set out in the EU Prospectus Regulation, Law 6/2023, of 17 
March, of the Securities Market (Ley 6/2023, de 17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los 
Servicios de Inversión) as amended and restated (the "Securities Markets Law"), and Royal Decree 
814/2023, of 8 November on financial instruments, admission to trading and registry of admitted 
securities (Real Decreto 814/2023, de 8 de noviembre, sobre instrumentos financieros, admisión a 
negociación, registro de valores negociables e infraestructuras de mercado), as amended and restated 
(the "Royal Decree 814/2023"), or any other related regulations that may be in force from time to time, 
as further amended, supplemented or restated. 
Sri Lanka 
The Securities or an interest therein may not at any time be made the subject of an invitation or offer to 
the public or any section of the public in the Republic of Sri Lanka and any document or material relating 
to the Securities may not be circulated or distributed to the public or any section of the public in the 
Republic of Sri Lanka. Investors intending to purchase or otherwise acquire the Securities or any interest 
in the Securities must consult with their legal, tax and financial advisers and obtain all necessary 
approvals before subscribing for or purchasing or acquiring any of the Securities. 
Sweden  
For selling restrictions in respect of Sweden, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
Switzerland 
If the relevant Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Swiss Non-Exempt Public Offer" as 
"No":

--- Page 866 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
860 
 
(a) 
the Securities may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, to private clients in Switzerland 
within the meaning of the FinSA and no application has or will be made to admit the Securities 
to trading on SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue in Switzerland, and neither this 
document nor the Base Prospectus and Issue Terms nor any documents related to the Securities 
shall constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this document nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Securities may be publicly distributed or otherwise 
made publicly available in Switzerland; and 
(b) 
such Securities may only be offered in Switzerland pursuant to and in accordance with an 
exemption from the prospectus requirement listed in article 36 para. 1 FinSA or where such 
offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. 
Taiwan 
The Securities may be made available (i) outside Taiwan to Taiwan resident investors for purchase by 
such investors outside Taiwan; (ii) to the offshore banking units of Taiwan banks (including Taiwan 
branches of foreign banks), offshore securities units of Taiwan securities houses (including Taiwan 
branches of foreign securities houses) and offshore insurance units of Taiwan insurance companies 
(including Taiwan branches of foreign insurance companies) purchasing the Securities in trust for, as 
agents of, or otherwise on behalf of their non-Taiwan clients or for purposes of on-sale to qualified 
Taiwan investors; or (iii) to qualified investors via a Taiwan-licensed intermediary, but may not 
otherwise be offered or sold in Taiwan. Any subscriptions of Securities shall only become effective upon 
acceptance by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer outside Taiwan and shall be deemed a contract entered 
into in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer or relevant Dealer, as the case may be, unless 
otherwise specified in the subscription documents relating to the Securities signed by the investors. 
Thailand 
No offers, sales, re-sales or deliveries of the Securities or distribution of any offering material relating to 
the Securities, directly or indirectly, may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in circumstances 
which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations in Thailand and which will not 
impose any obligation on the Issuer, the Dealer or the Arranger (as the case may be). 
The information herein is provided to investors solely at their request and is not intended to be an offer, 
sale, advice or invitation for subscription or purchase of the Securities in Thailand or to initiate contact 
in relation to the purchase of the Securities in any way. Any investor in the Securities has directly 
approached the Issuer, the relevant Dealer or the Arranger (as the case may be) in relation to the purchase 
of the Securities and the Issuer, the Dealer or the Arranger (as the case may be) has not offered any advice 
or initiated any contact in relation to the purchase of the Securities in any way. 
No invitation will be made to the public in Thailand to subscribe for the Securities. The Securities may 
not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within Thailand to any person. This document has not been 
registered as a prospectus with the Office of the Securities and Exchange Commission of Thailand. 
Accordingly, this document and any other documents and material in connection with the arrangement 
of procuring or offering the Securities that are provided to the investor by request of the investor may 
not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Securities be offered or sold in Thailand, or be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase in Thailand, whether directly or indirectly, to the 
public or any members of the public. 
United Arab Emirates 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre and the Abu Dhabi Global 
Market) residents only 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to acknowledge and agree that: 
(a) 
the Securities to be issued under the Programme have not been and will not be offered, sold or 
publicly promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates ("UAE") (including the Dubai 
International Financial Centre and the Abu Dhabi Global Market) other than in compliance with 
any laws applicable in the UAE governing the issue, offering and sale of securities;

--- Page 867 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
861 
 
(b) 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus does not constitute a public offer of securities 
in the UAE in accordance with the Commercial Companies Law (Federal Law No. 2 of 2015, 
as amended), Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority (the "SCA") Chairman Decision 
No. 13/R.M of 2021 on the Rulebook of Financial Activities and Mechanisms for Adjusting 
Positions (the "Rulebook"), or otherwise and is not intended to be a public offer or construed 
as such. The information contained in this Base Prospectus is not intended to lead to the 
conclusion of any contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of the UAE; 
(c) 
the Securities to be issued under the Programme and this Base Prospectus have not been and 
will not be filed, licensed, registered, reviewed or approved by the United Arab Emirates Central 
Bank, the SCA, the Dubai Financial Services Authority, the Financial Services Regulatory 
Authority or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE (the 
"Authorities"). The Authorities assume no liability for any investment that the named addressee 
makes as a Professional Investor. The Base Prospectus is for the use of the named addressee 
only and Dealers will not give or show it to any other person (other than employees, agents or 
consultants in connection with the addressee's consideration thereof); and 
(d) 
the Securities will only be promoted and marketed on a cross-border basis to a limited number 
of exempt investors in the territory of the UAE who fall under one of the following categories 
of "Professional Investors" (as set out in Part 3, Chapter 1, Article 5 of the SCA Rulebook): (A) 
Professional Investors by nature; (B) Professional Investors by experience; (C) Professional 
Investors by evaluation; (D) an undertaker/a person handling undertakings; or (E) an undertaker. 
(e) 
The information in this Base Prospectus may also be provided to investors in the UAE (and 
addressed solely to such investor) who (a) are willing and able to conduct an independent 
investigation of the risks involved in the investment in the Securities and (b) at their unsolicited 
and specific request. Such an investor may directly approach the Issuer, the relevant Dealer or 
the Arranger (as the case may be) in relation to the purchase of the Securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
This information does not constitute or form part of any offer to issue or sell, or any solicitation of any 
offer to subscribe for or purchase, any securities or investment products in the UAE (including the Dubai 
International Financial Centre and the Abu Dhabi Global Market) and accordingly should not be 
construed as such. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Securities to be issued 
under the Programme to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is an 
"Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the 
"DFSA"). Furthermore, this information is being made available on the basis that the recipient 
acknowledges and understands that the entities and securities to which it may relate have not been 
approved, licensed by or registered with the UAE Central Bank, the UAE Securities and Commodities 
Authority, the Dubai Financial Services Authority, the Financial Services Regulatory Authority or any 
other relevant licensing authority or governmental agency in the UAE. 
This Base Prospectus relates to Securities which are not subject to any form of regulation or approval by 
the DFSA. The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with 
Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not approved this Base Prospectus or any associated documents nor taken 
steps to verify the information set out in it, and has no responsibility for it. 
The Securities to which this Base Prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their 
resale. Prospective purchasers of any Securities offered should conduct their own due diligence on the 
Securities. 
If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus you should consult an authorised financial 
adviser. 
United Kingdom 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
to be "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under

--- Page 868 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
862 
 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Issue Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer 
of such Securities to the public in the United Kingdom:  
(a) 
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation;  
(b) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the UK 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(c) 
in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (as amended, the "FSMA"),  
provided that no such offer of Securities shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Securities to the public" in relation to any 
Securities in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that any commission, fee or non-monetary benefit received from the 
relevant Issuer complies with the applicable rules set out in the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, "MiFID II") as implemented under UK law, such 
implementing legislation being preserved under UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA"). 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
Securities with maturities of less than one year: in relation to any Securities (other than 
Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.) where the issue of the Securities would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer:  
 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities other than to persons whose 
ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Securities in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not 
apply to JPMSP, and would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. (as Issuer or as Guarantor in respect of Securities issued by JPMSP);  
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA and the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom; and 
(d) 
Commissions and fees: 
 
if it is distributing Securities that are "retail investment products" (as such term is defined in the 
Financial Conduct Authority Handbook) into the United Kingdom and it is entitled to receive any 
commission or fee from the Issuer, it will not transfer any part of that commission or fee to any

--- Page 869 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
863 
 
third party who may advise retail investors to purchase a Security that is a retail investment 
product; and 
 
if it is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority to provide investment advice 
to retail investors in the United Kingdom and it is providing advice to retail investors in respect 
of a Security that is a retail investment product, it undertakes not to request any commission or 
fee from the Issuer and to otherwise reject any such payment offered to it other than in 
circumstances where the Issuer has agreed to facilitate the payment of an advisory fee and has the 
express consent of the retail investor to do so. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" to be "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
 
not a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case where the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities does not 
specify the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" to be not applicable but where the Dealer 
subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the "UK PRIIPs KID 
Regulation") in respect of such Securities, then following such publication, the prohibition on the 
offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the United Kingdom as 
described above shall no longer apply. 
United States 
General 
The Securities, the Guarantee and, in certain instances, the securities to be delivered upon redemption or 
exercise of the Securities, if any, have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or the 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Trading in the Securities and the Guarantee 
has not been approved by the CFTC under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, any U.S. 
federal or state banking authority or any other U.S. or foreign regulatory authority.  
The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the Guarantee have not been registered under 
the rules of the OCC. The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the Guarantee may also 
be offered or sold in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
provided by Section 3(a)(2) thereof and will be offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the OCC (including, in the case of offers or sales outside the United States, 
in compliance with Regulation S as such regulation is incorporated into the regulations of the OCC 
pursuant to 12 C.F.R. Section 16.5(g)).

--- Page 870 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
864 
 
Neither the SEC nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the Securities and 
the Guarantee or determined that this Base Prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the 
contrary is a criminal offence. The OCC has not approved or disapproved of the Securities issued by 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or the Guarantee or determined that this Base Prospectus is accurate or 
complete.  
JPMSP has not registered, and does not intend to register, as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act.  
Accordingly, the Securities (other than Rule 144A Securities and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities 
being offered or sold in accordance with Rule 144A) may not be legally or beneficially owned by any 
U.S. Person at any time nor offered, sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised or 
redeemed at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person; 
provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to a U.S. Person that is an affiliate (as defined in 
Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer. In this Base Prospectus, the term "U.S. Person" means 
(unless otherwise specified herein with regard to Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities) any person which 
is a "U.S. person" as defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S or a "United States person" as defined in 
Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code and Treasury regulations thereunder (as may be amended from time to 
time), as the context requires.  
Hedging transactions involving "equity securities" of "domestic issuers" (as each such term is defined in 
the Securities Act and regulations thereunder) may only be conducted in compliance with the Securities 
Act, and hedging transactions must be conducted only in compliance with the Commodity Exchange 
Act. 
The Securities (other than Rule 144A Securities and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities being offered or 
sold in accordance with Rule 144A) are being offered and sold outside of the United States in reliance 
on the registration exemption contained in Regulation S and, with respect to CREST CDI Securities, also 
provided that the persons to whom the Securities are offered and sold have entered into, and remain in 
compliance with, an Investor Letter of Representations. Accordingly, the Dealers have represented and 
agreed in the Programme Agreement, and any other Dealer who is appointed by the relevant Issuer in 
connection with an issue of a Series of Securities which are not Rule 144A Securities or Regulation 
S/Rule 144A Securities being offered or sold in accordance with Rule 144A, will represent and agree, 
that it, its affiliates, and any person acting on its or their behalf has not offered or sold and will not offer 
or sell such Securities at any time, directly or indirectly within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, any U.S. Person that is not an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of 
the Issuer.  
In respect of Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities, the Dealers have represented and agreed in the 
Programme Agreement, and any other Dealer who is appointed by the relevant Issuer in connection with 
an issue of a Series of such Securities, will represent and agree, that it, its affiliates, and any person acting 
on its or their behalf has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell such Securities at any time, (a) 
directly or indirectly within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person that 
is not an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer, except in accordance 
with the restrictions specified in the section entitled "Purchaser representations and requirements and 
transfer restrictions" or (b) except to non-U.S. Persons in "offshore transactions" in accordance with 
Regulation S under the Securities Act and that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or 
their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to such Regulation 
S/Rule 144A Securities, and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions 
requirement of Regulation S with respect to Securities other than CREST CDI Securities. 
The Dealers have further represented and agreed in the Programme Agreement, and any other Dealer 
who is appointed by the relevant Issuer in connection with an issue of a Series of Securities which are 
not Rule 144A Securities or Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities offered or sold in accordance with Rule 
144A will represent and agree that it, its affiliates, and any person acting on its or their behalf has not 
offered or sold and will not offer or sell such Securities at any time except in accordance with Regulation 
S under the Securities Act, and that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf 
have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to such Securities, and it and 
they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. The terms 
used in this paragraph and the preceding paragraphs (other than the term "U.S. Person" as defined above) 
have the meanings given to them under Regulation S.

--- Page 871 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
865 
 
The Dealers have also agreed in the Programme Agreement, and any other Dealer who is appointed by 
the relevant Issuer in connection with an issue of a Series of Securities will agree, that, at or prior to 
confirmation of a sale of such Securities, it, its affiliates, and any person acting on its or their behalf will 
have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration 
that purchases such Securities and, in relation to Securities issued by JPMSP, the Guarantee from it 
(whether upon original issuance or in any secondary transaction) a written confirmation or notice stating 
that the purchaser is subject to the same restrictions on offers and sales and setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of such Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any 
U.S. Person. 
In addition, with respect to Rule 144A Securities and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities offered or sold 
in accordance with Rule 144A, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of the Securities 
and any Guarantee, an offer or sale of the Securities or the Guarantee within the United States by any 
dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A or pursuant to 
another applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each holder and legal and beneficial owner will be deemed on purchase to agree that the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor (in relation to Securities issued by JPMSP), the Relevant Programme Agent, the Registrar, 
the Arranger, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements made by such holder and legal and beneficial owner 
(as applicable) in this Base Prospectus. 
In connection with an issue by JPMSP, the Dealers have represented and agreed in the Programme 
Agreement, and any other Dealer who is appointed by JPMSP will agree, that they will, upon written 
request of the Issuer, promptly collect from each purchaser and transferee and provide to the Issuer a 
properly completed IRS Form W-9, IRS Form W-8 or other documentation reasonably requested by the 
Issuer. 
Securities other than Rule 144A Securities and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities being offered or 
sold in accordance with Rule 144A 
The Securities (other than Rule 144A Securities and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities being offered or 
sold in accordance with Rule 144A) may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. Person at any 
time, provided however, that this restriction shall not apply to a U.S. Person that is an affiliate (as defined 
in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer. 
Other than as provided in the paragraph below with respect to each holder of CREST CDI Securities, 
each holder and each legal and beneficial owner of Securities (other than Rule 144A Securities and 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities being offered or sold in accordance with Rule 144A) that is not an 
affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer, as a condition to purchasing such 
Security or any legal or beneficial interest therein, will be deemed to represent on purchase, among other 
things, that (A) neither it nor any person for whose account or benefit the Securities are being purchased 
(i) is located in the United States, (ii) is a U.S. Person that is not an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under 
the Securities Act) of the Issuer or (iii) was solicited to purchase the Securities while present in the United 
States and (B) it shall not offer, sell, transfer, pledge, assign, deliver, exercise or redeem any of such 
Securities or any interest therein at any time, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any U.S. Person that is not an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities 
Act) of the Issuer. 
Each holder of CREST CDI Securities, as a condition to purchasing such CREST CDI Securities, will 
be required to enter into, and remain in compliance with, an Investor Letter of Representations in which 
it represents, among other things, that (A) neither it nor any person for whose account or benefit the 
CREST CDI Securities are being purchased (i) is located in the United States, (ii) is a U.S. Person or (iii) 
was solicited to purchase the CREST CDI Securities while present in the United States and (B) it shall 
not offer, sell, transfer, pledge, assign, deliver, exercise or redeem any of such CREST CDI Securities or 
any interest therein at any time, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, any U.S. Person.

--- Page 872 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
866 
 
Rule 144A Securities  
Each holder and each legal and beneficial owner of Rule 144A Securities, as a condition to purchasing 
such Securities or any legal or beneficial interest therein, will (1) in the case of Notes in definitive form 
or in the case of Certificates or Warrants (in any form), enter into and remain in compliance with an 
Investor Letter of Representations in which it will represent that, or (2) in the case of Notes in global 
form, be deemed to represent on purchase that, (A) it is a QIB and also an Eligible Investor (each as 
defined in "Purchaser representations and requirements and transfer restrictions" below) at the time of 
the acquisition and is otherwise in compliance with Rule 144A and (B) it shall not offer, sell, transfer, 
pledge, assign, deliver, exercise or redeem such Securities or any interest therein at any time, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person that is not an 
affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer unless such person is a QIB and 
also an Eligible Investor at the time of the acquisition and is otherwise in compliance with Rule 144A. 
See "Purchaser representations and requirements and transfer restrictions" below. 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities 
Each holder and each legal and beneficial owner of Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities, as a condition to 
purchasing such Securities or any legal or beneficial interest therein, will be obliged to enter into and 
remain in compliance with an Investor Letter of Representations in which it will represent on purchase 
that, unless such person is a QIB and also an Eligible Investor (each as defined in "Purchaser 
representations and requirements and transfer restrictions" below) at the time of the acquisition and is 
otherwise in compliance with Rule 144A, (A) neither it nor any person for whose account or benefit such 
Securities are being purchased (i) is located in the United States, (ii) is a U.S. person (as such terms are 
defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S) that is not an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities 
Act) of the Issuer or (iii) was solicited to purchase such Securities while present in the United States, (B) 
it is a "qualified investor", as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation or UK Prospectus Regulation (as 
applicable), or any other purchaser that is approved by the Dealer from time to time and (C) it shall not 
offer, sell, transfer, pledge, assign, deliver, exercise or redeem otherwise transfer any of such Securities 
or any interest therein at any time, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, any U.S. person (as such term is defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S) that is not an affiliate 
(as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer unless such person is a QIB and also an 
Eligible Investor at the time of the acquisition and otherwise in compliance with Rule 144A. See 
"Purchaser representations and requirements and transfer restrictions" below. 
All Warrants 
With respect to all Warrants, each holder and each legal and beneficial owner of a Warrant will be 
deemed to agree on purchase that such person shall not engage in hedging transactions with regard to the 
Warrants unless in compliance with the Securities Act and Commodity Exchange Act. 
All Securities (other than Rule 144A Securities and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities) upon exercise 
or redemption of which equity securities may be deliverable 
Upon purchase of all Securities (other than Rule 144A Securities and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities) 
upon exercise or redemption of which equity securities may be deliverable, each holder and each legal 
and beneficial owner of such Securities is deemed to have represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
it will not exercise or redeem the Securities, and it understands and acknowledges that the 
securities to be delivered upon exercise or redemption may not be delivered, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person;  
(b) 
it will only engage in hedging transactions with respect to the Securities and the securities to be 
delivered upon exercise or redemption of the Securities in compliance with the Securities Act 
and the Commodity Exchange Act; and 
(c) 
it understands and acknowledges that the Securities will bear a legend setting out the applicable 
selling restrictions under the Securities Act and the representations it is deemed to have made 
as a condition to purchasing such Security or any legal or beneficial interest therein.

--- Page 873 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
867 
 
ERISA Restrictions 
Each Security must comply with the legends and restrictions described in "Purchaser representations 
and requirements and transfer restrictions – ERISA Legends and ERISA Restrictions" below. 
Purchaser representations and requirements and transfer restrictions 
Each Rule 144A Security and Regulation S/Rule 144A Security is subject to the purchaser 
representations and requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the section entitled "Purchaser 
representations and requirements and transfer restrictions". 
Vietnam 
The Securities will not be offered in the territory of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam ("Vietnam") or to 
any individual that is a citizen of Vietnam. 
The Securities will only be offered or transferred to a Vietnamese entity if such entity is qualified to 
purchase and/or hold the Securities by entrustment, or has either obtained all required approvals/permits 
from or completed all required registrations with the Vietnamese authorities (including but not limited 
to the Prime Minister of Vietnam, the State Bank of Vietnam and any other relevant authority as required 
by applicable Vietnamese laws from time to time) to purchase and/or hold the Securities. 
By purchasing or accepting the Securities, the relevant Holder will be deemed to represent and warrant 
that it is qualified to purchase and/or hold the Securities by entrustment, and/or has either obtained all 
required approvals/permits from or completed all required registrations with the relevant Vietnamese 
authorities to purchase and/or hold the Securities. The relevant Holder will further be deemed to have 
complied with all requirements under Vietnamese regulations regarding investment methods and/or 
opening/maintaining an account in Vietnam to manage the investment in the Securities. 
The Issuer makes no representation, expressed or implied, that the Securities are eligible securities that 
the relevant Holder may hold under Vietnamese regulations. The relevant Holder will be solely 
responsible to ascertain the eligibility of the Securities that it plans to purchase or hold. 
Disclaimer 
As a result of the foregoing restrictions, purchasers of Securities are advised to consult legal counsel 
prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Securities. 
No offers, sales, re-sales or deliveries of any Securities, or distribution of any offering material relating 
to any Securities, may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in circumstances which will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not impose any obligation on JPMSP 
or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A..

--- Page 874 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
868 
 
PURCHASER REPRESENTATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS AND TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS 
The Securities (including Rule 144A Securities and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities), the Guarantee 
and, in certain instances, the securities to be delivered upon redemption or exercise of the Securities, if 
any, have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or the laws of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States. Trading in the Securities and the Guarantee has not been approved by 
the CFTC under the Commodity Exchange Act.  
The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the Guarantee have not been registered under 
the rules of the OCC. The Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the Guarantee may also 
be offered or sold in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
provided by Section 3(a)(2) thereof and will be offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the OCC (including, in the case of offers or sales outside the United States, 
in compliance with Regulation S as such regulation is incorporated into the regulations of the OCC 
pursuant to 12 C.F.R. Section 16.5(g)).  
The Securities may not be offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws. 
Hedging transactions involving "equity securities" of "domestic issuers" (as each such term is defined in 
the Securities Act and regulations thereunder) may be conducted only in compliance with the Securities 
Act, and hedging transactions must be conducted only in compliance with the Commodity Exchange 
Act.  
Securities (other than Rule 144A Securities and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities being offered or sold 
pursuant to Rule 144A) are being offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under the 
Securities Act provided by Regulation S and may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. Person 
at any time nor offered, sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, delivered, exercised or redeemed at any time 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person; provided however, that this 
restriction shall not apply to a U.S. Person that is an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities 
Act) of the Issuer. Rule 144A Securities and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities are being offered and 
sold pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act to QIBs that are also Eligible Investors (as defined 
below) at the time of the acquisition and are otherwise in compliance with Rule 144A. Additionally, 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities are being offered and sold to non-U.S. Persons that have entered into 
and remain in compliance with the relevant Investor Letter of Representations (as defined below under 
"Investor Letter of Representations/Deemed Representations") with respect to their purchases of 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities in "offshore transactions" in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. As used in this section, the term "U.S. Person" means (i) in respect of any 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities, any person which is a "U.S. person" as defined in Rule 902(k) of 
Regulation S (as may be amended from time to time) or (ii) in respect of any Securities other than 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities, any person which is a "U.S. person" as defined in Rule 902(k) of 
Regulation S (as may be amended from time to time) or any person which is a "United States person" as 
defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code and Treasury regulations thereunder (as may be amended 
from time to time, as the context requires. 
In addition, where Notes or Certificates issued by JPMSP or JPMorgan Chase Bank (other than Rule 
144A Securities and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities) are being offered and sold pursuant to an 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Regulation S and where the relevant 
Issue Terms specify "ECI Holder Restrictions" to be applicable, the Securities may not at any time be 
legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. Person or by any non-U.S. Person whose income, gain or loss, 
if any, or the Notes or Certificates (if applicable) would be effectively connected with a U.S. trade or 
business (an "ECI Holder"). 
In addition to the purchaser representations and requirements and transfer restrictions (the "Purchaser 
representations and requirements and transfer restrictions") described in this section, the 
distribution restrictions imposed by this Base Prospectus and the relevant Issue Terms in certain 
jurisdictions and the offering or sale of Securities to which the relevant Issue Terms relates in such 
jurisdictions may be further restricted by law. Persons into whose possession such documents come are 
required by the Issuer, the Dealer and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restriction. This Base Prospectus and the relevant Issue Terms are not intended to constitute an offer or

--- Page 875 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
869 
 
solicitation for the purchase or sale of Securities in any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation would 
violate the laws of such jurisdiction. 
Eligible Investors 
"Eligible Investors" are qualified institutional buyers ("QIBs") (as defined in Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act) that: 
(a) 
are also ECPs (as defined below); 
(b) 
in the case of Rule 144A Securities issued by JPMSP and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities 
issued by JPMSP are qualified purchasers ("QPs") (as defined in Section 2(a)(51) and related 
rules under the Investment Company Act); 
(c) 
in the case of Rule 144A Securities issued by JPMSP and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities 
issued by JPMSP are also (a) major U.S. institutional investors ("MUSIV") (as defined in Rule 
15a-6(b)(4) under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") 
or (b) Qualified Offshore Clients (as defined in the General Conditions); and 
(d) 
in the case of (1) all Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities and (2) Rule 144A Securities which 
are: 
 
(A) Notes held in definitive form or (B) Certificates or Warrants (in definitive or global form), 
have entered into and have remained in compliance with the relevant Investor Letter of 
Representations (as defined below under "Investor Letters of Representations / Deemed 
Representations – Regulation S / Rule 144A Warrants and Rule 144A Securities") with respect to 
their purchases of Securities; or 
 
Notes represented by a Global Security, have remained in compliance with the representations for 
the benefit of the Dealer, the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) (together with their 
respective affiliates and control persons) that such beneficial holders are deemed to have made by 
virtue of holding such Securities subject to the Purchaser representations and requirements and 
transfer restrictions herein and as described below with respect to their purchases of such 
Securities. 
ECPs 
An "ECP" means an "eligible contract participant" as defined in Section 1(a)(12) of the Commodity 
Exchange Act. Very generally, an ECP includes most types of regulated financial institutions, other legal 
entities with over U.S.$10 million in assets (or U.S.$1 million net worth and that are acquiring Rule 
144A Securities or Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities in the conduct of their business) and individuals 
that have accounts invested on a discretionary basis of U.S.$10 million in the aggregate (or U.S.$5 
million in the aggregate and who are acquiring Rule 144A Securities or Regulation S/Rule 144A 
Securities for hedging purposes). An ECP is defined to mean each of the following persons when acting 
for its own account: 
(a) 
a certain type of financial institution; 
(b) 
a regulated insurance company; 
(c) 
a regulated investment company; 
(d) 
a regulated commodity pool with total assets in excess of U.S.$5 million and formed and 
operated by a person subject to regulation under the Commodity Exchange Act or a foreign 
person performing a similar role or function subject as such to foreign regulation (but excluding 
any commodity pool in which any participant is not otherwise an eligible contract participant); 
(e) 
a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust, or other entity: 
 
that has total assets exceeding U.S.$10 million;

--- Page 876 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
870 
 
 
the obligations of which under the agreement, contract, or transaction are guaranteed or 
otherwise supported by certain entities (but not by individuals); or 
 
that has a net worth exceeding U.S.$1 million and that enters into the agreement, 
contract, or transaction in connection with the conduct of its business or to manage the 
risk associated with an asset or liability owned or incurred in the conduct of its business; 
(f) 
a certain type of an ERISA plan; 
(g) 
a certain type of a governmental entity; 
(h) 
a broker-dealer (other than an individual) registered under the Exchange Act and certain foreign 
broker-dealers; 
(i) 
a futures commission merchant subject to regulation under the Commodity Exchange Act and 
certain foreign futures commission merchants; 
(j) 
a floor broker or floor trader subject to regulation under the Commodity Exchange Act; and 
(k) 
an individual who has amounts invested on a discretionary basis, the aggregate of which is in 
excess of: 
 
U.S.$10 million; or 
 
U.S.$5 million and who enters into the agreement, contract or transaction in order to 
manage the risk associated with an asset owned or liability incurred, or reasonably likely 
to be owned or incurred, by the individual. 
The definition of "ECP" also includes other persons that the CFTC designates from time to time as well 
as persons described in clauses (a), (b), (d), (e), (i), (j), or (k) above when acting as brokers or investment 
advisers to persons who would be ECPs for Securities of that Series and their Issuer, if they acted for 
their own account. 
Investor Letter of Representations / Deemed Representations – Regulation S / Rule 144A Warrants 
and Rule 144A Securities 
Purchasers and subsequent transferees of (1) all Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities and of (2) Rule 144A 
Securities which are: 
(a) 
(A) Notes held in definitive form or (B) Certificates or Warrants (in definitive or global form), 
will be required to execute and deliver to the Dealer for the benefit of the Dealer, the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) (together with their respective affiliates and control 
persons), a letter of representations (such letter, for the benefit of such parties, an "Investor 
Letter of Representations") prior to agreeing to purchase any such instruments; and 
(b) 
Notes represented by a Global Security, will be deemed to have made the representations and 
warranties set forth in the form of Investor Letter of Representations below as of the time of 
their entering into any commitment to purchase any such Securities or Regulation S/Rule 144A 
Securities. 
The Investor Letter of Representations will be in the form approved by the Dealer. The Investor Letter 
of Representations shall (unless otherwise required by the Dealer in relation to any particular Securities) 
contain, among other representations, the purchaser representations set out below. 
The types of representations that may be included in the Investor Letter of Representations include the 
purchaser representing that: 
(a) 
it has all requisite power and authority to enter into the Investor Letter of Representations and 
that the Investor Letter of Representations has been duly authorised (save for where these 
acknowledgements, representations, warranties and agreements are being made on a deemed 
basis only), validly executed and delivered by it, and that such entrance into the Investor Letter 
of Representations and its acquisition of and payment for any Securities do not violate or conflict

--- Page 877 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
871 
 
with any law applicable to it, any provision of its constitutional documents, any order or 
judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets or any 
contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or any of its assets; 
(b) 
if purchasing for allocation to one or more accounts or ultimate purchasers, it is acting as the 
duly authorised agent and/or the advisor with discretionary investment authority for such 
accounts or purchasers; it has all requisite agency or discretionary investment power and 
authority to enter into the Investor Letter of Representations on behalf of such accounts and/or 
ultimate purchasers, and that the representations herein contained are true and correct as they 
apply to each of such accounts or ultimate purchasers at the time the commitment to purchase 
is undertaken; 
(c) 
it has received copies of the Base Prospectus and such other information as it deems necessary 
to make its investment decision and that it has read and understands all such information, 
including information contained in the relevant Pricing Supplement (or has been afforded the 
opportunity to obtain such documents and information and has not taken the opportunity to do 
so); 
(d) 
if purchasing securities which have been issued prior to the purchaser's date of purchase which 
the Dealer (or any affiliate or subsidiary of the Dealer) has been holding from time to time on 
its own account ("Inventory Securities"), it acknowledges and accepts that (a) disclosure in 
relation to the Reference Assets, any Reference Bonds and/or relevant Reference Obligor 
Obligation to which the relevant Inventory Securities may be linked as set forth in the Pricing 
Supplement will have been extracted by the Issuer from such publicly available sources but will 
not have been prepared by, or on behalf of, and will not have been verified by, or on behalf of, 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Dealer or any of their affiliates (the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Dealer and any of their affiliates, together the "JPMorgan Affiliates"), (b) the 
JPMorgan Affiliates will have disclaimed any responsibility for such information, and such 
information will be out of date and none of the JPMorgan Affiliates shall provide any updated 
information thereon, and (c) any sale of Inventory Securities shall not, under any circumstances, 
create any implication whatsoever that there has been no change in the situation or condition of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor, or no change in Reference Assets since the date of the Pricing 
Supplement, which might have an adverse effect on the pay-out and/or value of the relevant 
Inventory Securities; 
(e) 
it acknowledges and agrees that the Securities (the return of which is linked to either the relevant 
Reference Asset or the value of a Reference Bond and a hypothetical derivative) have been 
chosen by the purchaser, without solicitation or advice by the Issuer, Guarantor or Dealer, based 
on the purchaser's own independent investigation of the Reference Asset, any Reference Bonds 
and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligation (or any related asset or instrument) and Security, 
and in connection with such investigation it has not relied on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Dealer or any of their respective affiliates, representatives or agents; 
(f) 
it understands that the investment in a Security (particularly where linked to a Reference Asset, 
any Reference Bonds and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligation) is subject to a very high 
degree of complex risks which may arise without warning, may at times be volatile, and that 
losses may occur quickly and in unanticipated magnitude and may result in a loss of the entire 
investment and the purchaser acknowledges and agrees that it has a valid business purpose for 
acquiring the Security, and has concluded (if necessary, in conjunction with its own legal, tax, 
accountancy, regulatory, investment or other professional advisers) that its investment in 
Securities is suitable in light of its own investment objectives, financial capabilities and 
expertise; 
(g) 
it understands that the initial sale and any subsequent transfer of the Securities to it, for its own 
account, or for the account of one or more other buyers are subject to certain restrictions and 
conditions set out in this Base Prospectus and the Securities (including the legends thereon) and 
that it agrees that it meets and is bound by, and will not resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the 
Securities except in compliance with such restrictions and conditions including the conditions 
specified in the applicable legend contained in paragraph (i) below; 
(h) 
it understands and acknowledges that:

--- Page 878 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
872 
 
 
Rule 144A Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will bear a legend 
substantially to the following effect: 
THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT "), OR 
THE LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES, AND NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY 
BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED, DELIVERED, 
EXERCISED OR REDEEMED, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 
144A") EXCLUSIVELY TO OR THROUGH THE ISSUER OR THE DEALER TO A 
PERSON WHO MEETS ALL OF THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENTS AT THE 
TIME OF SUCH TRANSFER: (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER 
("QIB") AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A; (B) IT WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF 
APPLICABLE 
TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS 
TO 
ANY 
SUBSEQUENT 
TRANSFEREES; (C) IT IS PURCHASING SOLELY FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNTS OF ONE OR MORE QIBs AS TO EACH OF WHICH IT 
EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION AND FOR EACH OF WHICH IT 
HAS 
FULL 
POWER 
TO 
MAKE 
THE 
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS, 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS SET FORTH IN 
CLAUSES (A) THROUGH (G); (D) IT IS AN "ELIGIBLE CONTRACT 
PARTICIPANT", AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. COMMODITIES EXCHANGE ACT, 
AS AMENDED; (E) IT HAS ENTERED INTO THE RELEVANT INVESTOR 
LETTER OF REPRESENTATIONS (OR, IF THIS SECURITY IS A NOTE 
REPRESENTED BY A GLOBAL SECURITY, THEN IT SHALL BE DEEMED TO 
HAVE 
ENTERED 
INTO 
THE 
RELEVANT 
INVESTOR 
LETTER 
OF 
REPRESENTATIONS) FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE DEALER AND THE 
RELEVANT ISSUER AND (TOGETHER WITH THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES 
AND CONTROL PERSONS) AND REMAINS IN COMPLIANCE THEREWITH; (F) 
IT UNDERSTANDS AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE 
A LIST OF PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE SECURITIES FROM 
ONE OR MORE BOOK-ENTRY DEPOSITORIES; AND (G) IT AGREES THAT IT 
WILL NOT REOFFER, RESELL, REDELIVER, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFER ANY SECURITIES OR ANY LEGAL OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
THEREIN TO ANY PERSON EXCEPT (X) TO THE ISSUER OR THE DEALER OR 
(Y) IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE 
OF THE UNITED STATES AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A 
EXCLUSIVELY TO OR THROUGH THE ISSUER OR THE DEALER TO PERSONS 
WHO MEET ALL OF THE REQUIREMENTS OF CLAUSES (A) THROUGH (E) 
ABOVE, WHO MAKE THE ACKNOWLEDGMENT IN CLAUSE (F) ABOVE AND 
WHO MAKE AN UNDERTAKING TO THE EFFECT OF THIS CLAUSE (G). ANY 
PLEDGE, SALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY EFFECTED 
OTHERWISE THAN TO OR THROUGH THE ISSUER OR THE DEALER TO A 
PERSON THAT IS (i) A QIB, (ii) AN ELIGIBLE CONTRACT PARTICIPANT, (iii) 
A PARTY TO THE RELEVANT INVESTOR LETTER OF REPRESENTATIONS IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH CLAUSE (E) ABOVE AND (iv) SUBJECT TO CLAUSE (G) 
ABOVE SHALL, AT THE OPTION OF THE ISSUER, (X) CAUSE SUCH SECURITY 
TO BE SOLD OR (Y) GIVE NOTICE TO THE TRANSFEREE THAT SUCH 
SECURITY WILL BE REDEEMED. 
 
Rule 144A Securities issued by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. ("JPMSP"), will 
bear a legend as determined by the relevant Issuer, and substantially to the following 
effect: 
THIS SECURITY AND THE GUARANTEE IN RESPECT HEREOF HAVE NOT 
BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 
1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE LAWS OF ANY 
STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES, AND NEITHER 
THIS SECURITY NOR THE GUARANTEE IN RESPECT HEREOF NOR ANY 
INTEREST HEREIN OR THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED,

--- Page 879 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
873 
 
PLEDGED, ASSIGNED, DELIVERED, EXERCISED OR REDEEMED, EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF 
THE UNITED STATES AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 144A") EXCLUSIVELY TO OR THROUGH THE 
ISSUER OR THE DEALER TO A PERSON WHO MEETS ALL OF THE 
FOLLOWING REQUIREMENTS AT THE TIME OF SUCH TRANSFER: (A) IT IS A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER ("QIB") AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A; (B) 
IT IS A QUALIFIED PURCHASER ("QP"), AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2(A)(51) 
AND RELATED RULES UNDER THE U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 
1940 (THE "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT"); (C) IT WILL PROVIDE NOTICE 
OF APPLICABLE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS TO ANY SUBSEQUENT 
TRANSFEREE; (D) IT IS PURCHASING SOLELY FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNTS OF ONE OR MORE QIBs AS TO EACH OF WHICH IT 
EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION AND FOR EACH OF WHICH IT 
HAS 
FULL 
POWER 
TO 
MAKE 
THE 
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS, 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS SET FORTH IN 
CLAUSES (A) THROUGH (I); (E) IT IS AN "ELIGIBLE CONTRACT 
PARTICIPANT" (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. COMMODITIES EXCHANGE ACT, 
AS AMENDED); (F) IT IS EITHER A MAJOR U.S. INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR 
("MUSIV"), AS DEFINED IN RULE 15A-6(B)(4) UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, OR A QUALIFIED OFFSHORE 
CLIENT, ("QUALIFIED OFFSHORE CLIENT"), AS DEFINED IN THE 
PROSPECTUS; (G) IT HAS ENTERED INTO THE RELEVANT INVESTOR 
LETTER OF REPRESENTATIONS (OR, IF THIS SECURITY IS A NOTE 
REPRESENTED BY A GLOBAL SECURITY, THEN IT SHALL BE DEEMED TO 
HAVE 
ENTERED 
INTO 
THE 
RELEVANT 
INVESTOR 
LETTER 
OF 
REPRESENTATIONS) FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE DEALER, THE RELEVANT 
ISSUER AND (IF APPLICABLE) THE GUARANTOR (TOGETHER WITH THEIR 
RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES AND CONTROL PERSONS) AND REMAINS IN 
COMPLIANCE THEREWITH; (H) IT UNDERSTANDS AND ACKNOWLEDGES 
THAT THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A LIST OF PARTICIPANTS HOLDING 
POSITIONS IN THE SECURITIES FROM ONE OR MORE BOOK-ENTRY 
DEPOSITORIES; AND (I) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT REOFFER, RESELL, 
REDELIVER, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER ANY SECURITIES OR ANY 
LEGAL OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN TO ANY PERSON EXCEPT (X) 
TO THE ISSUER OR THE DEALER OR (Y) IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES 
AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A EXCLUSIVELY TO OR THROUGH 
THE ISSUER OR THE DEALER TO PERSONS WHO MEET ALL OF THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF CLAUSES (A) THROUGH (G) ABOVE, WHO MAKE THE 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT IN CLAUSE (H) ABOVE AND WHO MAKE AN 
UNDERTAKING TO THE EFFECT OF THIS CLAUSE (I). ANY PLEDGE, SALE OR 
OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY EFFECTED OTHERWISE THAN TO OR 
THROUGH THE ISSUER OR THE DEALER TO A PERSON THAT IS (i) A QIB, (ii) 
A QP, (iii) AN ELIGIBLE CONTRACT PARTICIPANT, (iv) A MUSIV OR A 
QUALIFIED OFFSHORE CLIENT, (v) A PARTY TO THE RELEVANT INVESTOR 
LETTER OF REPRESENTATIONS IN COMPLIANCE WITH CLAUSE (H) ABOVE 
AND (vi) SUBJECT TO CLAUSE (H) ABOVE SHALL, AT THE OPTION OF THE 
ISSUER, (X) CAUSE SUCH SECURITY TO BE SOLD OR (Y) GIVE NOTICE TO 
THE TRANSFEREE THAT SUCH SECURITY WILL BE REDEEMED. 
 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Notes will bear a legend as determined by the relevant Issuer, 
substantially to the following effect: 
THIS NOTE, THE GUARANTEE IN RESPECT HEREOF AND, IN CERTAIN 
INSTANCES THE SECURITIES TO BE DELIVERED UPON EXERCISE HEREOF, 
IF ANY, HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE 
LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES, 
AND NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE OFFERED,

--- Page 880 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
874 
 
SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED, DELIVERED, EXERCISED OR 
REDEEMED, EXCEPT: 
(I) (1) PURSUANT TO THE REGISTRATION EXEMPTION CONTAINED IN 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S") 
EXCLUSIVELY TO OR THROUGH THE ISSUER OR THE DEALER TO A PERSON 
WHO (A) IS NOT A U.S. PERSON OR IS AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER, (B) IS 
NOT ACTING FOR OR ON BEHALF OF A U.S. PERSON, (C) IS ACQUIRING THIS 
NOTE 
IN 
AN 
OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION 
IN 
COMPLIANCE 
WITH 
REGULATION S, AND (D) IS EITHER (I) A "QUALIFIED INVESTOR" AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (AS AMENDED) OR REGULATION 
(EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF THE UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE 
OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (AS AMENDED) (AS 
APPLICABLE), OR (II) ANY OTHER PURCHASER THAT IS APPROVED BY THE 
DEALER FROM TIME TO TIME) OR (2) IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 
144A") EXCLUSIVELY TO OR THROUGH THE ISSUER OR THE DEALER TO A 
PERSON WHO MEETS ALL OF THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENTS AT THE 
TIME OF SUCH TRANSFER: (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER 
("QIB") AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A; (B) IT IS A QUALIFIED PURCHASER 
("QP"), AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2(A)(51) OF THE U.S. INVESTMENT 
COMPANY ACT OF 1940 (THE "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT"); (C) IT IS AN 
"ELIGIBLE CONTRACT PARTICIPANT" (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. 
COMMODITIES EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED); (D) IT IS EITHER A MAJOR 
U.S. INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR ("MUSIV"), AS DEFINED IN RULE 15A-
6(B)(4) UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS 
AMENDED, OR A QUALIFIED OFFSHORE CLIENT ("QUALIFIED OFFSHORE 
CLIENT"), AS DEFINED IN THE PROSPECTUS; AND 
(II) WHERE THE PURCHASER THEREOF (A) WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF 
APPLICABLE 
TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS 
TO 
ANY 
SUBSEQUENT 
TRANSFEREE; (B) IS PURCHASING SOLELY FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR 
THE ACCOUNTS OF ONE OR MORE NON-U.S. PERSONS (IN THE CASE OF 
CLAUSE (I)(1) ABOVE) OR ONE OR MORE QIBs (IN THE CASE OF CLAUSE 
(I)(2) ABOVE) AS TO EACH OF WHICH IT ACTS AS DULY AUTHORISED 
AGENT AND/OR EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION AND FOR 
EACH 
OF 
WHICH 
IT 
HAS 
FULL 
POWER 
TO 
MAKE 
THE 
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS, 
REPRESENTATIONS, 
WARRANTIES 
AND 
AGREEMENTS SET FORTH IN EITHER CLAUSES (I)(1) OR (I)(2); (C) HAS 
ENTERED INTO THE RELEVANT INVESTOR LETTER OF REPRESENTATIONS 
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR, THE ARRANGER AND 
THE 
DEALER 
AND 
REMAINS 
IN 
COMPLIANCE 
THEREWITH; 
(D) 
UNDERSTANDS AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A 
LIST OF PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE SECURITIES FROM 
ONE OR MORE BOOK-ENTRY DEPOSITORIES; AND (E) AGREES THAT IT 
WILL NOT REOFFER, RESELL, REDELIVER, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFER ANY SECURITIES OR ANY LEGAL OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
THEREIN TO ANY PERSON EXCEPT (W) TO THE ISSUER OR THE DEALER, (X) 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S IN A TRANSACTION THAT MEETS 
ALL THE REQUIREMENTS OF CLAUSES (I)(1) ABOVE AND THIS CLAUSE (II), 
TO A PERSON WHO MAKES THE ACKNOWLEDGMENT IN CLAUSE (II)(D) 
ABOVE AND WHO MAKES AN UNDERTAKING TO THE EFFECT OF THIS 
CLAUSE (II)(E), OR (Y) IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE SECURITIES 
LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
RULE 144A EXCLUSIVELY TO OR THROUGH THE ISSUER OR THE DEALER 
TO PERSONS WHO MEET ALL OF THE REQUIREMENTS OF CLAUSES (I)(2) 
ABOVE AND THIS CLAUSE (II), WHO MAKE THE ACKNOWLEDGMENT IN 
CLAUSE (II)(D) ABOVE AND WHO MAKE AN UNDERTAKING TO THE EFFECT 
OF THIS CLAUSE (II)(E).

--- Page 881 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
875 
 
ANY PLEDGE, SALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE EFFECTED 
OTHERWISE THAN EITHER TO OR THROUGH THE ISSUER OR THE DEALER 
IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION SOLELY TO OR FOR THE BENEFIT OF A 
PERSON WHO SATISFIES THE CONDITIONS OF CLAUSE (I)(1) OR TO OR 
THROUGH THE ISSUER OR THE DEALER TO A PERSON THAT SATISFIES THE 
CONDITIONS IN CLAUSE (I)(2) ABOVE AND IN EITHER CASE SATISFIES THE 
CONDITIONS IN CLAUSE (II) ABOVE SHALL, AT THE OPTION OF THE 
ISSUER, (X) CAUSE SUCH NOTE TO BE SOLD OR (Y) GIVE NOTICE TO THE 
TRANSFEREE THAT SUCH NOTE WILL BE REDEEMED. AS USED HEREIN, 
THE TERMS "OFFSHORE TRANSACTION", "UNITED STATES" AND "U.S. 
PERSON" HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM UNDER REGULATION S. 
HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE 
CONDUCTED EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT. 
 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Warrants or Regulation S/Rule 144A Certificates will bear a 
legend as determined by the relevant Issuer, substantially to the following effect: 
THIS SECURITY, THE GUARANTEE IN RESPECT HEREOF AND, IN CERTAIN 
INSTANCES THE SECURITIES TO BE DELIVERED UPON EXERCISE HEREOF, 
IF ANY, HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY 
STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR ANY 
INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED, 
DELIVERED 
OR 
OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED 
OR 
EXERCISED 
OR 
REDEEMED, EXCEPT: 
(I) (1) PURSUANT TO THE REGISTRATION EXEMPTION CONTAINED IN 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S") 
EXCLUSIVELY TO OR THROUGH THE ISSUER OR THE DEALER TO A PERSON 
WHO (A) IS NOT A U.S. PERSON OR IS AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER, (B) IS 
NOT ACTING FOR OR ON BEHALF OF A U.S. PERSON, (C) IS ACQUIRING THIS 
SECURITY IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH 
REGULATION S, AND (D) IS EITHER (I) A "QUALIFIED INVESTOR" AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (AS AMENDED) OR REGULATION 
(EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF THE UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE 
OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (AS AMENDED) (AS 
APPLICABLE), OR (II) ANY OTHER PURCHASER THAT IS APPROVED BY THE 
DEALER FROM TIME TO TIME) OR (2) IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 
144A") EXCLUSIVELY TO OR THROUGH THE ISSUER OR THE DEALER TO A 
PERSON WHO MEETS ALL OF THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENTS AT THE 
TIME OF SUCH TRANSFER: (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER 
("QIB") AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A; (B) IT IS A QUALIFIED PURCHASER 
("QP"), AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2(A)(51) OF THE U.S. INVESTMENT 
COMPANY ACT OF 1940 ("INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT"); (C) IT IS AN 
"ELIGIBLE CONTRACT PARTICIPANT" (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. 
COMMODITIES EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED); (D) IT IS EITHER A MAJOR 
U.S. INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR ("MUSIV"), AS DEFINED IN RULE 15A-
6(B)(4) UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS 
AMENDED, OR A QUALIFIED OFFSHORE CLIENT ("QUALIFIED OFFSHORE 
CLIENT"), AS DEFINED IN THE PROSPECTUS; AND 
(II) WHERE THE PURCHASER THEREOF (A) WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF 
APPLICABLE 
TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS 
TO 
ANY 
SUBSEQUENT 
TRANSFEREE; (B) IS PURCHASING SOLELY FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR 
THE ACCOUNTS OF ONE OR MORE NON-U.S. PERSONS (IN THE CASE OF 
CLAUSE (I)(1) ABOVE) OR ONE OR MORE QIBs (IN THE CASE OF CLAUSE 
(I)(2) ABOVE) AS TO EACH OF WHICH IT ACTS AS DULY AUTHORISED 
AGENT AND/OR EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION AND FOR

--- Page 882 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
876 
 
EACH 
OF 
WHICH 
IT 
HAS 
FULL 
POWER 
TO 
MAKE 
THE 
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS, 
REPRESENTATIONS, 
WARRANTIES 
AND 
AGREEMENTS SET FORTH IN EITHER CLAUSES (I)(1) OR (I)(2); (C) HAS 
ENTERED INTO THE RELEVANT INVESTOR LETTER OF REPRESENTATIONS 
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR, THE ARRANGER AND 
THE 
DEALER 
AND 
REMAINS 
IN 
COMPLIANCE 
THEREWITH; 
(D) 
UNDERSTANDS AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A 
LIST OF PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE SECURITIES FROM 
ONE OR MORE BOOK-ENTRY DEPOSITORIES; AND (E) AGREES THAT IT 
WILL NOT REOFFER, RESELL, REDELIVER, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFER ANY SECURITIES OR ANY LEGAL OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
THEREIN TO ANY PERSON EXCEPT (W) TO THE ISSUER OR THE DEALER, (X) 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S IN A TRANSACTION THAT MEETS 
ALL THE REQUIREMENTS OF CLAUSES (I)(1) ABOVE AND THIS CLAUSE (II), 
TO A PERSON WHO MAKES THE ACKNOWLEDGMENT IN CLAUSE (II)(D) 
ABOVE AND WHO MAKES AN UNDERTAKING TO THE EFFECT OF THIS 
CLAUSE (II)(E), OR (Y) IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE SECURITIES 
LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
RULE 144A EXCLUSIVELY TO OR THROUGH THE ISSUER OR THE DEALER 
TO PERSONS WHO MEET ALL OF THE REQUIREMENTS OF CLAUSES (I)(2) 
ABOVE AND THIS CLAUSE (II), WHO MAKE THE ACKNOWLEDGMENT IN 
CLAUSE (II)(D) ABOVE AND WHO MAKE AN UNDERTAKING TO THE EFFECT 
OF THIS CLAUSE (II)(E). 
ANY PLEDGE, SALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY EFFECTED 
OTHERWISE THAN EITHER TO OR THROUGH THE ISSUER OR DEALER IN AN 
OFFSHORE TRANSACTION SOLELY TO OR FOR THE BENEFIT OF A PERSON 
WHO SATISFIES THE CONDITIONS OF CLAUSE (I)(1) OR TO OR THROUGH 
THE ISSUER OR THE DEALER TO A PERSON THAT SATISFIES THE 
CONDITIONS IN CLAUSE (I)(2) ABOVE AND IN EITHER CASE SATISFIES THE 
CONDITIONS IN CLAUSE (II) ABOVE SHALL, AT THE OPTION OF THE 
ISSUER, (X) CAUSE SUCH SECURITY TO BE SOLD OR (Y) GIVE NOTICE TO 
THE TRANSFEREE THAT SUCH SECURITY WILL BE REDEEMED. AS USED 
HEREIN, THE TERMS "OFFSHORE TRANSACTION", "UNITED STATES" 
AND "U.S. PERSON" HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY 
REGULATION S. 
HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE 
CONDUCTED EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT. 
(i) 
it will provide notice of applicable transfer restrictions to any subsequent transferees of 
Securities; 
(j) 
it understands that each Global Security deposited with a custodian for DTC shall also bear the 
following legend: 
"UNLESS THIS SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE 
OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION ("DTC"), TO 
THE RELEVANT ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, 
EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY SECURITY ISSUED IN THE SAME SERIES (AS 
DEFINED IN THE AGENCY AGREEMENT) IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE 
& CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO 
SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE 
OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR 
OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE 
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN." 
(k) 
it does not have, at the time it purchases or receives Securities of any Series or at the time it 
resells, transfers, exercises or redeems Securities, any material, non-public information

--- Page 883 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
877 
 
regarding the relevant Reference Asset, any Reference Bonds and/or relevant Reference Obligor 
Obligation (if any); 
(l) 
it agrees that the Securities are not secured by any interest in any property or assets of any kind 
whatsoever, that the purchaser does not acquire any interest in or right to acquire, or rights 
associated with holding any Reference Asset, any Reference Bonds and/or relevant Reference 
Obligor Obligation (including voting rights, if any) by virtue of holding any Security, that 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor or any entity acting for the Issuer or the Guarantor is obliged 
to hold or sell the relevant Reference Asset, any Reference Bonds and/or relevant Reference 
Obligor Obligation, and that this disclaimer of any interest or claim to the relevant Reference 
Asset, any Reference Bonds and/or relevant Reference Obligor Obligation (if any) is itself an 
integral term of the Securities; 
(m) 
it acknowledges that in respect of any sale or purchase of Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities by 
the Dealer where J.P. Morgan Securities plc ("JPMS plc") is acting as Dealer and where J.P. 
Morgan Securities LLC ("JPMS LLC") is acting as agent of the Dealer in connection with such 
sale or purchase, JPMS LLC will act solely as agent of the Dealer and it agrees to proceed solely 
against the Dealer, and not JPMS LLC, in seeking enforcement of its rights and obligations with 
respect to the performance of such sale or purchase of Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities, 
including its rights and obligations with respect to any payment or delivery of Regulation S/Rule 
144A Securities in connection with any such sale or purchase; 
(n) 
in respect of any sale or purchase of Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities by the Dealer where 
JPMS plc is acting as Dealer and where JPMS LLC is acting as agent of the Dealer in connection 
with such sale or purchase, it requests JPMS LLC to discontinue physical delivery of trade 
confirmations produced pursuant to SEC Rule 10b-10 for all its accounts (as specified in the 
form agreed between it and JPMS LLC) and to request electronic mail delivery (e-mail) of such 
trade confirmations to certain email accounts as specified from time to time. It agrees to notify 
the Dealer and JPMS LLC in writing of any updates to its e-mail addresses or if it wishes to 
resume physical delivery of such trade confirmations. It also acknowledges that it has been 
notified by the Dealer and JPMS LLC that the contents of messages sent via e-mail are not 
protected against either being viewed or altered in transmission without the sender or receiver's 
knowledge, and that the Dealer and JPMS LLC cannot be responsible for guaranteeing message 
content, integrity or timeliness although the Dealer and JPMS LLC will make reasonable efforts 
to ensure that the information as delivered is sent to the correct recipient; 
(o) 
in respect of any sale or purchase of Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities by the Dealer where 
JPMS plc is acting as Dealer and where JPMS LLC is acting as agent of the Dealer in connection 
with such sale or purchase, pursuant to NASD Rule 2340(b) it relieves JPMS LLC of its 
obligation to provide to it quarterly account statements pursuant to NASD Rule 2340(a). It 
acknowledges that: (i) its account(s) is/are carried solely for the purpose of execution of 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities on a delivery versus payment/receive versus payment 
("DVP/RVP") basis; and (ii) all sales or purchases of Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities 
effected for its account(s) are done on a DVP/RVP basis. JPMS LLC undertakes to provide any 
particular statement or statements it promptly upon request and to promptly reinstate the 
delivery of such statements to it upon request; 
(p) 
it is not: 
 
a country, territory, individual or entity named on any publicly available list of known 
or suspected terrorists, terrorist organisations or other sanctioned persons or entities, or 
an individual or entity that resides or has a place of business in a country or territory 
named on such lists, issued by the U.S. government, including those lists administered 
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control and the undersigned has established procedures 
to identify clients on such lists; or 
 
a "Foreign Shell Bank" as defined in the Uniting and Strengthening America by 
Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, 
as amended (the "USA PATRIOT Act"), a foreign bank operating under an "Offshore 
Banking License", as defined in the USA PATRIOT Act, a foreign bank operating in a 
non-cooperative Financial Action Task Force jurisdiction, or a foreign bank operating in

--- Page 884 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
878 
 
an industry or jurisdiction designated as of primary money laundering concern by the 
U.S. Secretary of the Treasury;  
(q) 
if it is holding Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities, it agrees, if requested by the Issuer, to certify 
that when it purchased such Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities, it purchased the Regulation 
S/Rule 144A Securities pursuant to either or both of (i) Rule 144A of the Securities Act, as 
amended; or (ii) the registration exemption contained in Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
(r) 
if it is purchasing a Regulation S/Rule 144A Security or a Rule 144A Security and if it (or any 
ultimate purchaser): 
 
is not a "United States person" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code (the "Code"), it certifies that it (and any ultimate purchaser) is 
not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code and 
upon written request of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or Dealer, it will 
provide to the relevant Issuer the applicable IRS Form W-8 or other certification of its 
(and any ultimate purchaser's) nationality, residence and identity as prescribed by 
applicable Treasury regulations; or 
 
is a "United States person" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code: 
 
it certifies that it (and any ultimate purchaser) is a "United States person" within 
the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code; 
 
it represents that it (and any ultimate purchaser) is not investing in the Security as 
part of a tax avoidance plan and will reflect payments on the Security on its U.S. 
tax return; 
 
with respect to any Rule 144A Security in definitive form or any Regulation 
S/Rule 144A Security, it shall provide the complete name (as shown on its U.S. 
tax return), complete address and tax identification number in respect of itself and 
any ultimate purchaser that is a "United States person" within the meaning of 
Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code for whom it may be acting as a duly authorised 
agent (as appropriate); and 
 
it certifies that it (and any ultimate purchaser) has not been notified by the Internal 
Revenue Service that it is subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to 
report all interest or dividends; 
(s) 
it understands and acknowledges that it, its employees, representatives or other agents may 
disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal income tax 
treatment and tax structure of the offering of Securities pursuant to the Base Prospectus and all 
materials of any kind (including any opinions or other tax analyses provided) relating to such 
U.S. federal income tax treatment and tax structure; and 
(t) 
it makes the acknowledgements, representations, warranties and agreements in relation to the 
applicable Securities as set forth in section (a), (b) or (c), as applicable, in "ERISA Legends and 
ERISA Restrictions" below, and such applicable section shall be set out in full or deemed to be 
set out in full (as applicable) in the relevant Letter of Representations (if any). 
Investor Letter of Representations - CREST CDI Securities: 
Purchasers and subsequent transferees of CREST CDI Securities (whether represented in global or 
definitive form) will be required to execute and deliver to the Dealer for the benefit of each of the Dealer, 
the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) (together with their respective affiliates and control 
persons), a letter of representation (such letter, for the benefit of such parties, an "Investor Letter of 
Representations") prior to agreeing to purchase any such Securities. 
The Investor Letter of Representations will be in the form approved by the Dealer, and shall (unless 
otherwise required by the Dealer in relation to any particular Securities) contain, among other 
representations, the following purchaser representations:

--- Page 885 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
879 
 
1. 
Neither we nor any person(s) on whose behalf or for whose account or benefit we are acting are 
(a) U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S ("Regulation S") under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act")) or (b) resident or otherwise located in the 
United States. If we are acquiring the Securities on behalf of, or for the account or benefit of, 
one or more investor accounts for which we exercise investment discretion, we have full power 
and authority to exercise such investment discretion and to make, and do so make, the 
representations, warranties, agreements and acknowledgements herein on behalf of such 
investor. 
2. 
Any Securities we acquire will be for our own account (or for accounts of an investor for which 
we exercise sole investment discretion) for investment purposes, and not with a view to resale 
or distribution, directly or indirectly, in the United States or otherwise in violation of the U.S. 
securities laws, subject to the understanding that the disposition of our property shall at all times 
be and remain within our control.  
3. 
Other than pursuant to paragraph 2, we shall not hold the Securities for the benefit of any other 
person and shall be the sole beneficial owner thereof for all purposes and shall not sell 
participation interests in the Securities or enter into any other arrangement pursuant to which 
any other person shall be entitled to a beneficial interest in the distributions on the Securities. 
4. 
We understand that the Securities are being offered in a transaction not involving any public 
offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act and that the Securities 
have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. We are acquiring the 
Securities in an "offshore transaction" (as such term is defined in Regulation S). We 
acknowledge and agree that we are not acquiring the Securities as a result of any directed selling 
efforts (as that term is defined in Regulation S) and that our purchase of the Securities is not 
part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
5. 
We agree that any reoffer, resale, pledge, assignment or other transfer of the Securities shall 
only be made with the prior written consent of the Dealer in an offshore transaction in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act to a person that 
has executed and agrees to remain at all times during which it holds the Securities in compliance 
with an investor letter in substantially the form as this letter. 
6. 
We represent that: 
(1) 
(A) 
we are not (a) an "employee benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(3) of Title I of 
the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
("ERISA")) that is subject to the fiduciary responsibilities provisions of ERISA, 
(b) a "plan" as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (c) 
any entity whose underlying assets include "plan assets" by reason of any such 
employee benefit plan's or plan's investment in the entity or (d) a "benefit plan 
investor" as such term is otherwise defined in Section 3(42) of ERISA or any 
regulations promulgated by the U.S. Department of Labor thereunder; or  
(B) 
(i) we are an insurance company acting on behalf of our general account, (ii) we 
are not a person who has discretionary authority or control with respect to the 
assets of the Issuer or a person who provides investment advice for a fee (direct 
or indirect) with respect to such assets, or any affiliate of such a person, (iii) as of 
the date we acquire and throughout the period we hold the Securities, or any 
interest therein, less than 25 per cent. of the assets of such general account 
constitutes "plan assets" (as defined in 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as modified 
by Section 3(42) of ERISA) for purposes of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the 
Code, (iv) we agree that if, after our initial acquisition of the Securities, or any 
interest therein, at any time during any month, 25 per cent. or more of the assets 
of such general account constitute "plan assets", then we shall, in a manner 
consistent with the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, dispose of the 
Securities, or any interest therein, held in our general account by the end of the 
next following month, and (v) the acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition

--- Page 886 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
880 
 
of the Securities, or any interest therein, will not constitute or result in a prohibited 
transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code which is not covered under 
PTCE 95-60 or some other applicable exemption; and  
(2) 
if we are a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan which is subject to any federal, 
state, local or non-U.S. law similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code, (A) we are not, and for so long as we hold such Security or interest 
therein will not be, subject to any federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other law or regulation 
that could cause the underlying assets of the Issuer to be treated as assets of the investor 
in any Security (or any interest therein) by virtue of its interest and thereby subject the 
Issuer or any person responsible for the investment and operation of the Issuer's assets to 
laws or regulations that are similar to the fiduciary responsibility or prohibited 
transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, and (B) our acquisition, 
holding and subsequent disposition of such Securities will not constitute or result in a 
non-exempt violation under any such similar federal, state, local or non-U.S. law. We 
understand and acknowledge that each of the Issuer and the Guarantor shall have no 
obligation to recognise any offer, sale, pledge, assignment, delivery or other transfer of 
the Securities made other than in compliance with the consent requirements and 
restrictions on transfer set forth and described herein.  
(3) 
We understand and agree that if any purported transfer of the Securities to a purchaser 
does not comply with such requirement, the Issuer will have the right to either cause the 
Securities to be sold to an acquirer selected by the Issuer that certifies to the Issuer that 
it meets the required criteria, pending which transfer no further payments will be made 
on the Securities, or give notice to the holder of the Securities that the Securities will be 
redeemed at the Early Payment Amount.  
7. 
We understand that the global certificate representing the Securities will bear the following 
legend: 
"THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS GLOBAL CERTIFICATE AND THE 
GUARANTEE IN RESPECT THEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") NOR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES 
AND THE GUARANTEE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER 
THE RULES OF THE U.S. COMPTROLLER OF THE CURRENCY. THE SECURITIES 
REPRESENTED BY THIS GLOBAL CERTIFICATE AND THE GUARANTEE IN 
RESPECT THEREOF MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, 
PLEDGED, ASSIGNED, DELIVERED, EXERCISED OR REDEEMED TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT."  
8. 
We understand that we will not be a legal or beneficial owner of Securities, but that we will 
instead hold dematerialised CREST depository interests ("CDIs") which are issued, held, settled 
and transferred through CREST, representing an indirect interest only in the Securities. We 
further understand that (i) CDIs are separate legal instruments from the Securities, which are 
issued by CREST Depository Limited and represent indirect interests in the interests of the 
nominee for the CREST Depository Limited in the Securities, and (ii) we have read and 
understood the risks in relation to CDIs as set out in "Book-Entry Clearing Systems" in the Base 
Prospectus. 
9. 
We confirm and agree that we and any investors for whose account or benefit or on whose behalf 
we are acting have satisfied, and will satisfy, any and all requirements and restrictions relating 
to the Securities set forth in the section "Subscription and Sale" of the Base Prospectus in 
relation to our purchase of Securities and any subsequent offer or sale made by us of the 
Securities. 
10. 
We 
understand 
that 
the 
foregoing 
representations, 
warranties, 
agreements 
and 
acknowledgements are required in connection with U.S. and other securities laws and that the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer and their respective affiliates, and any broker, dealer, placing

--- Page 887 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
881 
 
agent or distributor that may be acting in connection with the issuance of the Securities outside 
the United States, and their respective affiliates, and others are entitled to rely upon the truth 
and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements and acknowledgements contained 
herein. 
11. 
We agree that, if at any time any of the representations, warranties, agreements, 
acknowledgments or understandings made or given in this letter are no longer true, whether with 
respect to ourselves or with respect to any investor for whose account or benefit or on whose 
behalf we are purchasing or holding the Securities, we will (i) promptly inform the Dealer and 
(ii) until such time as we have re-executed and re-delivered an investor letter in substantially 
the form of this letter, we will not purchase any further CREST CDI Securities.  
12. 
We confirm that, to the extent we are purchasing the Securities for the account of one or more 
other persons, (a) we have been duly authorised to sign this letter and make the confirmations, 
understandings, acknowledgements and agreements set forth herein on their behalf and (b) the 
provisions of this letter constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of us and any other person 
for whose account we are acting.  
13. 
We irrevocably authorise the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer, their respective affiliates, any 
broker, dealer, placing agent or distributor, and their respective affiliates and any person acting 
on their behalf to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any administrative 
or legal proceedings, dispute or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. 
14. 
The terms and provisions of this letter shall inure to the benefit of the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the Dealer and their successors and permitted assigns, and the terms and provisions hereof shall 
be binding on our permitted successors in title, permitted assigns and permitted transferees. 
15. 
We agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealer as well as 
their officers, director, employees, advisors, agents and controlling persons (each, an 
"Indemnified Person") from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, judgments, 
liabilities and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses (including the cost of 
any investigation and preparation), when and as incurred by such Indemnified Person, resulting 
from or arising out of or related to a breach of any representation, warranty or agreement made 
in this letter by us on our own behalf or on behalf of any investor for whose account or benefit 
or on whose behalf we are purchasing or holding the Securities. 
16. 
We hereby represent and warrant that all necessary actions have been taken to empower and 
authorise the purchase by us of the Securities and the execution of this letter. 
ERISA Legends and ERISA Restrictions 
Each purchaser of any Securities hereunder shall be deemed to make the following acknowledgements, 
representations, warranties and agreements in relation to the applicable Securities as set forth below (and 
the applicable acknowledgements, representations, warranties and agreements shall be set out in each 
Investor Letter of Representations): 
(a) 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. issued Securities: With respect to each Security issued by 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., each purchaser acknowledges, represents, warrants and agrees 
with the following: 
 
With respect to each Security issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., it shall not acquire, 
hold or subsequently dispose of such Security for, on behalf of, or with the assets of any 
"employee benefit plan" subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of the U.S. 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") or any 
"plan" subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the "Code"), or an entity part or all of the assets of which constitute assets of any such 
employee benefit plan or plan by reason of Department of Labor Regulation Section 
2510.3 101, Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise (each a "Plan") or any governmental, 
church, non-U.S. or other plan subject to any federal, state, local or non-U.S. law similar 
to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, unless such acquisition, holding 
and subsequent disposition of the Security will not constitute or result in any non-exempt

--- Page 888 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
882 
 
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or under Section 4975 of the Code 
(or in the case of a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan, a non-exempt violation 
of any similar federal, state, local or non-U.S. law). Any fiduciary of a Plan acquiring a 
Security in reliance upon the statutory "service provider exemption" under Section 
408(b)(17) of ERISA or Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code represents and warrants at the 
time of the Plan's acquisition and throughout the period the Plan holds the Security that 
(x) the Plan fiduciary has made a good faith determination that the Plan is paying no 
more than, and is receiving no less than, adequate consideration in connection with the 
transaction and (y) none of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any of its affiliates exercises 
discretionary authority or control or renders investment advice with respect to the assets 
of the Plan which the fiduciary is using to acquire the Security. 
 
each Security issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. shall bear the following legend: 
THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND SUBSEQUENT DISPOSITION OF THIS 
SECURITY BY, OR ON BEHALF OF, OR WITH THE ASSETS OF ANY 
"EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" SUBJECT TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY 
PROVISIONS OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT 
OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), OR ANY "PLAN" SUBJECT TO SECTION 
4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE 
"CODE"), OR AN ENTITY PART OR ALL OF THE ASSETS OF WHICH 
CONSTITUTE ASSETS OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN 
BY REASON OF DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATION SECTION 2510.3-101, 
SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA OR OTHERWISE (EACH A "PLAN") OR ANY 
GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S., OR OTHER PLAN SUBJECT TO ANY 
FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF 
ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE IS PROHIBITED UNLESS SUCH 
ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND SUBSEQUENT DISPOSITION OF THE 
SECURITY WOULD NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN ANY NON-EXEMPT 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR UNDER 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (OR IN THE CASE OF A GOVERNMENTAL, 
CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN, A NON-EXEMPT VIOLATION OF ANY 
SIMILAR FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW). ANY FIDUCIARY OF 
A PLAN ACQUIRING A SECURITY IN RELIANCE UPON THE STATUTORY 
"SERVICE PROVIDER EXEMPTION" UNDER SECTION 408(b)(17) OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975(d)(20) OF THE CODE WILL REPRESENT AND WARRANT OR 
WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED, AS 
APPLICABLE, AT THE TIME OF THE PLAN'S ACQUISITION AND 
THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD THE PLAN HOLDS THE SECURITY THAT (X) THE 
PLAN FIDUCIARY HAS MADE A GOOD FAITH DETERMINATION THAT THE 
PLAN IS PAYING NO MORE THAN, AND IS RECEIVING NO LESS THAN, 
ADEQUATE CONSIDERATION IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTION 
AND (Y) NONE OF JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES 
EXERCISES DISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY OR CONTROL OR RENDERS 
INVESTMENT ADVICE WITH RESPECT TO THE ASSETS OF THE PLAN WHICH 
THE FIDUCIARY IS USING TO ACQUIRE THE SECURITY. IF ANY PURPORTED 
TRANSFER OF THE SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, TO AN 
ACQUIRER 
OR 
TRANSFEREE 
DOES 
NOT 
COMPLY 
WITH 
THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF THIS PARAGRAPH, THE ISSUER MAY, AT ITS 
DISCRETION, CAUSE SUCH SECURITY TO BE SOLD OR GIVE NOTICE TO THE 
TRANSFEREE THAT SUCH SECURITY WILL BE REDEEMED. EACH 
BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THIS SECURITY IN PHYSICAL FORM WILL BE 
REQUIRED TO EXECUTE AN INVESTOR LETTER OF REPRESENTATIONS OR 
WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE MADE THE ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS, 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS SET FORTH IN SUCH 
LETTER. 
(b) 
JPMSP Standard Restrictions: With respect to each Security issued by JPMSP, where the 
relevant Issue Terms provide that "JPMSP Standard Restrictions apply" (or where the relevant 
Issue Terms are silent as to whether "JPMSP Standard Restrictions apply" or "JPMSP Special 
Restrictions apply") it acknowledges, represents, warrants and agrees with the following:

--- Page 889 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
883 
 
 
With respect to the acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition of each Security 
issued by JPMSP, (1) (A) it is not (a) an "employee benefit plan" (as defined in Section 
3(3) of Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended ("ERISA")) that is subject to the fiduciary responsibilities provisions of 
ERISA, (b) a "plan" as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (c) any 
entity whose underlying assets include "plan assets" by reason of any such employee 
benefit plan's or plan's investment in the entity or (d) a "benefit plan investor" as such 
term is otherwise defined in Section 3(42) of ERISA or in any regulations promulgated 
by the U.S. Department of Labor thereunder or (B) (i) it is an insurance company acting 
on behalf of its general account, (ii) it is not a person who has discretionary authority or 
control with respect to the assets of the Issuer or a person who provides investment advice 
for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets, or any affiliate of such a person, 
(iii) as of the date it acquires and throughout the period it holds the Security, or any 
interest therein, less than 25 per cent. of the assets of such general account constitutes 
"plan assets" (as defined in 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) 
of ERISA) for purposes of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code, (iv) it agrees that if, 
after its initial acquisition of the Security, or any interest therein, at any time during any 
month, 25 per cent. or more of the assets of such general account constitute "plan assets", 
then such insurance company shall, in a manner consistent with the restrictions on 
transfer set forth herein, dispose of the Security, or any interest therein, held in its general 
account by the end of the next following month, and (v) the acquisition, holding and 
subsequent disposition of the Security, or any interest therein, will not constitute or result 
in a prohibited transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code which is not 
covered under PTCE 95-60 or some other applicable exemption, and (2) if it is a 
governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan which is subject to any federal, state, local 
or non-U.S. law similar to the provision of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the 
Code, (A) it is not, and for so long as it holds such Security or interest therein will not 
be, subject to any federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other law or regulation that could 
cause the underlying assets of the Issuer to be treated as assets of the investor in any 
Security (or any interest therein) by virtue of its interest and thereby subject the Issuer or 
any person responsible for the investment and operation of the Issuer's assets to laws or 
regulations that are similar to the fiduciary responsibility or prohibited transaction 
provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, and (B) its acquisition, holding and 
subsequent disposition of such Security will not constitute or result in a non-exempt 
violation under any such similar federal, state, local or non-U.S. law. 
 
each Security issued by JPMSP where the relevant Issue Terms provide that the "JPMSP 
Standard Restrictions apply" (or where the relevant Issue Terms are silent as to whether 
"JPMSP Standard Restrictions apply" or "JPMSP Special Restrictions apply" with 
respect to such Security) shall bear the following legend: 
BY ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR SUBSEQUENT DISPOSITION OF THIS 
SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, THE ACQUIRER AND/OR HOLDER 
THEREOF AND EACH TRANSFEREE WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED AT THE TIME OF ITS ACQUISITION AND 
THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD THAT IT HOLDS SUCH SECURITY THAT (1) (A) 
IT IS NOT AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF 
THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED 
("ERISA")) 
THAT 
IS 
SUBJECT 
TO 
THE 
FIDUCIARY 
RESPONSIBILITY PROVISIONS OF ERISA, A PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 
4975(e)(1) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED 
(THE "CODE"), THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, ANY 
ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" BY 
REASON OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR PLAN'S 
INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY OR THAT IS OTHERWISE A "BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR" AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA OR IN 
ANY REGULATIONS PROMULGATED BY THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR 
THEREUNDER OR (B) (I) IT IS AN INSURANCE COMPANY ACTING ON 
BEHALF OF ITS GENERAL ACCOUNT, (II) IT IS NOT A PERSON WHO HAS

--- Page 890 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
884 
 
DISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY OR CONTROL WITH RESPECT TO THE 
ASSETS OF THE ISSUER OR A PERSON WHO PROVIDES INVESTMENT 
ADVICE FOR A FEE (DIRECT OR INDIRECT) WITH RESPECT TO SUCH ASSETS 
OR AN AFFILIATE OF SUCH A PERSON, (III) AS OF THE DATE IT ACQUIRES 
AND THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD IT HOLDS A SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST 
THEREIN, LESS THAN 25 PER CENT. OF THE ASSETS OF SUCH GENERAL 
ACCOUNT CONSTITUTES "PLAN ASSETS" (AS DEFINED IN 29 C.F.R. SECTION 
2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA), (IV) IT AGREES THAT 
IF, AFTER ITS INITIAL ACQUISITION OF A SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST 
THEREIN, AT ANY TIME DURING ANY MONTH, 25 PER CENT. OR MORE OF 
THE ASSETS OF SUCH GENERAL ACCOUNT CONSTITUTES "PLAN ASSETS", 
THEN SUCH INSURANCE COMPANY SHALL, IN A MANNER CONSISTENT 
WITH THE RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SET FORTH HEREIN, DISPOSE OF 
THE SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, HELD IN ITS GENERAL 
ACCOUNT BY THE END OF THE NEXT FOLLOWING MONTH, AND (V) THE 
ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR SUBSEQUENT DISPOSITION OF SUCH 
SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR 
RESULT IN A PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA 
OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE WHICH IS NOT COVERED UNDER 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION CLASS EXEMPTION 95-60 OR SOME OTHER 
APPLICABLE EXEMPTION, AND (2) IF IT IS A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, 
NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN WHICH IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, 
LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW THAT IS SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, (A) IT IS NOT, AND 
FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS SUCH SECURITY OR INTEREST THEREIN WILL 
NOT BE, SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER 
LAW OR REGULATION THAT COULD CAUSE THE UNDERLYING ASSETS OF 
THE ISSUER TO BE TREATED AS ASSETS OF THE INVESTOR IN ANY 
SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) BY VIRTUE OF ITS INTEREST AND 
THEREBY SUBJECT THE ISSUER OR ANY PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE 
INVESTMENT AND OPERATION OF THE ISSUER'S ASSETS TO LAWS OR 
REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY 
OR PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE, AND (B) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR SUBSEQUENT 
DISPOSITION OF SUCH SECURITY WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A 
NON-EXEMPT VIOLATION UNDER SUCH SIMILAR FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL 
OR NON-U.S. LAW. IF ANY PURPORTED TRANSFER OF THE SECURITY, OR 
ANY INTEREST THEREIN, TO AN ACQUIRER OR TRANSFEREE DOES NOT 
COMPLY WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF THIS PARAGRAPH, THE ISSUER 
MAY, AT ITS DISCRETION, CAUSE SUCH SECURITY TO BE SOLD OR GIVE 
NOTICE TO THE TRANSFEREE THAT SUCH SECURITY WILL BE REDEEMED. 
EACH BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THIS SECURITY IN PHYSICAL FORM WILL BE 
REQUIRED TO EXECUTE AN INVESTOR LETTER OF REPRESENTATIONS OR 
WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE MADE THE ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS, 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS SET FORTH IN SUCH 
LETTER.  
(c) 
JPMSP Special Restrictions: With respect to each Security issued by JPMSP where the relevant 
Issue Terms provide that the "JPMSP Special Restrictions apply" (which shall be the case only 
where the Issuer has satisfied itself that such Security does not constitute an equity interest for 
purposes of ERISA) it acknowledges, represents, warrants and agrees with the following: 
 
With respect to the acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition of each Security 
issued by JPMSP, it shall not acquire, hold or subsequently dispose of such Security for, 
on behalf of, or with the assets of any "employee benefit plan" subject to the fiduciary 
responsibility provisions of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended ("ERISA") or any "plan" subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or an entity part or all of the assets of 
which constitute assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan by reason of 
Department of Labor Regulation Section 2510.3-101, Section 3(42) of ERISA or

--- Page 891 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
885 
 
otherwise (each a "Plan") or any governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan subject 
to any federal, state, local or non-U.S. law similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code, unless such acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition of the 
Security will not constitute or result in any non-exempt prohibited transaction under 
Section 406 of ERISA or under Section 4975 of the Code (or in the case of a 
governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan, a non-exempt violation of any similar 
federal, state, local or non-U.S. law). Any fiduciary of a Plan acquiring a Security in 
reliance upon the statutory "service provider exemption" under Section 408(b)(17) of 
ERISA or Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code represents and warrants at the time of the 
Plan's acquisition and throughout the period the Plan holds the Security that (x) the Plan 
fiduciary has made a good faith determination that the Plan is paying no more than, and 
is receiving no less than, adequate consideration in connection with the transaction and 
(y) none of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any of its affiliates exercises discretionary 
authority or control or renders investment advice with respect to the assets of the Plan 
which the fiduciary is using to acquire the Security. 
 
Each Security issued by JPMSP where the relevant Issue Terms provide that the "JPMSP 
Special Restrictions apply" (which shall be the case only where the Issuer has satisfied 
itself that such Security does not constitute an equity interest for purposes of ERISA) 
shall bear the following legend: 
THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND SUBSEQUENT DISPOSITION OF THIS 
SECURITY BY, OR ON BEHALF OF, OR WITH THE ASSETS OF ANY 
"EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" SUBJECT TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY 
PROVISIONS OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT 
OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), OR ANY "PLAN" SUBJECT TO SECTION 
4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE 
"CODE"), OR AN ENTITY PART OR ALL OF THE ASSETS OF WHICH 
CONSTITUTE ASSETS OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN 
BY REASON OF DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATION SECTION 2510.3-101, 
SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA OR OTHERWISE (EACH A "PLAN") OR ANY 
GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S., OR OTHER PLAN SUBJECT TO ANY 
FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF 
ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE IS PROHIBITED UNLESS SUCH 
ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND SUBSEQUENT DISPOSITION OF THE 
SECURITY WOULD NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN ANY NON-EXEMPT 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR UNDER 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (OR IN THE CASE OF A GOVERNMENTAL, 
CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN, A NON-EXEMPT VIOLATION OF ANY 
SIMILAR FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW). ANY FIDUCIARY OF 
A PLAN ACQUIRING A SECURITY IN RELIANCE UPON THE STATUTORY 
"SERVICE PROVIDER EXEMPTION" UNDER SECTION 408(b)(17) OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975(d)(20) OF THE CODE WILL REPRESENT AND WARRANT OR 
WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED, AS 
APPLICABLE, AT THE TIME OF THE PLAN'S ACQUISITION AND 
THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD THE PLAN HOLDS THE SECURITY THAT (X) THE 
PLAN FIDUCIARY HAS MADE A GOOD FAITH DETERMINATION THAT THE 
PLAN IS PAYING NO MORE THAN, AND IS RECEIVING NO LESS THAN, 
ADEQUATE CONSIDERATION IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTION 
AND (Y) NONE OF JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES 
EXERCISES DISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY OR CONTROL OR RENDERS 
INVESTMENT ADVICE WITH RESPECT TO THE ASSETS OF THE PLAN WHICH 
THE FIDUCIARY IS USING TO ACQUIRE THE SECURITY. IF ANY PURPORTED 
TRANSFER OF THE SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, TO AN 
ACQUIRER 
OR 
TRANSFEREE 
DOES 
NOT 
COMPLY 
WITH 
THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF THIS PARAGRAPH, THE ISSUER MAY, AT ITS 
DISCRETION, CAUSE SUCH SECURITY TO BE SOLD OR GIVE NOTICE TO THE 
TRANSFEREE THAT SUCH SECURITY WILL BE REDEEMED. EACH 
BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THIS SECURITY IN PHYSICAL FORM WILL BE 
REQUIRED TO EXECUTE AN INVESTOR LETTER OF REPRESENTATIONS OR

--- Page 892 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
886 
 
WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE MADE THE ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS, 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS SET FORTH IN SUCH 
LETTER. 
Representations relating to Securities that may be settled by Physical Settlement of Shares:  
In relation to the purchase by you of any Securities that may be settled by way of Physical Settlement of 
underlying shares of a company ("Company"), you (where you are not an individual, including, for the 
purpose of the representations below, each of your affiliates) are deemed to represent to each of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealer and, in any Reference Asset Transfer Notice ("Notice") to be 
provided by you prior to the Physical Settlement to you of any shares, you will represent, as of the date 
of the Notice and as of the date on which the shares are to be delivered, as follows (subject to certain 
minor changes in the terms of the Notice as the context requires) (an "Equity Certification"): 
 
you are not aware of any non-public information that would likely have a significant effect on the 
price of such shares;  
 
you will not take any action in connection with such shares with the express intention of affecting 
the price (including the value) of the shares (including having an intention to raise, depress, peg 
or stabilise the price of such shares) or of creating a false or misleading appearance of active 
trading in the shares of the Company; 
 
you are fully responsible for complying with, and will at all times fully comply with, all applicable 
laws and regulations in all applicable jurisdictions with regard to your Share Exposure (as defined 
below), including, without limitation, those obligations with regard to disclosure and reporting 
under all relevant laws and rules governing the listing of such shares in the Company, and, in 
entering into any transaction with respect to such shares (including purchasing the Securities), 
you will not breach any provisions of any applicable laws and regulations and exchange rules in 
all applicable jurisdictions;  
 
you will not attempt to, directly or indirectly, apply the Share Exposure to direct or cause the 
direction of the management and policies of the Company or otherwise influence the Company 
(which shall not, for the avoidance of doubt, prohibit the mere voting of any shares you hold); 
 
you are acting for your own account and you have made your own independent decision to 
purchase the Securities, including as to whether an investment in the Securities is appropriate or 
proper for you based upon your own due diligence and judgment and upon advice from such tax, 
accounting, regulatory, legal and financial advisers as you have deemed necessary, and not upon 
any view expressed by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer or any of their affiliates; and 
 
where you are not an individual you have not been, at all times beginning at least three months 
prior to the date of purchase by you of the Securities, and will not be, at all times up to, and 
including the date of the Notice and the date on which the shares are delivered to you (if 
applicable), an Affiliate of the Company (as such phrase is defined below). 
For the purpose of the above:  
"Share Exposure" means the ownership of any interest (beneficial or otherwise) in such shares of the 
Company, including any direct ownership interest, any right to vote or direct the voting of such shares, 
and any interest arising out of any transaction, contractual relationship or position (including but not 
limited to any derivative transaction) pursuant to which you are entitled to receive an economic benefit 
based on the value of the shares in the Company; and 
"Affiliate of the Company" means an entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more 
intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company. 
Representations relating to certain Securities issued by J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. 
In relation to the purchase (including as a transferee) by you of any Securities issued by JPMSP, you are 
deemed to represent to each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealer that you (and any ultimate 
purchaser) will, upon the written request of the applicable withholding agent, which may include the 
Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer or any intermediary through which the Securities

--- Page 893 ---
Purchaser Representations and Requirements and Transfer Restrictions 
 
887 
 
are held, promptly supply to the applicable withholding agent a properly completed IRS Form W-9, IRS 
Form W-8 or other documentation reasonably requested by the applicable withholding agent. 
Representations relating to certain Securities issued by JPMCB  
Where specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any investor 
that is tax resident in a country that does not have a tax treaty in place with the United States pursuant to 
which amounts payable under the Securities shall be exempt from U.S. withholding tax under the "other 
income" article or similar provision. You are deemed to represent to each of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) and the Dealer that, you (and any ultimate purchaser) will, upon request by, or on behalf of, 
the Issuer or an applicable withholding agent, furnish to the Issuer or applicable withholding agent, a 
properly completed IRS Form W-9 or, in the case of a person that is not a "United States person" as 
defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing 
an exemption from U.S. withholding tax on amounts payable under the Securities pursuant to the "other 
income" article or similar provision of an applicable treaty with the United States.

--- Page 894 ---
Certain ERISA Considerations 
 
888 
 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), imposes certain 
requirements on "employee benefit plans" (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA and subject to Title I of 
ERISA), including entities such as collective investment funds and separate accounts whose underlying 
assets include the assets of such plans and on those persons who are fiduciaries with respect to such 
plans. Investments by such plans are subject to ERISA's general fiduciary requirements, including the 
requirement of investment prudence and diversification and the requirement that such plan's investments 
be made in accordance with the documents governing such plan. The prudence of a particular investment 
must be determined by the responsible fiduciary of such plan by taking into account such plan's particular 
circumstances and all of the facts and circumstances of the investment including, but not limited to, the 
matters discussed above under "Risk Factors" and the fact that in the future there may be no market in 
which such fiduciary will be able to sell or otherwise dispose of the Securities. 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of employee benefit plans (as defined in 
Section 3(3) of ERISA and subject to Title I of ERISA) as well as those plans that are not subject to 
ERISA but which are defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, 
such as individual retirement accounts and entities part or all of the assets of which constitute assets of 
any such employee benefit plan or plan by reason of Department of Labor Regulation Section 2510.3-
101, Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise (collectively, "Plans") and certain persons (referred to as 
"parties in interest" or "disqualified persons") having certain relationships to such Plans, unless a 
statutory or administrative exemption is applicable to the transaction. A party in interest or disqualified 
person who engages in a prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and 
liabilities under ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code. 
U.S. Department of Labor regulation 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of 
ERISA (the "Plan Asset Regulations"), describes what constitutes the assets of a Plan with respect to 
the Plan's investment in an entity for purposes of certain provisions of ERISA and Section 4975 of the 
Code, including the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code. 
Under the Plan Asset Regulations, if a Plan invests in an "equity interest" of an entity that is neither a 
"publicly offered security" nor a security issued by an investment company registered under the 1940 
Act, the Plan's assets include both the equity interest and an undivided interest in each of the entity's 
underlying assets, unless it is established that the entity is an "operating company" or, as further discussed 
below, that equity participation in the entity by "benefit plan investors" is not "significant". 
Prohibited transactions within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code may 
arise if the Securities are acquired with the assets of a Plan with respect to which the relevant Issuer, the 
Dealer, the Arranger, the Guarantor (in relation to Securities issued by JPMSP), JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
or any of their respective affiliates, is a party in interest or a disqualified person. JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
and its affiliates are considered a party in interest or a disqualified person with respect to many Plans. 
Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA and Section 
4975 of the Code may be applicable, however, depending in part on the type of Plan fiduciary making 
the decision to acquire a Security and the circumstances under which such decision is made. Included 
among these exemptions are Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption ("PTCE") 91-38 (relating to 
investments by bank collective investment funds), PTCE 84-14 (relating to transactions effected by a 
"qualified professional asset manager"), PTCE 90-1 (relating to investments by insurance company 
pooled separate accounts), PTCE 95-60 (relating to investments by insurance company general 
accounts), and PTCE 96-23 (relating to transactions effected by in-house asset managers) (collectively, 
"Investor-Based Exemptions"). There is also a statutory exemption that may be available under Section 
408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code to a party in interest or disqualified person 
that is a service provider to a Plan investing in the Securities for adequate consideration, provided such 
service provider is not a fiduciary (or an affiliate of a fiduciary) who has or exercises any discretionary 
authority or control or renders investment advice with respect to the Plan's assets used to acquire the 
Securities (the "Service Provider Exemption"). Adequate consideration means fair market value as 
determined in good faith by the Plan fiduciary pursuant to regulations to be promulgated by the U.S. 
Department of Labor. There can be no assurance that any of these Investor-Based Exemptions or the 
Service Provider Exemption or any other administrative or statutory exemption will be available with 
respect to any particular transaction involving the Securities.

--- Page 895 ---
Certain ERISA Considerations 
 
889 
 
Governmental, certain church, non-U.S. and other plans, while not subject to the fiduciary responsibility 
or prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or the provisions of Section 4975 of the Code, may 
nevertheless be subject to state, local, federal or non-U.S. laws that are similar to the foregoing provisions 
of ERISA and the Code. Fiduciaries of any such plans should consult with their counsel before acquiring 
any Securities. 
The U.S. Supreme Court's decision, in John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Co. v. Harris Trust and 
Savings Bank, 510 U.S. 86 (1993) ("Harris Trust"), held that those funds allocated to the general 
account of an insurance company pursuant to a contract with an employee benefit plan that varies with 
the investment experience of the insurance company are "plan assets". The American Council of Life 
Insurance requested a prohibited transaction class exemption to counteract the effects of Harris Trust. In 
the preamble to the resulting Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption 95-60, 60 Fed. Reg. 35,925 (July 
12, 1995) ("PTCE 95-60"), the Department of Labor noted that for purposes of calculating the 25 per 
cent. threshold under the significant participation test of the Plan Asset Regulations, only the proportion 
of an insurance company general account's equity investment in the entity that represents plan assets 
should be taken into account. Furthermore, a change in the level of plan investment in a general account 
subsequent to the general account's acquisition of an equity interest in the entity would not, by itself, 
trigger a new determination of whether plan participation is significant. However, it is the Department 
of Labor's view that an acquisition by the general account of an additional equity interest in the entity 
subsequent to its initial investment or an acquisition of an equity interest in the entity by any investor 
subsequent to the general account's initial investment would require a new determination of significant 
plan participation. Although the Department of Labor has not specified how to determine the proportion 
of an insurance company general account that represents plan assets for purposes of the 25 per cent. 
threshold, they have, in the case of PTCE 95-60, provided a method for determining the percentage of 
an insurance company's general account held by the benefit plans of an employer and its affiliates by 
comparing the reserves and liabilities for the general account contracts held by such plans to the total 
reserves and liabilities of the general account (exclusive of separate account liabilities) plus surplus. 
However, there is no assurance that a similar measurement would be used for purposes of the 25 per cent. 
threshold. 
Any insurance company proposing to invest assets of its general account in Securities should consider 
the extent to which such investment would be subject to the requirements of Title I of ERISA and Section 
4975 of the Code in light of Harris Trust and the enactment of Section 401(c) of ERISA. In particular, 
such an insurance company should consider (i) the exemptive relief granted by the U.S. Department of 
Labor for transactions involving insurance company general accounts in PTCE 95-60 and (ii) if such 
exemptive relief is not available, whether its acquisition of Securities will be permissible under the final 
regulations issued under Section 401(c) of ERISA. The final regulations provide guidance on which 
assets held by an insurance company constitute "plan assets" for purposes of the fiduciary responsibility 
and prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code. The regulations do not 
exempt the assets of insurance company general accounts from treatment as "plan assets" to the extent 
they support certain participating annuities issued to Plans after 31 December 1998. 
Securities Issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  
The Plan Asset Regulations define an "equity interest" as any interest in an entity other than an instrument 
that is treated as indebtedness under applicable local law and which has no substantial equity features. 
As mentioned above, if a Plan invests in an "equity interest" of an entity, the Plan's assets include both 
the equity interest and an undivided interest in each of the entity's underlying assets, unless the entity is 
an "operating company". An operating company is an entity engaged, directly or indirectly, in business 
activities involving the manufacture or sale of a product or service other than investment of capital. If a 
Security issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is deemed to be an equity interest in the respective Issuer, 
an investment by a Plan in such equity interest should not result in such Plan having an undivided interest 
in either entity's assets because JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. should qualify as an operating company. In 
addition, a Security issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. may constitute a debt interest or a notional 
principal contract, depending on the relevant form and terms of such Security. Therefore, a Security 
issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. may be acquired by a Plan. Nevertheless, without regard to 
whether such Security is considered a debt or equity interest or a notional principal contract, prohibited 
transactions within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code may arise if such 
Security is acquired with the assets of a Plan with respect to which the relevant Issuer, or in certain 
circumstances, any of its respective affiliates, is a party in interest or a disqualified person. The Investor-

--- Page 896 ---
Certain ERISA Considerations 
 
890 
 
Based Exemptions or the Service Provider Exemption may be available to cover such prohibited 
transactions. 
By its acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition of any Security issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A., each acquirer and subsequent transferee thereof will be deemed to have represented and warranted, 
at the time of its acquisition and throughout the period it holds such Security, either that (a) it is neither 
a Plan nor a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan which is subject to any federal, state, local or 
non-U.S. law that is similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or 
(b) its acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition of such Security will not constitute or result in a 
non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, in the 
case of a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan, a non-exempt violation of any similar law). In 
addition, a Plan fiduciary relying on the Service Provider Exemption will be deemed to have represented 
and warranted at the time of the Plan's acquisition and throughout the period the Plan holds the Security 
that (x) the Plan fiduciary has made a good faith determination that the Plan is paying no more than, and 
is receiving no less than, adequate consideration in connection with the transaction and (y) none of 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any of its affiliates exercises discretionary authority or control or renders 
investment advice with respect to the assets of the Plan which the fiduciary is using to acquire the 
Security, both of which are necessary preconditions to utilising this exemption. Any acquirer that is a 
Plan is encouraged to consult with counsel regarding the application of the above representations and 
warranties. If any purported transfer of a Security issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., or any interest 
therein to an acquirer or transferee does not comply with the requirements specified in the applicable 
documents, the relevant Issuer may, at its discretion, cause such Security to be sold to an acquirer who 
meets the foregoing criteria or give notice to the transferee that such Security will be redeemed.  
Securities Issued by JPMSP 
Generally equity participation in an entity by "benefit plan investors" is "significant" and will cause the 
assets of the entity to be deemed the assets of an investing Plan (in the absence of another applicable 
Plan Asset Regulations exception) if 25 per cent. or more of the value of any class of equity interest in 
such entity is held by "benefit plan investors" (the "25 per cent. Limit"). Under Section 3(42) of ERISA, 
employee benefit plans that are not subject to Title I of ERISA and plans that are not subject to Section 
4975 of the Code, such as U.S. governmental plans and certain church plans or non-U.S. plans, are not 
considered "benefit plan investors". Therefore, the term "benefit plan investor" includes (a) an "employee 
benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(3) of Title I of ERISA) that is subject to the fiduciary 
responsibilities provisions of ERISA, (b) a "plan" as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code that is 
subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (c) any entity whose underlying assets include "plan assets" by 
reason of any such employee benefit plan's or plan's investment in the entity or (d) any other "benefit 
plan investor" as such term is defined in Section 3(42) of ERISA or any regulations promulgated by the 
U.S. Department of Labor thereunder (collectively, "Benefit Plan Investors"). For purposes of making 
the 25 per cent. determination, the value of any equity interests held by a person (other than a Benefit 
Plan Investor) who has discretionary authority or control with respect to the assets of the Issuer or any 
person who provides investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to the Issuer's assets, or 
any affiliate of such a person (a "Controlling Person"), shall be disregarded. Under the Plan Asset 
Regulations, an "affiliate" of a person includes any person, directly or indirectly through one or more 
intermediaries, controlling, controlled by or under common control with the person, and "control" with 
respect to a person, other than an individual, means the power to exercise a controlling influence over 
the management or policies of such person. 
The Securities issued by JPMSP may be considered to have substantial equity features under the Plan 
Asset Regulations and, accordingly, should not be acquired by any benefit plan investor other than an 
insurance company general account, provided that in the case of a Security issued by JPMSP, less than 
25 per cent. of the assets in such general account constitute "plan assets" (as defined in the Plan Asset 
Regulations) for purposes of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code. There are no assurances that any 
of the exceptions to the look-through rule (other than the exception for equity participation in an entity 
by Benefit Plan Investors that is less than 25 per cent.) applies to the investment by an investor in a 
Security issued by JPMSP. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that, despite the purchaser 
representations and requirements and transfer restrictions relating to acquisitions by Benefit Plan 
Investors and procedures to be employed to attempt to limit the ownership by Benefit Plan Investors in 
the Securities issued by JPMSP to less than 25 per cent. of each class of the Securities issued by JPMSP, 
Benefit Plan Investors will not in actuality own 25 per cent. or more of the value of any class of the 
Securities issued by JPMSP.

--- Page 897 ---
Certain ERISA Considerations 
 
891 
 
JPMSP Standard Restrictions 
Each acquirer and subsequent transferee of a Security issued by JPMSP will be deemed to have 
represented and warranted that (1) (A) it is not a Benefit Plan Investor or (B) (i) it is an insurance 
company acting on behalf of its general account, (ii) it is not a Controlling Person, (iii) as of the date it 
acquires and throughout the period it holds the Security, or any interest therein, less than 25 per cent. of 
the assets of such general account constitutes "plan assets" (as defined in 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, 
as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) for purposes of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code, (iv) it 
agrees that if, after its initial acquisition of the Security, or any interest therein, at any time during any 
month, 25 per cent. or more of the assets of such general account constitute "plan assets", then such 
insurance company shall, in a manner consistent with the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, dispose 
of the Security, or any interest therein, held in its general account by the end of the next following month, 
and (v) the acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition of the Security, or any interest therein, will 
not constitute or result in a prohibited transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code which is not 
covered under PTCE 95-60 or some other applicable exemption, and (2) if it is a governmental, church, 
non-U.S. or other plan which is subject to any federal, state, local or non-U.S. law similar to the provision 
of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, (A) it is not, and for so long as it holds such 
Security or interest therein will not be, subject to any federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other law or 
regulation that could cause the underlying assets of the Issuer to be treated as assets of the investor in 
any Security (or any interest therein) by virtue of its interest and thereby subject the Issuer or any person 
responsible for the investment and operation of the Issuer's assets to laws or regulations that are similar 
to the fiduciary responsibility or prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; 
and (B) its acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition of such Security will not constitute or result 
in a non-exempt violation under any such similar federal, state, local or non-U.S. law. Any acquirer that 
is a Plan is encouraged to consult with counsel regarding the application of the above representations and 
warranties. If any purported transfer of a Security issued by JPMSP or any interest therein, to an acquirer 
or transferee does not comply with the requirements of this paragraph, the Issuer may, at its discretion, 
cause such Security to be sold to an acquirer who meets the foregoing criteria or give notice to the 
transferee that such Security will be redeemed. (The foregoing are the "JPMSP Standard 
Restrictions".) 
JPMSP Special Restrictions 
Provided however, if JPMSP determines that a Security issued by JPMSP is not an equity interest for 
purposes of ERISA, each acquirer and subsequent transferee of a Security issued by JPMSP will be 
deemed to have represented and warranted that it shall not acquire, hold or subsequently dispose of such 
Security for, on behalf of, or with the assets of any Plan or any governmental, church, non-U.S. or other 
plan subject to any federal, state, local or non-U.S. law similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 
of the Code, unless such acquisition, holding and subsequent disposition of the Security will not 
constitute or result in any non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or under 
Section 4975 of the Code (or in the case of a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan, a non-exempt 
violation of any similar federal, state, local or non-U.S. law). Any fiduciary of a Plan acquiring a Security 
in reliance upon the statutory "service provider exemption" under Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA or 
Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code represents and warrants at the time of the Plan's acquisition and 
throughout the period the Plan holds the Security that (x) the Plan fiduciary has made a good faith 
determination that the Plan is paying no more than, and is receiving no less than, adequate consideration 
in connection with the transaction and (y) none of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any of its affiliates exercises 
discretionary authority or control or renders investment advice with respect to the assets of the Plan 
which the fiduciary is using to acquire the Security, both of which are necessary preconditions to utilising 
this exemption. Any acquirer that is a Plan is encouraged to consult with counsel regarding the 
application of the above representations and warranties. If any purported transfer of a Security issued by 
JPMSP or any interest therein, to an acquirer or transferee does not comply with the requirements of this 
paragraph, the Issuer may, at its discretion, cause such Security to be sold to an acquirer who meets the 
foregoing criteria or give notice to the transferee that such Security will be redeemed. (The foregoing are 
the "JPMSP Special Restrictions".) 
Other Considerations 
There can be no assurance that, despite the prohibitions relating to acquisitions by Benefit Plan Investors, 
that Benefit Plan Investors will not in actuality own 25 per cent. or more of a class of outstanding 
Securities issued by JPMSP. If for any reason the assets of JPMSP are deemed to be "plan assets" of a

--- Page 898 ---
Certain ERISA Considerations 
 
892 
 
Plan because the 25 per cent. Limit is exceeded, certain transactions that might be entered into by, or on 
behalf of, such Issuer in the ordinary course of its business might constitute non-exempt "prohibited 
transactions" under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code and might have to be rescinded 
at significant cost to the Issuer. In addition, an Issuer may be prevented from engaging in certain 
investments (as not being deemed consistent with the ERISA prudent investment standards) or engaging 
in certain transactions or fee arrangements because they might be deemed to cause non-exempt prohibited 
transactions. It also is not clear that Section 403(a) of ERISA, which generally requires that all of the 
assets of a Plan be held in trust and limits delegation of investment management responsibilities by 
fiduciaries of Plans, would be satisfied. In addition, it is unclear whether Section 404(b) of ERISA, which 
generally provides that no fiduciary may maintain the indicia of ownership of any assets of a plan outside 
the jurisdiction of the district courts of the United States, would be satisfied or any of the exceptions to 
the requirement set forth in 29 C.F.R. Section 2550.404b-1 would be available. 
THE PRECEDING DISCUSSION IS ONLY A SUMMARY OF CERTAIN OF THE ERISA AND 
OTHER IMPLICATIONS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES AND DOES NOT 
PURPORT TO BE COMPLETE. MOREOVER, THE MATTERS DISCUSSED ABOVE MAY BE 
AFFECTED BY FUTURE REGULATIONS, RULINGS AND COURT DECISIONS, SOME OF 
WHICH MAY HAVE RETROACTIVE APPLICATION AND EFFECT. POTENTIAL ACQUIRERS 
SHOULD CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN LEGAL AND OTHER ADVISORS PRIOR TO 
INVESTING TO DETERMINE THE ERISA IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH INVESTMENTS IN LIGHT 
OF SUCH POTENTIAL ACQUIRER'S CIRCUMSTANCES. 
THE SALE OF SECURITIES TO A PLAN IS IN NO RESPECT A REPRESENTATION BY THE 
ISSUERS, JPMSP, JPMORGAN CHASE & CO., JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., THE 
ARRANGER OR THE DEALER THAT THIS INVESTMENT MEETS ALL RELEVANT 
REQUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO INVESTMENTS BY PLANS GENERALLY OR ANY 
PARTICULAR PLAN OR THAT THIS INVESTMENT IS APPROPRIATE FOR PLANS 
GENERALLY OR ANY PARTICULAR PLAN.

--- Page 899 ---
Taxation 
 
893 
 
TAXATION 
Investors should be aware that the tax legislation of the country in which the investor is resident and 
of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the 
Securities.  
The tax overviews below address only certain aspects of the taxation of income from Securities in a 
limited number of jurisdictions and are included in this Base Prospectus solely for information purposes. 
These overviews cannot replace individual legal or tax advice, which is able to take into account the 
exact Issue Terms, or become a sole base for any investment decisions and/or assessment of any potential 
tax consequences thereof.  
Securities may have terms and conditions that result in tax consequences that differ from those described 
below.  
In order to facilitate the reading of the tax overviews and provide investors with an indication as to which 
country-specific tax overviews might be of particular interest to such investor, the introductory 
paragraph of each tax overview describes what the tax section relates to, for example, whether it applies 
to any Issuer of the Securities, the relevant jurisdiction in which an investor is resident and the relevant 
jurisdiction in which the Paying Agent is located. The introductory paragraphs are for information 
purposes only, in order to provide guidance in reading this section of the Base Prospectus and are not 
intended to be authoritative. Investors should evaluate independently which tax overviews might be 
relevant to them. In particular, investors should read the tax overview applicable to the relevant Issuer 
of the Securities, the tax overview for the relevant jurisdiction in which the investor is resident in and in 
all cases the U.S. tax overview. 
The tax overviews below assume there has been no substitution of the Issuer. 
INVESTORS IN THE SECURITIES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN ADVISERS AS 
TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSAL 
OF A SECURITY 
Republic of Ireland Taxation 
The following discussion is an overview of certain material Irish tax considerations relating to (i) 
Securities issued by any of the Issuers where the Holder is tax resident in Ireland or has a tax presence 
in Ireland or (ii) Securities where the Paying Agent or custodian is located in Ireland. 
The discussion is based on Irish law and the practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners in effect on 
the date of this Base Prospectus. The discussion relates only to the position of persons who are the 
absolute beneficial owners of their Securities (other than dealers in securities) and is for general 
information only. The discussion does not address other Irish tax aspects of acquiring, holding, 
disposing, abandoning, exercising or dealing in Securities. The discussion does not constitute taxation 
or legal advice. 
Securities issued to Irish Holders 
This section addresses the Irish tax treatment of Holders who are Irish tax resident ("Irish Resident 
Holders") who acquire or hold Securities issued by any of the Issuers. This section also addresses the 
Irish tax treatment of Holders who are not tax resident in Ireland but hold Securities issued by an Issuer 
as part of a trade carried on through an Irish branch or agency ("Irish Branch Holders" and, together 
with Irish Resident Holders, "Irish Holders"). 
Irish Withholding Tax 
Where Irish Resident Holders acquire or hold Securities and appoint an Irish collection agent, then Irish 
encashment tax (currently 25 per cent.) may be deducted by that collection agent. 
Irish Corporation Tax and Income Tax 
Irish Holders will generally be liable to Irish income tax or corporation tax in respect of income payable 
on Securities.

--- Page 900 ---
Taxation 
 
894 
 
Irish Holders who acquire Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. should consider whether the 
Irish tax regime relating to 'specified interest' or 'foreign deposit interest' (under section 267M of the 
Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland) could apply to such Securities. If the return constitutes 
'specified interest' or 'foreign deposit interest' for these purposes, the rate of tax specified in section 267M 
may apply to such return. 
Irish Capital Gains Taxation 
Irish Resident Holders of Securities will generally be liable to Irish capital gains taxation in respect of 
any capital gains arising on the disposal of Securities (assuming that Securities which are Notes constitute 
'debts on a security'). The Notes should be treated as 'debts on a security' if the value of the Notes can 
vary in accordance with market conditions so that a holder of the Notes could make a profit on their 
disposal. 
Irish Branch Holders are generally subject to Irish capital gains taxation on the disposal of Irish situate 
assets which are (or were) used for the purposes of their Irish trade. Once the Securities do not become 
Irish situate assets and are not used for the purposes of an Irish trade, Irish Branch Holders should not 
become subject to Irish capital gains taxation on the disposal of Securities. 
Irish Stamp Duty 
Where Securities constitute 'marketable securities', no Irish stamp duty should apply on the transfer of 
such Securities once the transfer does not relate to (a) Irish land or rights or interests in Irish land, or (b) 
any stocks or marketable securities of an Irish incorporated company (other than a regulated Irish 
investment fund or a 'qualifying company' within the meaning of section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation 
Act 1997 of Ireland). 'Marketable securities' means securities of such a description as to be capable of 
being sold in any Irish stock market. 
Alternatively, if the capital raised by the issue of the Securities has the character of borrowed money but 
are not 'marketable securities', no Irish stamp duty should arise once: 
(a) 
the Securities do not carry any rights of conversion into stocks or marketable securities (other 
than loan capital) of a company having a register in Ireland or into loan capital having such a 
right; 
(b) 
the Securities do not carry rights of the same kind as shares in the capital of a company 
(including rights such as voting rights, a share in the profits or a share in the surplus on 
liquidation); 
(c) 
the Securities are not issued for a price which is less than 90 per cent. of their nominal value; 
and 
(d) 
the Securities do not carry a right to a sum in respect of repayment or interest which is related 
to certain movements in an index or indices (based wholly or partly and directly or indirectly 
on stocks or marketable securities) specified in any instrument or other document relating to the 
Securities. 
Irish Gift / Inheritance Tax 
Irish Resident Holders will generally be subject to Irish capital acquisitions taxation on any gift or 
inheritance of Securities which they receive. 
Securities where the Paying Agent or custodian is located in Ireland. 
Withholding Tax on Securities 
Payments made through a Paying Agent located in Ireland in respect of Securities may result in Irish 
withholding tax (in the form of encashment tax) being deducted. An exemption from this withholding 
tax can be claimed in advance by Holders who are not tax resident in Ireland and an exemption also 
applies for Holders who are within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the relevant interest 
payment. The appointment of an Irish custodian through which Securities are held could result in various 
Irish tax issues if an Irish situate asset arises by virtue of that arrangement.

--- Page 901 ---
Taxation 
 
895 
 
The Netherlands Taxation 
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Dutch tax considerations relating to (i) 
Securities issued by JPMSP, (ii) Securities issued by any of the Issuers where the Holder is tax resident 
in The Netherlands or has a tax presence in The Netherlands, or (iii) Securities held through a Paying 
Agent or custodian located in The Netherlands.  
This summary is based on the laws and practice in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which changes could be 
made with retroactive effect. This summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the 
tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of a Security, and does 
not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which 
may be subject to special rules. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below it is assumed that no 
Holder, being an individual or a non-resident entity, has or will have a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk 
belang), or - in the case of a Holder being an entity - a deemed substantial interest, in the Issuer and that 
no connected person (verbonden persoon) to the Holder has or will have a substantial interest in the 
Issuer.  
With respect to Securities for which it is specified that physical settlement of shares of a company is 
applicable, it is furthermore assumed that (i) no Holder being a Dutch resident individual has or will have 
a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or a deemed substantial interest in such company and that no 
connected person (verbonden persoon) to such Holder has or will have a substantial interest in such 
company and (ii) where such company is a Dutch resident company no Holder being a non-resident 
individual or entity has or will have a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or a deemed substantial 
interest in such company and that no connected person (verbonden persoon) to such Holder being an 
individual has or will have a substantial interest in such company. 
Generally speaking, individuals have a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) in a company if (a) 
such individuals, either alone or together with their partner, directly or indirectly have, or are deemed to 
have or (b) certain relatives of such individuals or their partners directly or indirectly have or are deemed 
to have (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares representing 
5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of the company or the issued and 
outstanding capital of any class of shares of the company, or (ii) the ownership of, or certain rights over, 
profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the annual profit 
or the liquidation proceeds of the company. Generally, an individual has a deemed substantial interest in 
a company if (i) such individual or such individual's predecessor has disposed of or is deemed to have 
disposed of all or part of a substantial interest or (ii) such individual has transferred an enterprise in 
exchange for shares in such company, in each case, on a non-recognition basis. 
Generally speaking, a non-resident entity has a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) in a company 
if such entity, directly or indirectly has (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain 
rights over, shares representing 5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of 
the company or the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares of the company, or (ii) the 
ownership of, or certain rights over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per 
cent. or more of either the annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of the company. Generally, an entity 
has a deemed substantial interest in a company if such entity has disposed of or is deemed to have 
disposed of all or part of a substantial interest on a non-recognition basis. 
This summary does not address the Dutch tax consequences for a Holder who is an affiliated (gelieerde) 
entity of JPMSP within the meaning of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
Generally, a Holder is regarded as 'affiliated' for these purposes if such Holder, whether alone or together 
with related parties or as part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep), can exercise decisive 
influence over JPMSP's activities (or if JPMSP can, either alone or together with related parties or as 
part of a collaborating group, exercise such influence over the activities of such Holder, or if there is a 
third party, either alone or together with related parties or as part of a collaborating group, that can 
exercise such control over both JPMSP and such Holder). 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below, the term "entity" means 
a corporation as well as any other person that is taxable as a corporation for Dutch corporate tax purposes.

--- Page 902 ---
Taxation 
 
896 
 
Where this summary refers to a Holder, such reference is restricted to an individual or entity holding 
legal title to as well as an economic interest in Securities or otherwise being regarded as owning 
Securities for Dutch tax purposes. It is noted that for purposes of Dutch income, corporate, gift and 
inheritance tax, assets legally owned by a third party such as a trustee, foundation or similar entity, may 
be treated as assets owned by the (deemed) settlor, grantor or similar originator or the beneficiaries in 
proportion to their interest in such arrangement. 
Where the overview refers to "The Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the European part of the 
Kingdom of the Netherlands. 
Withholding Taxes 
Securities issued by JPMSP 
All payments by JPMSP under the Securities can be made without withholding or deduction of any taxes 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by The Netherlands or any political subdivision 
or taxing authority thereof or therein, unless the Securities qualify as debt effectively functioning as 
equity within the meaning of article 10, paragraph 1, sub-paragraph (d) of the Corporate Tax Act 1969 
(Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969). According to Supreme Court case law, the Securities 
effectively function as equity if (a) the Securities are subordinated to all other non-subordinated creditors 
of the Issuer, (b) the Securities do not have a fixed maturity or have a maturity of more than 50 years, 
and (c) payments under the Securities are entirely or almost entirely dependent on the Issuer's profits. 
Securities issued by Issuers other than JPMSP whether or not the Paying Agent or Custodian is located 
in The Netherlands 
All payments by Issuers other than JPMSP under the Securities, to the extent these payments are not 
attributable to a permanent establishment in the Netherlands and whether or not through a Paying Agent 
or custodian in The Netherlands, can be made without withholding or deduction of any taxes of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by The Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
This section applies to Securities issued by JPMSP as well as Securities issued by Issuers other than 
JPMSP, whether or not the Paying Agent or Custodian is located in The Netherlands. 
Resident entities 
A Holder which is an entity and is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch corporate 
tax purposes and is not tax exempt, will generally be subject to Dutch corporate tax in respect of income 
or a capital gain derived from a Security at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 25.8 per cent. in 2024). 
Resident individuals 
A Holder who is an individual and is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch income 
tax purposes will be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of income or a capital gain derived from a 
Security at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 49.5 per cent. in 2024) if: 
(a) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise from which the Holder derives profits 
(other than as a shareholder); or 
(b) 
the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous activities (belastbaar 
resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) as defined in the Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active 
asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (a) nor (b) applies, the individual will generally be subject to Dutch income tax on 
the basis of a deemed return, regardless of any actual income or capital gain derived from a Security. For 
the fiscal year 2024, separate deemed return percentages for savings, debts and investments apply, 6.04 
per cent. for the category investments (including the Securities) as at the beginning of the relevant fiscal 
year. The applicable percentages will be updated annually on the basis of historic market yields. Subject

--- Page 903 ---
Taxation 
 
897 
 
to certain anti-abuse provisions, the product of an amount equal to (a) the total deemed return divided by 
the sum of savings, debts and investments and (b) the sum of savings, debts and investments minus a 
tax-free allowance, forms the individual's taxable income from savings and investments (including the 
Securities) for 2024 and will be taxed at the prevailing statutory rate (36 per cent. in 2024). 
Non-resident entities or individuals 
A Holder which is not and is not deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the relevant tax purposes 
will not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or a capital gain derived from a Security, unless: 
(a) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either 
effectively managed in The Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste 
inrichting) or a permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) taxable in The Netherlands 
and the Holder derives profits from such enterprise (other than by way of the holding of 
securities); or 
(b) 
the Holder is an individual and the income or capital gain qualifies as income from 
miscellaneous activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in The Netherlands 
as defined in the Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without 
limitation, activities that exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, actief 
vermogensbeheer). 
Stamp/Transfer Taxes 
This section applies to Securities issued by JPMSP as well as Securities issued by Issuers other than 
JPMSP 
The subscription, issue, placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of a Security will not be subject to 
stamp tax, transfer tax or any other similar tax or duty payable in The Netherlands. 
Gift and Inheritance Taxes 
This section applies to Securities issued by JPMSP as well as Securities issued by Issuers other than 
JPMSP 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of a Security by way of 
gift by, or on the death of, a Holder, unless: 
(a) 
the Holder is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or 
(b) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions.  
United States Federal Income Taxation  
THE SUMMARY OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES SET OUT BELOW IS 
FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY. INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX 
ADVISERS AS TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF OWNING THE 
SECURITIES, THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. AND 
OTHER TAX LAWS AND POSSIBLE CHANGES IN TAX LAW. 
General 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to the 
purchase, ownership and disposition of Securities. This summary does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to the acquisition, 
ownership or disposition of Securities by any particular investor, including tax consequences that arise 
from rules of general application to all taxpayers or to certain classes of taxpayers or that are generally 
believed to be known by investors. For example, this summary does not address tax considerations 
applicable to (i) persons that may be subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws,

--- Page 904 ---
Taxation 
 
898 
 
such as financial institutions, insurance companies, investors liable for the alternative minimum tax, 
individual retirement accounts and other tax-deferred accounts, tax-exempt organisations, and dealers in 
securities or currencies, (ii) investors that will hold Securities as part of a straddle, hedging, conversion 
or other integrated investment transaction or a constructive sale for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
(iii) U.S. Holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, (iv) Non-U.S. 
Holders (as defined below) who recognise gain in respect of a Security in a taxable year in which the 
Non-U.S. Holder is present in the United States for 183 days or more, (v) persons that do not hold the 
Securities as capital assets, (vi) investors that own or are treated as owning (directly or indirectly) 10 per 
cent. or more, by vote or value, of the stock of the relevant Issuer or (vii) except where the context 
indicates otherwise, persons that did not purchase the Securities in the initial offering.  
This summary does not address the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of every type of 
Security which may be issued under the Programme, and the relevant Issue Terms may contain additional 
or modified disclosure concerning the material U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to such 
type of Security as appropriate. This summary also does not address the considerations that may be 
applicable to holders of equity or other interests in an owner of a Security. 
This summary is based on the Code, U.S. Department of the Treasury ("U.S. Treasury") regulations 
promulgated thereunder and judicial and administrative interpretations thereof, in each case as in effect 
and available on the date hereof. Changes to any of the foregoing could affect the tax consequences 
described below, possibly with retroactive effect. Further, this summary does not describe any tax 
consequences arising out of the tax laws of any U.S. state or local or non-U.S. jurisdiction, or any U.S. 
federal taxes other than income taxes and, to a limited extent, estate taxes. This summary does not address 
alternative minimum tax consequences and discusses to a limited extent, the Medicare tax on investment 
income. Prospective purchasers of Securities should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal, 
state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of owning Securities in light of their own particular 
circumstances. 
The Securities are complex derivative instruments the relevant terms and conditions for which may vary 
materially among different Series of Securities. There is limited U.S. federal income tax authority directly 
applicable to the Securities and such authority may not directly address Securities with terms 
substantially similar to those of a particular Security. Accordingly, the proper characterisation for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes of the Securities may be unclear under current law. The timing and character 
of income recognised by an investor for U.S. federal income tax purposes may be uncertain and also may 
vary depending on the precise terms of a Security. No rulings will be sought from the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service (the "IRS") regarding the characterisation of any of the Securities issued hereunder for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the IRS or a court might not agree with the treatments described 
below. Accordingly, each prospective purchaser is urged to consult its own tax advisor regarding all 
aspects of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of acquiring, holding or disposing of Securities. 
As used herein, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of Securities that is for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes (i) a citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation, or other entity treated 
as a corporation, created or organised under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision 
thereof, (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax without regard to its 
source or (iv) a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the 
administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial 
decisions of the trust, or the trust has elected to be treated as a domestic trust for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
The term "Non-U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of Securities that is neither a U.S. Holder nor a 
partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in 
a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes that holds Securities will depend on the status of the 
partner and the activities of the partnership. Investors that are partnerships (or other entities properly 
treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes) and partners in such partnerships should 
consult their tax adviser concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of Securities by the partnership.  
An accrual method taxpayer may be required to recognise income for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
no later than the taxable year in which such income is taken into account on its applicable financial 
statements. This rule could potentially require such a taxpayer to recognise income for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes prior to the time such income otherwise would be recognised pursuant to the rules

--- Page 905 ---
Taxation 
 
899 
 
described below. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding the potential applicability 
of these rules to their investment in the Securities. 
Depending on their terms, Securities of a particular Series or Tranche may be characterised as debt for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, notwithstanding that the form of the Securities may be something other 
than debt, e.g., Warrants or Certificates. For the U.S. federal income tax treatment of such a security, see 
"—U.S. Federal Income Tax treatment of Securities Treated as Debt" below. Conversely, a Security in 
the form of a Note may be characterised as something other than debt for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. For the U.S. tax treatment of such a Security, see "—U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of 
Securities Treated as other than Debt" below. A Security may be characterised as debt for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes if the relevant Issuer is legally obliged to pay unconditionally amounts at least equal 
to, or substantially equal to, the investor's principal amount invested (or, possibly, if the likelihood that 
such an amount will not be repaid is remote). Under the relevant authorities, the determination of whether 
an instrument is properly characterised as debt is made on the basis of all the facts and circumstances. 
The courts and the IRS have identified a number of factors as relevant to such a determination. However, 
these authorities generally have concluded that no one factor is controlling for purposes of determining 
whether an instrument is properly characterised as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Rather, 
they typically weigh the various factors to determine whether, on balance, the debt features of an 
instrument predominate. As a result, even in those instances, alternative characterisations are possible. 
Securities characterised as other than debt may, depending on their precise terms, properly be 
characterised as options or collateralised options written or held by the U.S. Holder, pre-paid forward 
contracts, or other pre-paid derivative contracts. If a Security provides for interim payments, the Security 
may instead be characterised as a notional principal contract, a pre-paid derivative contract with 
contingent coupons, or a unit comprised of a pre-paid derivative and a separate interest-bearing deposit 
that collateralises a U.S. Holder's obligations under that derivative. In either case, alternative 
characterisations are also possible. 
Under one alternative characterisation, the IRS may treat an investor as the beneficial owner of an 
underlying security for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In the case of a Security that references an 
entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, an investor could be deemed to own 
an interest in such partnership. Where the partnership is engaged in a U.S. trade or business, a Non-U.S. 
Holder could be subject to U.S. federal and state tax return filing and payment obligations on account of 
the activities of the partnership, including in the case of certain Non-U.S. Holders, a branch profits tax. 
A Non-U.S. Holder may also be subject to a 10% withholding tax on a portion of the amount realised on 
a sale, exchange or redemption of a Security. Investors should consult their tax advisors as to the possible 
characterisations of a Security and the consequences arising therefrom.  
For a Series or a Tranche of Securities that is not properly treated as debt, investors should be aware that 
the IRS issued a notice requesting comments from the public with respect to issues in connection with 
prepaid forward contracts and similar derivatives. Among other things, the notice states that the IRS is 
considering whether parties to such transactions should be required to accrue income/expense over the 
term of such instruments and that consideration is also being given to the source of such income. A bill 
was also introduced in Congress to require beneficial owners of prepaid derivative contracts acquired 
after the enactment of the bill to accrue interest currently over the term of such instrument 
notwithstanding that the instrument does not bear interest and is not treated as debt for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. It is not possible to determine what guidance will ultimately be issued, if any. It is 
possible, however, that under such guidance, U.S. Holders of the Securities will ultimately be required 
to accrue income currently and this could be applied on a retroactive basis. The IRS and the U.S. Treasury 
are also considering other relevant issues, including whether additional gain or loss from such 
instruments should be treated as ordinary or capital and whether the special "constructive ownership 
rules" of Section 1260 of the Code, which generally operate to recharacterise certain long-term capital 
gains as ordinary income and impose an interest charge, might be applied to such instruments. Further, 
future legislation, including legislation based on bills previously introduced in Congress, may tax all 
derivative instruments on a mark-to-market basis, requiring U.S. Holders of such derivative instruments 
to take into account annually gains and losses on such instruments as ordinary income. The adoption of 
such legislation or similar proposals may significantly impact the tax consequences from an investment 
in the Securities, including the timing and character of income and gain on the Securities. Investors 
should consult their tax advisor as to the tax consequences of possible alternative characterisations of the 
Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes and proposals to change the taxation of certain derivative 
instruments.

--- Page 906 ---
Taxation 
 
900 
 
Securities that reference a benchmark index are subject to certain fallback provisions in the event the 
relevant benchmark index becomes unavailable. For Securities that reference a benchmark index, it is 
possible that application of the fallback provisions or transition to a fallback rate may result in a deemed 
exchange of the Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In such case, a U.S. Holder may, among 
other consequences, be required to recognise taxable gain with respect to the deemed exchange of such 
Securities. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of holding 
Securities that reference a benchmark index. 
Taxation of Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Except as specifically limited or noted, the discussion under this section entitled "—Taxation of 
Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A." addresses Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. (the "U.S. Issuer").  
Taxation of U.S. Holders 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Amounts payable on, and the proceeds of a sale, redemption or other taxable disposition of, Securities 
may be subject to information reporting. Such amounts may also be subject to backup withholding if a 
U.S. Holder fails to provide certain identifying information (such as an accurate taxpayer identification 
number) or meets certain other conditions. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers as to their 
qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for obtaining an exemption. 
Amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not additional taxes and may be refunded or 
credited against a U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the relevant information is 
timely furnished to the IRS. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of 
information reporting and backup withholding to their particular situations, the availability of an 
exemption therefrom, and the procedure for obtaining an exemption, if available. 
U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of Securities Treated as Debt 
The following discussion applies to Securities that are properly treated as debt for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. The general discussion below is subject to special rules applicable to Variable Interest 
Rate Securities, Contingent Securities, Short-Term Securities, Foreign Currency Securities, and Foreign 
Currency Contingent Securities, as described below. 
Payments of Interest 
Interest on a Security, whether payable in U.S. dollars or a currency, composite currency or basket of 
currencies other than U.S. dollars (a "foreign currency"), other than interest on a "Discount Security" 
that is not "qualified stated interest" (each as defined below under "—Original Issue Discount") or on a 
"Contingent Security" (as defined below under "—Contingent Payment Debt Instruments"), will be 
taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary income at the time it is received or accrued, depending on the U.S. 
Holder's method of accounting for tax purposes. Interest paid by the U.S. Issuer on Securities and original 
issue discount ("OID"), if any, accrued with respect to Securities (as described below under "—Original 
Issue Discount") generally will constitute income from sources within the United States. 
Original Issue Discount 
The following is a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership of 
Securities issued with OID. 
A Security, other than a Security with a term of one year or less (a "Short-Term Security"), will be 
treated as issued with OID (a "Discount Security") if the excess of the Security's "stated redemption 
price at maturity" over its issue price equals or is more than a de minimis amount (0.25 per cent. of the 
Security's stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to its maturity). 
An obligation that provides for the payment of amounts other than qualified stated interest before 
maturity will be treated as a Discount Security if the excess of the Security's stated redemption price at 
maturity over its issue price is equal to or greater than 0.25 per cent. of the Security's stated redemption 
price at maturity multiplied by the weighted average maturity of the Security. A Security's weighted 
average maturity is the sum of the following amounts determined for each payment on a Security (other 
than a payment of qualified stated interest): (i) the number of complete years from the issue date until

--- Page 907 ---
Taxation 
 
901 
 
the payment is made multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the payment 
and the denominator of which is the Security's stated redemption price at maturity. Generally, the issue 
price of a Security will be the first price at which a substantial amount of Securities included in the issue 
of which the Security is a part is sold for cash to persons other than bond houses, brokers, or similar 
persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents, or wholesalers. The 
stated redemption price at maturity of a Security is the total of all payments provided by the Security that 
are not payments of "qualified stated interest". A qualified stated interest payment is generally any one 
of a series of stated interest payments on a Security that are unconditionally payable in cash or property, 
other than debt instruments of the issuer, at least annually at a single fixed rate (with certain exceptions 
for lower rates paid during some periods), or a variable rate (in the circumstances described below under 
"—Variable Interest Rate Securities"), applied to the outstanding principal amount of the Security. Solely 
for the purposes of determining the amount of OID, if any, on a Security, the U.S. Issuer generally will 
be deemed to exercise any option that has the effect of decreasing the yield on the Security, and the U.S. 
Holder generally will be deemed to exercise any option that has the effect of increasing the yield on the 
Security. 
A U.S. Holder of a Discount Security generally must accrue OID in gross income over the term of the 
Discount Security on a constant-yield basis, regardless of the U.S. Holder's regular method of tax 
accounting. As a result, a U.S. Holder may recognise taxable income in respect of a Discount Security 
before the receipt of the cash to which the income is attributable. The amount of OID includible in income 
by a U.S. Holder of a Discount Security is the sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the 
Discount Security for each day during the taxable year or portion of the taxable year in which the U.S. 
Holder holds the Discount Security ("accrued OID"). The daily portion is determined by allocating to 
each day in any "accrual period" a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period. Accrual 
periods with respect to a Security may be of any length selected by the U.S. Holder and may vary in 
length over the term of the Security as long as (i) no accrual period is longer than one year and (ii) each 
scheduled payment of interest or principal on the Security occurs on either the final or first day of an 
accrual period. The amount of OID allocable to an accrual period is equal to the excess of (a) the product 
of the Discount Security's adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period and the Discount 
Security's yield to maturity (determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period 
and properly adjusted for the length of the accrual period) over (b) the sum of the payments of qualified 
stated interest on the Security allocable to the accrual period. The "adjusted issue price" of a Discount 
Security at the beginning of any accrual period is the issue price of the Security increased by (x) the 
amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual period and decreased by (y) the amount of any payments 
previously made on the Security that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Each payment on a Discount Security, other than payments of qualified stated interest, generally will be 
viewed first as a payment of previously accrued OID to the extent thereof, with the payment attributed 
first to the earliest accrued OID, and then as a payment of principal. The Securities may have special 
redemption, repayment or interest rate reset features, as indicated in the relevant Issue Terms, that may 
affect whether a Security is a Discount Security and, if so, the proper timing of recognition of the OID 
by a U.S. Holder. Securities containing such features may be subject to special rules that differ from the 
general rules discussed herein. Accordingly, prospective purchasers of Securities with such features 
should consult their tax advisors regarding these special rules. 
Market Discount 
A Security, other than a Short-Term Security, Contingent Security or Foreign Currency Contingent 
Security, generally will be treated as purchased at a market discount (a "Market Discount Security") if 
the Security's stated redemption price at maturity or, in the case of a Discount Security, the Security's 
"revised issue price", exceeds the amount for which the U.S. Holder purchased the Security by at least 
0.25 per cent. of the Security's stated redemption price at maturity or revised issue price, respectively, 
multiplied by the number of complete years to the Security's maturity (or, in the case of a Security that 
provides for payments other than qualified stated interest, the Security's weighted average maturity) (the 
"de minimis threshold"). If this excess is not larger than the de minimis threshold, then the excess 
constitutes "de minimis market discount". For this purpose, the "revised issue price" of a Security 
generally is equal to its issue price, increased by the amount of any OID that has accrued on the Security 
and decreased by the amount of any payments previously made on the Security other than qualified stated 
interest payments.

--- Page 908 ---
Taxation 
 
902 
 
Any gain recognised by a U.S. Holder on the maturity or disposition of a Market Discount Security 
(including, for this purpose, the receipt of any payment on the Security that is not qualified stated interest) 
generally will be treated as ordinary income to the extent of the market discount that accrued on the 
Security while held by such U.S. Holder.  
Alternatively, a U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Security may elect to include market discount in 
income currently over the term of the Security. Such an election will apply to all debt instruments with 
market discount acquired by the electing U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to 
which the election applies, and may be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. Market discount will 
accrue on a straight-line basis unless the U.S. Holder elects to accrue the market discount on a constant-
yield method. A U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Security that does not elect to include market discount 
in income currently generally will be required to defer the deduction of a portion of the interest paid or 
accrued on indebtedness incurred or maintained to purchase or carry the Market Discount Security. 
Acquisition Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Discount Security for an amount less than or equal to the sum of all 
amounts payable on the Security after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, 
but in excess of its adjusted issue price (any such excess being "acquisition premium") and that does 
not make the election described below under "Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount", 
is permitted to reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction, the numerator of which is the excess of the 
U.S. Holder's adjusted basis in the Security immediately after its purchase over the Security's adjusted 
issue price, and the denominator of which is the excess of the sum of all amounts payable on the Security 
after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, over the Security's adjusted issue 
price. 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount 
A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Security using the 
constant yield method described above under "Original Issue Discount", with certain modifications. For 
purposes of this election, interest includes stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, market discount, de 
minimis market discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable bond premium or 
acquisition premium. This election generally will apply only to the Security with respect to which it is 
made and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. If the election to apply the constant-yield 
method to all interest on a Security is made with respect to a Market Discount Security, the electing U.S. 
Holder will be treated as having made the election discussed above under "Market Discount" to include 
market discount in income currently over the life of all debt instruments with market discount held or 
thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the 
propriety and consequences of this election. 
Variable Interest Rate Securities 
A Security that provides for interest at one or more variable rates may be treated as a "variable rate debt 
instrument" under U.S. Treasury regulations governing the accrual of OID (such a Security, a "Variable 
Interest Rate Security"). A Security may qualify as a Variable Interest Rate Security if (a) its issue price 
does not exceed the total non-contingent principal payments due under the Security by more than a 
specified de minimis amount, (b) it provides for stated interest, paid or compounded at least annually, at 
(i) one or more qualified floating rates, (ii) a single fixed rate and one or more qualified floating rates, 
(iii) a single objective rate, or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single objective rate that is a qualified inverse 
floating rate, and (c) it does not provide for any principal payments that are contingent (other than as 
described in (a) above). 
A "qualified floating rate" is any variable rate where variations in the value of the rate can reasonably 
be expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency 
in which the Security is denominated. A fixed multiple of a qualified floating rate will constitute a 
qualified floating rate only if the multiple is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35. A variable rate 
equal to the product of a qualified floating rate and a fixed multiple that is greater than 0.65 but not more 
than 1.35, increased or decreased by a fixed rate, will also constitute a qualified floating rate. In addition, 
two or more qualified floating rates that can reasonably be expected to have approximately the same 
values throughout the term of the Variable Interest Rate Security (e.g., two or more qualified floating 
rates with values within 25 basis points of each other as determined on the Variable Interest Rate

--- Page 909 ---
Taxation 
 
903 
 
Security's issue date) will be treated as a single qualified floating rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a 
variable rate that would otherwise constitute a qualified floating rate but which is subject to one or more 
restrictions such as a maximum numerical limitation (i.e., a cap) or a minimum numerical limitation (i.e., 
a floor) may, under certain circumstances, fail to be treated as a qualified floating rate unless the cap or 
floor is fixed throughout the term of the Variable Interest Rate Security. 
An "objective rate" is a rate that is not itself a qualified floating rate but which is determined using a 
single fixed formula and which is based on objective financial or economic information (e.g., one or 
more qualified floating rates or the yield of actively traded personal property). A rate will not qualify as 
an objective rate if it is based on information that is within the control of the U.S. Issuer (or a related 
party) or that is unique to the circumstances of the U.S. Issuer (or a related party), such as dividends, 
profits or the value of the U.S. Issuer's stock (although a rate does not fail to be an objective rate merely 
because it is based on the credit quality of the U.S. Issuer). Other variable interest rates may be treated 
as objective rates if so designated by the IRS in the future. Despite the foregoing, a variable rate of 
interest on a Variable Interest Rate Security will not constitute an objective rate if it is reasonably 
expected that the average value of the rate during the first half of the Variable Interest Rate Security's 
term will be either significantly less than or significantly greater than the average value of the rate during 
the final half of the Variable Interest Rate Security's term.  
A "qualified inverse floating rate" is any objective rate where the rate is equal to a fixed rate minus a 
qualified floating rate, as long as variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect 
contemporaneous variations in the qualified floating rate. If a Variable Interest Rate Security provides 
for stated interest at a fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less followed by a variable rate that 
is either a qualified floating rate or an objective rate for a subsequent period and if the variable rate on 
the Variable Interest Rate Security's issue date is intended to approximate the fixed rate (e.g., the value 
of the variable rate on the issue date does not differ from the value of the fixed rate by more than 25 basis 
points), then the fixed rate and the variable rate together will constitute either a single qualified floating 
rate or objective rate, as the case may be. 
A qualified floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the instrument must be 
set at a "current value" of that rate. A "current value" of a rate is the value of the rate on any day that is 
no earlier than three months prior to the first day on which that value is in effect and no later than one 
year following that first day. 
If a Variable Interest Rate Security provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate or 
a single objective rate throughout the term thereof, then any stated interest on the Variable Interest Rate 
Security which is unconditionally payable in cash or property (other than debt instruments of the U.S. 
Issuer) at least annually will constitute qualified stated interest and will be taxed accordingly. Thus, a 
Variable Interest Rate Security that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate or 
a single objective rate throughout the term thereof generally will not be treated as having been issued 
with OID unless the Variable Interest Rate Security is issued at a "true" discount (i.e., at a price below 
the Variable Interest Rate Security's stated principal amount) in excess of a specified de minimis amount. 
OID on a Variable Interest Rate Security arising from "true" discount is allocated to an accrual period 
using the constant yield method described above by assuming that the variable rate is a fixed rate equal 
to (i) in the case of a qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, the value, as of the issue 
date, of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, or (ii) in the case of an objective rate 
(other than a qualified inverse floating rate), a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected 
for the Variable Interest Rate Security. 
In general, any other Variable Interest Rate Security will be converted into an "equivalent" fixed rate 
debt instrument for the purposes of determining the amount and accrual of OID and qualified stated 
interest on the Variable Interest Rate Security. Such a Variable Interest Rate Security must be converted 
into an "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument by substituting any qualified floating rate or qualified 
inverse floating rate provided for under the terms of the Variable Interest Rate Security with a fixed rate 
equal to the value of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, as the case may be, as 
of the Variable Interest Rate Security's issue date. Any objective rate (other than a qualified inverse 
floating rate) provided for under the terms of the Variable Interest Rate Security is converted into a fixed 
rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the Variable Interest Rate Security. In the case 
of a Variable Interest Rate Security that provides for stated interest at a fixed rate in addition to either 
one or more qualified floating rates or a qualified inverse floating rate, the fixed rate is initially converted 
into a qualified floating rate (or a qualified inverse floating rate, if the Variable Interest Rate Security

--- Page 910 ---
Taxation 
 
904 
 
provides for a qualified inverse floating rate). Under these circumstances, the qualified floating rate or 
qualified inverse floating rate that replaces the fixed rate must be such that the fair market value of the 
Variable Interest Rate Security as of the Variable Interest Rate Security's issue date is approximately the 
same as the fair market value of an otherwise identical debt instrument that provides for either the 
qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate rather than the fixed rate. Subsequent to 
converting the fixed rate into either a qualified floating rate or a qualified inverse floating rate, the 
Variable Interest Rate Security is converted into an "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument in the manner 
described above. 
Once the Variable Interest Rate Security is converted into an "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument 
pursuant to the foregoing rules, the amount of OID and qualified stated interest, if any, are determined 
for the "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument by applying the general OID rules to the "equivalent" 
fixed rate debt instrument and a U.S. Holder of the Variable Interest Rate Security will account for the 
OID and qualified stated interest as if the U.S. Holder held the "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument. 
In each accrual period, appropriate adjustments will be made to the amount of qualified stated interest or 
OID assumed to have been accrued or paid with respect to the "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument in 
the event that these amounts differ from the actual amount of interest accrued or paid on the Variable 
Interest Rate Security during the accrual period. 
If a Security that provides for interest at one or more variable rates does not qualify as a Variable Interest 
Rate Security, then the Security could be treated as a contingent payment debt obligation provided that 
the Security is properly treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See "—Contingent Payment 
Debt Instruments" below for a discussion of the U.S. federal income tax treatment of such Securities. In 
addition, a U.S. Holder of certain Securities that do not qualify as Variable Interest Rate Securities and 
that are subject to an alternative payment schedule or schedules applicable upon the occurrence of a 
contingency or contingencies may be required to determine the yield and maturity of the Securities 
assuming that the payments will be made according to the payment schedule that is most likely to occur 
if the timing and amounts of the payments that comprise each schedule are known as of the issue date, 
and one of such schedules is significantly more likely than not to occur. 
Short-Term Securities 
In general, an individual or other cash basis U.S. Holder of a Short-Term Security is not required to 
accrue OID (as specially defined below for the purposes of this paragraph) for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes unless it elects to do so, but may be required to include any stated interest in income as the 
interest is received. An accrual basis U.S. Holder and certain other U.S. Holders are required to accrue 
OID on Short-Term Securities on a straight-line basis or, if the U.S. Holder so elects, under the constant-
yield method (based on daily compounding). In the case of a U.S. Holder not required and not electing 
to include OID in income currently, any gain realised on the sale or retirement of the Short-Term Security 
will be ordinary income to the extent of the OID accrued on a straight-line basis (unless an election is 
made to accrue the OID under the constant-yield method) through the date of sale or retirement. A U.S. 
Holder who is not required and does not elect to accrue OID on Short-Term Securities will be required 
to defer deductions for interest on borrowings allocable to Short-Term Securities in an amount not 
exceeding the deferred income until the deferred income is realised. 
For purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, all interest payments on a Short- 
Term Security are included in the Short-Term Security's stated redemption price at maturity. A U.S. 
Holder may elect to determine OID on a Short-Term Security as if the Short-Term Security had been 
originally issued to the U.S. Holder at the U.S. Holder's purchase price for the Short-Term Security. This 
election shall apply to all obligations with a maturity of one year or less acquired by the U.S. Holder on 
or after the first day of the first taxable year to which the election applies, and may not be revoked without 
the consent of the IRS. 
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
Certain Series or Tranches of Securities that provide for certain contingencies that affect the timing and 
amount of payments, including Securities with a variable rate or rates that do not qualify as Variable 
Interest Rate Securities as described above, may be treated as contingent payment debt instruments 
("Contingent Securities"), as opposed to Variable Interest Rate Securities, for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. Under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, interest on the Contingent Securities is treated as 
OID. The U.S. Holder must accrue OID on a constant-yield basis using (i) a yield to maturity that reflects

--- Page 911 ---
Taxation 
 
905 
 
the rate at which the U.S. Issuer would issue a comparable fixed-rate instrument with no contingent 
payments but with terms and conditions otherwise similar to the Contingent Security (the "comparable 
yield") and (ii) a projected payment schedule determined by the U.S. Issuer at the time the Contingent 
Security is issued (the "projected payment schedule"). This projected payment schedule must include 
each non-contingent payment on the Contingent Security and an estimated amount for each contingent 
payment, and must produce the comparable yield. Interest inclusions will be adjusted upward and 
downward to reflect the difference, if any, between the actual payments received and the projected 
amount of such payments on the Contingent Securities under the projected payment schedule. Special 
rules apply to the sale or other disposition of a Contingent Security. See "—Sale, Retirement or Other 
Taxable Disposition of Securities" below. 
The U.S. Issuer generally is required to provide to Holders, solely for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
a schedule of the projected amounts of payments on Contingent Securities. A U.S. Holder of a Contingent 
Security may submit a written request for the schedule to the attention of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at 
383 Madison Avenue, 5th Floor, New York, New York 10179, United States of America, or such other 
address as may be provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
THE COMPARABLE YIELD AND PROJECTED PAYMENT SCHEDULE WILL NOT BE 
DETERMINED FOR ANY PURPOSE OTHER THAN FOR THE DETERMINATION OF INTEREST 
ACCRUALS AND ADJUSTMENTS THEREOF IN RESPECT OF CONTINGENT SECURITIES FOR 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES AND WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A 
PROJECTION OR REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE ACTUAL AMOUNTS PAYABLE TO 
THE HOLDERS OF THE SECURITIES. 
A U.S. Holder generally will be bound by the comparable yield and the projected payment schedule 
determined by the U.S. Issuer unless the U.S. Holder determines its own comparable yield and projected 
payment schedule and explicitly discloses such schedule to the IRS, and explains to the IRS the reason 
for preparing its own schedule. The U.S. Issuer's determination, however, is not binding on the IRS, and 
it is possible that the IRS could conclude that some other comparable yield or projected payment schedule 
should be used instead. 
A U.S. Holder of a Contingent Security generally will be required to include in income the sum of the 
daily portions of OID with respect to the Contingent Security for each day during the taxable year or 
portion of the taxable year in which the U.S. Holder holds the Contingent Security, generally as described 
above in "—Original Issue Discount" above. For these purposes, the "adjusted issue price" of a 
Contingent Security at the beginning of any accrual period is the issue price of the Contingent Security 
increased by the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual period, and decreased by the projected 
amount of any payments made on the Contingent Security. No additional income will be recognised upon 
the receipt of payments of stated interest in amounts equal to the annual payments included in the 
projected payment schedule described above. Any net differences between actual payments received by 
the U.S. Holder on the Contingent Security in a taxable year and the projected amounts of those payments 
will be accounted for as additional interest (in the case of a net positive adjustment) or as an offset to 
interest income in respect of the Security (in the case of a net negative adjustment), for that taxable year. 
If the net negative adjustment for a taxable year exceeds the amount of interest on the Contingent Security 
for that year, the excess will be treated as an ordinary loss in that year, but only to the extent the U.S. 
Holder's total interest inclusions on the Contingent Security exceed the total amount of any ordinary loss 
in respect of the Contingent Security claimed by the U.S. Holder under this rule in prior taxable years. 
Any net negative adjustment that is not allowed as an ordinary loss for the taxable year is carried forward 
to the next taxable year, and is taken into account in determining whether the U.S. Holder has a net 
positive or negative adjustment for that year. Any net negative adjustment that is carried forward to a 
taxable year in which the U.S. Holder sells or taxably disposes of the Contingent Security reduces the 
U.S. Holder's amount realised on the sale or other taxable disposition. 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Contingent Security for an amount that differs from the Security's adjusted 
issue price at the time of the purchase, such U.S. Holder must determine the extent to which the difference 
between the price it paid for the Security and the adjusted issue price of the Security is attributable to a 
change in expectations as to the projected payment schedule, a change in interest rates, or both, and 
reasonably allocate the difference accordingly. A safe-harbour may apply to permit the allocation of this 
difference pro-rata to OID accruals if the Contingent Security is exchange listed property, as defined in 
applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations.

--- Page 912 ---
Taxation 
 
906 
 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Contingent Security for an amount that is less than the adjusted issue price 
of the Security, the amount of the difference allocated to a daily portion of OID or to a projected payment 
is treated as a positive adjustment to such U.S. Holder's income inclusion on the date the OID accrues or 
the payment is made. If a U.S. Holder purchases a Contingent Security for an amount that is more than 
the adjusted issue price of the Security, the amount of the difference allocated to a daily portion of OID 
or to a projected payment is treated as a negative adjustment to such U.S. Holder's income inclusion on 
the date the OID accrues or the payment is made. 
Because any Form 1099-OID that a U.S. Holder receives will not reflect the effects of positive or negative 
adjustments resulting from its purchase of a Contingent Security at a price other than the adjusted issue 
price as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. Holders are urged to consult with their 
tax advisors as to whether and how adjustments should be made to the amounts reported on any Form 
1099-OID. 
Special rules may apply if all the remaining payments on a Contingent Security become fixed 
substantially contemporaneously. For this purpose, payments will be treated as fixed if the remaining 
contingencies with respect to them are remote or incidental. Under these rules, a U.S. Holder would be 
required to account for the difference between the original projected payments and the fixed payments 
in a reasonable manner over the period to which the difference relates. In addition, a U.S. Holder would 
be required to make adjustments to, among other things, its accrual periods and its tax basis in the 
Contingent Security. The character of any gain or loss on a sale or other taxable disposition of the 
Contingent Security also might be affected. If one or more (but not all) contingent payments on a 
Contingent Security became fixed more than six months prior to the relevant payment date(s), a U.S. 
Holder would be required to account for the difference between the original projected payment(s) and 
the fixed payment(s) on a present value basis. Prospective purchasers of Contingent Securities should 
consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these rules.  
Foreign Currency Securities Other than Foreign Currency Contingent Securities 
If payments of qualified stated interest are made in respect of a Security that is denominated in a single 
currency other than the U.S. dollar (for purposes of this discussion, a "foreign currency"), the amount 
of interest income realised by a U.S. Holder that uses the cash method of tax accounting (a cash-method 
holder) will be the U.S. dollar value of the interest payment based on the spot rate of exchange on the 
date of receipt regardless of whether the payment in fact is converted into U.S. dollars. No foreign 
currency gain or loss should be recognised by a cash-method holder with respect to the receipt of such 
payment (other than foreign currency gain or loss realised on the disposition of the currency received). 
In the case of a Security that provides for payments in U.S. dollars determined by reference to a single 
foreign currency, a cash-method holder generally should recognise interest income on the Security in an 
amount equal to the U.S. dollars received. Both types of Securities are referred to herein as "Foreign 
Currency Securities". 
A U.S. Holder that uses the accrual method of tax accounting (an accrual-method holder) will accrue 
interest income (other than OID) on a Foreign Currency Security in the relevant foreign currency. In the 
case of a Foreign Currency Security (other than a Foreign Currency Contingent Security) that is also a 
Discount Security, a U.S. Holder should determine the U.S. dollar amount includible in income as OID 
for each accrual period by calculating the amount of OID allocable to that accrual period in the relevant 
foreign currency, using the constant-yield method described above under "—Original Issue Discount". 
The interest income accrued or amount of OID determined should then be translated into U.S. dollars 
based on (i) the average exchange rate in effect during the interest accrual period, or portion thereof 
within the U.S. Holder's taxable year, or (ii) at the U.S. Holder's election, at the spot rate of exchange on 
(1) the last day of the accrual period, or the last day of the taxable year within the accrual period if the 
accrual period spans more than one taxable year, or (2) the date of receipt (or, in the case of OID, on the 
date such OID is treated as paid, as described above under "—Original Issue Discount"), if that date is 
within five business days of the last day of the accrual period. Such an election must be applied 
consistently by the U.S. Holder to all Foreign Currency Securities from year to year and can be revoked 
only with the consent of the IRS. 
Upon receipt of an interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest upon 
the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Security) denominated in, or determined by reference 
to, a foreign currency, a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as 
ordinary income or loss) in an amount equal to the difference between the amount received (translated

--- Page 913 ---
Taxation 
 
907 
 
into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of 
whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. 
Upon receipt of an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with a payment on the Security or 
a sale of the Security), a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as 
ordinary income or loss) in an amount equal to the difference between the amount received (translated 
into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the corresponding amount(s) previously 
accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. 
Market Discount on a Security that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, 
will be accrued in the foreign currency. If the U.S. Holder elects to include market discount in income 
currently, the accrued market discount will be translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rate 
for the accrual period (or portion thereof within the U.S. Holder's taxable year). Upon the receipt of an 
amount attributable to accrued market discount, the U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange 
gain or loss (which will be taxable as ordinary income or loss) determined in the same manner as for 
accrued interest or OID. A U.S. Holder that does not elect to include market discount in income currently 
will recognise, upon the disposition or maturity of the Security, the U.S. dollar value of the amount 
accrued, calculated at the spot rate on that date, and no part of this accrued market discount will be treated 
as exchange gain or loss. 
Bond premium (including acquisition premium) on a Security that is denominated in, or determined by 
reference to, a foreign currency, will be computed in units of the foreign currency, and any such bond 
premium that is taken into account currently will reduce interest income in units of the foreign currency. 
On the date bond premium offsets interest income, a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange 
gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) measured by the difference between the spot rate in 
effect on that date, and on the date the Securities were acquired by the U.S. Holder. A U.S. Holder that 
does not elect to take bond premium (other than acquisition premium) into account currently will 
recognise a loss when the Security matures. 
Foreign Currency Contingent Securities 
Special rules apply to determine the accrual of OID, and the amount, timing, source and character of any 
gain or loss on a Contingent Security that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign 
currency (a "Foreign Currency Contingent Security"). The rules applicable to Foreign Currency 
Contingent Securities are complex, and U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisers concerning 
the application of these rules. The term "Foreign Currency Contingent Security" also applies to certain 
debt instruments denominated in, or providing for payments determined by reference to, multiple 
currencies.  
Under these rules, a U.S. Holder of a Foreign Currency Contingent Security generally will be required 
to accrue OID in the foreign currency in which the Foreign Currency Contingent Security is denominated, 
if applicable, or in the foreign currency with reference to which payments on the Security are determined 
(or, in the case of a Foreign Currency Contingent Security that has payments determined by reference to 
more than one foreign currency, in the "predominant currency" determined under applicable U.S. 
Treasury regulations) (the "relevant foreign currency"). A U.S. Holder of a Foreign Currency 
Contingent Security will apply rules similar to those applicable to Contingent Securities, as described 
above under "—Contingent Payment Debt Instruments", to determine OID accruals, account for net 
positive or net negative adjustments, and calculate income or loss on the taxable disposition of the 
Foreign Currency Contingent Security. All such determinations are made in the relevant foreign 
currency.  
A highly complex set of rules governs the translation into U.S. dollars of the amounts determined in the 
relevant foreign currency and the related determination of foreign currency gain or loss. Prospective 
purchasers of Foreign Currency Contingent Securities should consult their tax advisors regarding these 
rules. A U.S. Holder might be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS if the U.S. Holder 
recognises foreign currency loss above certain thresholds (as described below under "—Reportable 
Transactions"). 
Fungibility Issue

--- Page 914 ---
Taxation 
 
908 
 
The U.S. Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders of outstanding Securities, issue additional 
Securities with identical terms. These additional Securities, even if they are treated for non-tax purposes 
as part of the same series as the original Securities, in some cases may be treated as part of a separate 
issue for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In such a case, the additional Securities may be considered 
to have been issued with OID even if the original Securities had no OID, or the additional Securities may 
have a greater amount of OID than the original Securities. These differences may affect the market value 
of the original Securities if the additional Securities are not otherwise distinguishable from the original 
Securities. 
Amortisable Bond Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Security for an amount in excess of its principal amount, or for a Discount 
Security, its stated redemption price at maturity, may elect to treat the excess as "amortisable" within 
the meaning of Section 171 of the Code in which case the amount required to be included in the U.S. 
Holder's income each year with respect to interest on the Security will be reduced by the amount of 
amortisable bond premium allocable (based on the Security's yield to maturity or in some cases its earlier 
call date) to that year. Any election to amortise bond premium will apply to all bonds held by the U.S. 
Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by 
the U.S. Holder, and is irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. 
Sale, Retirement or Other Taxable Disposition of Securities 
A U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss on the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of 
a Security equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and the tax basis 
of the Security. Except to the extent described above under "Market Discount" or "—Short Term 
Securities" or described below in relation to Contingent Securities or attributable to accrued but unpaid 
interest (which will be taxable as interest income to the extent not previously included in income) or 
changes in exchange rates, gain or loss recognised on the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of 
a Security will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder's 
holding period in the Securities exceeds one year. Gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale, 
retirement or other taxable disposition of a Security generally will be U.S. source. A U.S. Holder's tax 
basis in a Security generally will be its cost, increased by the amount of any OID or market discount 
included in the U.S. Holder's income with respect to the Security and the amount, if any, of income 
attributable to de minimis OID and de minimis market discount included in the U.S. Holder's income with 
respect to the Security, and reduced by (i) the amount of any payments that are not qualified stated interest 
payments, and (ii) the amount of any amortisable bond premium applied to reduce interest on the 
Security. 
Gain from the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition (including an exchange of the Contingent 
Security for an underlier) of a Contingent Security will be treated as interest income taxable at ordinary 
income (rather than capital gains) rates. Any loss will be ordinary loss to the extent that the U.S. Holder's 
total interest inclusions to the date of sale, retirement or other taxable disposition exceed the total net 
negative adjustments that the U.S. Holder took into account as ordinary loss, and any further loss will be 
capital loss. Gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of 
a Contingent Security will be U.S. source. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Contingent Security generally 
will be equal to its cost, increased by the amount of OID previously accrued with respect to the Security 
(determined without regard to any positive or negative adjustments reflecting the difference between 
actual payments and projected payments), increased or decreased by the amount of any positive or 
negative adjustment that the U.S. Holder is required to take into account for the difference between such 
U.S. Holder's purchase price for the Security and the adjusted issue price of the Security at the time of 
the purchase, and decreased by the amount of any projected payments scheduled to be made on the 
Security to the U.S. Holder (without regard to the actual amount paid). At maturity, a U.S. Holder of a 
Contingent Security will be treated as receiving the projected amount for that date (reduced by any 
carryforward of a net negative adjustment), and any difference between the amount received and that 
projected amount will be treated as a positive or negative adjustment. 
Upon the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Foreign Currency Security other than a Foreign 
Currency Contingent Security, a U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss in an amount equal to 
the difference between the amount realised on the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition and its tax 
basis in the Foreign Currency Security. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Foreign Currency Security will be 
determined by reference to the U.S. dollar cost of the Foreign Currency Security. The amount realised

--- Page 915 ---
Taxation 
 
909 
 
on a sale, retirement or other taxable disposition for an amount in foreign currency will be the U.S. dollar 
value of this amount. If the Foreign Currency Security is traded on an established securities market, as 
defined in the applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, the amount realised will be, in the case of a cash 
basis U.S. Holder (or an accrual basis U.S. Holder that so elects), determined using the spot rate on the 
settlement date for the sale. Such an election by an accrual basis U.S. Holder must be applied consistently 
from year to year and cannot be revoked without the consent of the IRS. A U.S. Holder will recognise 
U.S. source exchange rate gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) on the sale, retirement or 
other taxable disposition of a Foreign Currency Security in amount equal to the difference, if any, 
between the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder's purchase price for the Foreign Currency Security (or, 
if less, the principal amount of the Foreign Currency Security) (i) on the date of sale, retirement or other 
taxable disposition and (ii) the date on which the U.S. Holder acquired the Foreign Currency Security. 
Any such exchange rate gain or loss will be realised only to the extent of total gain or loss realised on 
the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition. An accrual basis U.S. Holder that does not elect to 
determine its amount realised using the spot rate on the settlement date of the sale, retirement or other 
taxable disposition will also recognise U.S. source exchange rate gain or loss on the difference between 
the U.S. dollar amount realised and the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency on the date of receipt. 
Upon a sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Foreign Currency Contingent Security, a U.S. 
Holder generally will recognise taxable gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the 
amount realised on the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the 
Foreign Currency Contingent Security, both translated into U.S. dollars. Special rules apply to determine 
the amount, timing, and character of any such income or loss. A U.S. Holder of a Foreign Currency 
Contingent Security will apply rules similar to those applicable to Contingent Securities, as described 
above, to calculate income or loss on the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of the Foreign 
Currency Contingent Security. Such calculation is made in the relevant foreign currency. A highly 
complex set of rules governs the translation into U.S. dollars of the amount calculated in the relevant 
foreign currency and the related determination of foreign currency gain or loss. Prospective purchasers 
of Foreign Currency Contingent Securities should consult their tax advisors regarding these rules. A U.S. 
Holder may be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS if the U.S. Holder recognises foreign 
currency loss above certain thresholds (as described below under "—Reportable Transactions"). 
U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of Securities Treated as other than Debt 
The following summary may apply to certain Securities that are not treated as debt for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. This summary does not discuss all types of Securities that may be treated as other 
than debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The applicable Issue Terms may discuss additional U.S. 
federal income tax considerations arising from an investment in a Security. 
Securities characterised as other than debt may, depending on their terms, properly be characterised as 
options or collateralised options written or held by the U.S. Holder, pre-paid forward contracts, or other 
pre-paid derivative contracts. A Security that provides for interim payments may be characterised as a 
notional principal contract, a pre-paid derivative contract with contingent coupons, or a unit comprised 
of a pre-paid derivative and a separate interest-bearing deposit that collateralises a U.S. Holder's 
obligations under that derivative. In either case, alternative characterisations are also possible. 
Securities Treated as other than Prepaid Forward Contracts or Prepaid Derivative Contracts 
A Security that provides for periodic payments and is not treated as a prepaid forward contract or prepaid 
derivative contract may potentially be treated as a notional principal contract, or as a unit comprised of 
one or more options or forward contracts collateralised by an interest bearing deposit. If a Security is 
characterised as a unit comprised of one or more options or forward contracts collateralised by an interest 
bearing deposit, all or a portion of the periodic payments may be treated as interest on the deposit. 
Amounts not treated as deposit interest could still constitute ordinary income. In either case, periodic 
payments may be required to be included in ordinary income rather than taken into account in computing 
the gain or loss from the Security. To the extent a Security is treated as including, in addition to the option 
or instrument being settled, other additional options that are deemed to lapse, it is possible that some 
amount attributable to the premium on those other options would be recognised even if no cash premium 
is stated to be payable to the U.S. Holder. Otherwise, gain or loss to a U.S. Holder generally would be 
recognised and determined when the Security is settled based on the difference between the amounts 
received under the Security and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Security. Such gain or loss generally 
would be capital gain or loss.

--- Page 916 ---
Taxation 
 
910 
 
If a Security were treated as a notional principal contract, a U.S. Holder also may be required to treat as 
ordinary income, rather than capital gain, payments received pursuant to the terms of the Security at 
maturity. To the extent the U.S. Holder were treated as having made (or received) a "nonperiodic 
payment" under the notional principal contract (for example, an upfront payment), the Issuer currently 
intends to bifurcate the payment and the notional principal contract into a loan and a separate contract 
only if the nonperiodic payment is "significant." However, it is possible that notional principal contracts 
with any nonperiodic payment (including a payment that is not significant) may, subject to certain limited 
exceptions, become subject to bifurcation. Amounts deemed to be interest on the loan generally would 
be characterised as such for most U.S. federal income tax purposes. To the extent the U.S. Holder were 
treated as having made (or received) a nonperiodic payment that was not treated as a separate loan, the 
nonperiodic payment would generally be amortised into income or as an expense over time with any 
income being treated as ordinary income and any expense being treated as an ordinary investment 
expense, which in the case of an individual is treated as a miscellaneous itemised deduction. 
Miscellaneous itemised deductions are not available for alternative minimum tax purposes and, for 
calendar years 2018 through 2025, for regular tax purposes. 
The U.S. Treasury also has issued proposed regulations governing the treatment of swaps that provide 
for contingent nonperiodic payments which could alter the timing and character of payments under 
Securities treated as notional principal contracts. The proposed regulations would generally require 
taxpayers either to accrue contingent payments under a complex "noncontingent swap method" in 
advance of receiving the income or, if certain requirements are met, account for the swap on a mark to 
market basis. The noncontingent swap method and mark-to-market method are not mandated until 30 
days after the proposed regulations are finalised. However, the preamble to the proposed regulations 
states that taxpayers that have not previously adopted a method of accounting for contingent swaps must 
immediately begin accruing contingent nonperiodic payments under any "reasonable amortisation 
method" (including the noncontingent swap method or the mark-to-market method) and the preamble 
indicates that the IRS does not consider a "wait and see" method to be reasonable for this purpose. It is 
unclear when the proposed regulations will be finalised and whether final regulations will differ from the 
proposed regulations. 
Securities Treated as Prepaid Forward Contracts or Prepaid Derivative Contracts with No Periodic 
Payments 
In general, in the case of a Security that does not provide for payments prior to maturity and is properly 
treated as a forward contract, variable prepaid forward contract or derivative contract, subject to the 
discussion below concerning "Constructive Ownership Transactions", a U.S. Holder generally should 
recognise capital gain or loss upon the sale, maturity or other taxable disposition of the Security in an 
amount equal to the difference between the amount a U.S. Holder realises on such sale, maturity or other 
taxable disposition and the U.S. Holder's basis in the Security. In general, a U.S. Holder's tax basis in the 
Security will be equal to the price the U.S. Holder paid for the Security. Subject to the discussions under 
"Possible Higher Tax on Securities Linked to 'Collectibles'" and "Constructive Ownership Transactions", 
this gain or loss should be long-term capital gain or loss if at the time of the taxable disposition the U.S. 
Holder has held the Security for more than one year, and short-term capital gain or loss otherwise. Long-
term capital gains recognised by non-corporate U.S. Holders are generally subject to taxation at reduced 
rates. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. The holding period for Securities will 
generally begin on the date after the U.S. Holder acquires the Security. 
It is possible that the IRS could assert that a U.S. Holder's holding period in respect of the Securities 
should end on the date on which the amount the U.S. Holder is entitled to receive upon the maturity of 
the Securities is determined, even though the U.S. Holder will not receive any amounts from the issuer 
in respect of the Securities prior to the maturity of the Securities. In such case, the timing and character 
of income a U.S. Holder recognises in respect of the Securities may be affected. 
Securities Treated as Prepaid Forward Contracts with Contingent Coupon Payments or Prepaid 
Derivative Contracts with Contingent Coupon Payments 
Although the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the contingent coupon payments is uncertain, the 
relevant Issuer intends to take the position, and the following discussion assumes, that such contingent 
coupon payments (including any contingent coupon payment on or with respect to the maturity date) 
constitute taxable ordinary income at the time received or accrued in accordance with a U.S. Holder's 
regular method of accounting. Except where stated otherwise, the discussion herein assumes that the

--- Page 917 ---
Taxation 
 
911 
 
contingent coupon payments are taxable as ordinary income at the time received or accrued in accordance 
with a U.S. Holder's regular method of tax accounting. 
Upon a taxable disposition (including a sale, exchange, early redemption, or retirement) of a Security, a 
U.S. Holder should recognise gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised and a U.S. 
Holder's tax basis in the Security. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Security should generally equal the 
amount paid to acquire it. Subject to the discussions under "Possible Higher Tax on Securities Linked to 
'Collectibles'" and "Constructive Ownership Transactions", this gain or loss should be long-term capital 
gain or loss if at the time of the taxable disposition the U.S. Holder has held the Security for more than 
one year, and short-term capital gain or loss otherwise. Long-term capital gains recognised by non-
corporate U.S. Holders are generally subject to taxation at reduced rates. The deductibility of capital 
losses is subject to limitations. 
It is possible that the IRS could assert that a U.S. Holder's holding period in respect of the Securities 
should end on the date on which the amount the U.S. Holder is entitled to receive upon the call or maturity 
of the Securities is determined, even though the U.S. Holder will not receive any amounts from the 
relevant Issuer in respect of the Securities prior to the call or maturity of the Securities. In such case, the 
timing and character of income a U.S. Holder recognises in respect of the securities may be affected. 
Alternative Tax Treatments 
Alternative tax treatments of the Securities are also possible and the IRS might assert that a treatment 
other than that described above is more appropriate. For example, it is possible to treat the Securities, 
and the IRS might assert that the Securities should be treated, as a single debt instrument. If the Securities 
have a term that exceeds one year, such a debt instrument would be subject to the special tax rules 
governing contingent payment debt instruments. If the Securities are so treated, a U.S. Holder would 
generally be required to accrue interest currently over the term of the Securities regardless of any current 
payments made on the Securities. In addition, any gain a U.S. Holder might recognise upon the call, sale 
or maturity of the Securities would generally be ordinary income and any loss recognised by a U.S. 
Holder at such time would be ordinary loss to the extent of interest that same U.S. Holder included in 
income in the current or previous taxable years in respect of the Securities, and thereafter, would be 
capital loss. If the Securities are treated as a single debt instrument that has a term of no more than one 
year, the Securities would be treated as a single short-term debt instrument, which would also result in 
tax consequences that are different from those described above. 
Because of the absence of authority regarding the appropriate tax characterisation of the Securities, it is 
also possible that the IRS could seek to characterise the Securities in a manner that results in other tax 
consequences that are different from those described above. For example, the IRS could possibly assert 
that any gain or loss that a U.S. Holder may recognise upon the call, sale or maturity of the Securities 
should be treated as ordinary gain or loss. 
The IRS has released a notice that may affect the taxation of investors in the Securities. According to the 
notice, the IRS and the U.S. Treasury are actively considering whether holders of certain instruments 
should be required to accrue ordinary income on a current basis regardless of any current payments made 
on the instruments. It is not possible to determine what guidance will ultimately be issued, if any. It is 
possible, however, that under such guidance, U.S. Holders of the Securities will ultimately be required 
to accrue income currently and this could be applied on a retroactive basis. The IRS and the U.S. Treasury 
are also considering other relevant issues, including whether additional gain or loss from such 
instruments should be treated as ordinary or capital and whether the special "constructive ownership 
rules" of Section 1260 of the Code, which generally operate to recharacterise certain long-term capital 
gains as ordinary income and impose an interest charge, might be applied to such instruments. Further, 
future legislation, including legislation based on bills previously introduced in Congress, may tax all 
derivative instruments on a mark-to-market basis, requiring holders of such derivative instruments to 
take into account annually gains and losses on such instruments as ordinary income. The adoption of 
such legislation or similar proposals may significantly impact the tax consequences from an investment 
in the Securities, including the timing and character of income and gain on the Securities. U.S. Holders 
should consult their tax advisor as to the tax consequences of possible alternative characterisations of 
their Security for U.S. federal income tax purposes and proposals to change the taxation of certain 
derivative instruments.

--- Page 918 ---
Taxation 
 
912 
 
Notwithstanding the general discussion above, in the case of a Security that permits the U.S. Issuer or 
Holder to vary the terms, for example by allowing discretionary substitution of reference property, such 
changes could be deemed to result in a deemed exchange of the Security for a new Security for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes and gain or loss could be recognised in advance of maturity. If a Security is 
treated as exchanged for a new Security reissued, the characterisation of the "new" Security as debt, 
option, forward agreement, notional principal contract or other derivative financial product may change 
and the "new" Security may be treated as being issued with original issue discount or bond premium or 
having significant nonperiodic payments or other nonperiodic payments. U.S. Holders should consult 
their tax advisers concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of changes in certain 
terms of the Securities. 
Physical Settlement  
If the Securities are settled by physical delivery of a number of shares of a Reference Asset at maturity, 
although no assurances can be provided in this regard, a U.S. Holder may generally expect not to 
recognize gain or loss upon maturity. However, a U.S. Holder would generally be required to recognize 
gain or loss, if any, with respect to any cash received in lieu of fractional shares, equal to the difference 
between the cash received and the pro rata portion of the tax basis allocable to those fractional shares. 
Any such gain or loss would be treated as capital gain or loss, subject to the discussion below concerning 
the potential application of the "constructive ownership" rules under Section 1260 of the Code. A U.S. 
Holder's tax basis in the shares of the Reference Asset delivered would generally equal its tax basis in 
the Securities, other than any amount allocable to a fractional share. A U.S. Holder's holding period for 
the shares of the Reference Asset delivered would begin on the day after the shares of the Reference 
Asset are received. In the case of a Security denominated in a currency other than the United States 
dollar, all or a portion of the amount recognised may be treated as foreign currency gain or loss. Foreign 
currency gain or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder (generally, the gain or loss attributable to changes in 
value of the foreign currency relative to the dollar) would be treated as ordinary income rather than 
capital gain. 
Constructive Ownership Transactions 
If the Reference Asset is the type of financial asset described under Section 1260 of the Code (including, 
among others, any equity interest in pass-thru entities such as ETFs, regulated investment companies, 
real estate investment trusts, partnerships, and passive foreign investment companies, each a "Section 
1260 Financial Asset"), while the matter is not entirely clear, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, there exists a substantial risk that an investment in a Security is, in whole or in part, a 
"constructive ownership transaction" to which Section 1260 of the Code applies. If Section 1260 of the 
Code applies, all or a portion of any long-term capital gain recognised by a U.S. Holder in respect of a 
Security will be recharacterised as ordinary income (the "Excess Gain"). In addition, an interest charge 
will also apply to any deemed underpayment of tax in respect of any Excess Gain to the extent such gain 
would have resulted in gross income inclusion for the U.S. Holder in taxable years prior to the taxable 
year of the call, sale, or maturity (assuming such income accrued at a constant rate equal to the applicable 
federal rate as of the date of call, sale, or maturity). 
If an investment in a Security is treated as a constructive ownership transaction, it is not clear to what 
extent any long-term capital gain of a U.S. Holder in respect of the Security will be recharacterised as 
ordinary income. It is possible, for example, that the amount of the Excess Gain (if any) that would be 
recharacterised as ordinary income in respect of the Security will equal the excess of (i) any long-term 
capital gain recognised by the U.S. Holder in respect of the Security and attributable to Section 1260 
Financial Assets, over (ii) the "net underlying long-term capital gain" (as defined in Section 1260 of the 
Internal Revenue Code) such U.S. Holder would have had if such U.S. Holder had acquired an amount 
of the corresponding Section 1260 Financial Assets at fair market value on the original issue date for an 
amount equal to the portion of the issue price of the Security attributable to the corresponding Section 
1260 Financial Assets and sold such amount of Section 1260 Financial Assets upon the date of call, sale, 
or maturity of the Security at fair market value. To the extent any gain is treated as long-term capital gain 
after application of the recharacterisation rules of Section 1260 of the Code, such gain would be subject 
to U.S. federal income tax at the rates that would have been applicable to the net underlying long-term 
capital gain. However, unless otherwise established by clear and convincing evidence, the net underlying 
long-term capital gain is treated as zero. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the 
potential application of Section 1260 of the Code to an investment in the Security.

--- Page 919 ---
Taxation 
 
913 
 
In addition, as discussed below in "Possible Higher Tax on Securities Linked to 'Collectibles,'" if the 
Securities are related to an ownership interest in collectibles or an entity that holds collectibles, long-
term capital gain that a U.S. Holder would otherwise recognise in respect of their Securities up to the 
amount of the "net underlying long-term capital gain" could, if the U.S. Holder is an individual or other 
non-corporate investor, be subject to tax at the higher rates applicable to "collectibles" instead of the 
general rates that apply to long-term capital gain. 
To the extent the issuer of a Reference Asset is deemed to be a "passive foreign investment company" 
and the Security is determined to be an option for purposes of applicable regulations, certain payments 
received prior to the maturity date of the Security and any gains may be subject to adverse tax treatment 
under the rules for investments in passive foreign investment companies. In the case of an excess 
distribution or any gain, (i) the excess distribution or gain is allocated rateably over the U.S. Holder's 
holding period, (ii) the amount allocated to the current tax year is taxed as ordinary income, and (iii) the 
amount allocated to each previous tax year is taxed at the highest applicable marginal rate in effect for 
that year and an interest charge is imposed to recover the deemed benefit from the deferred payment of 
the tax. These rules also may effectively prevent a U.S. Holder from treating the gain realised on the 
disposition of the Security as capital gain. A U.S. Holder would not be able to elect to treat such an issuer 
of a Reference Asset as a qualified electing fund ("QEF") in these circumstances to avoid these 
consequences. The relationship between these rules and the rules for "constructive ownership 
transaction" is unclear under current law. The U.S. Issuer does not intend to determine whether the issuers 
of the Reference Assets in fact are passive foreign investment companies. Investors should consult their 
tax advisers regarding the status of the Reference Assets and the application of these rules to ownership 
of the Security. 
Possible Higher Tax on Securities Linked to "Collectibles" 
Under current law, long-term capital gain recognised on a sale of "collectibles" (which includes, among 
others, metals) or an ownership interest in certain entities that hold collectibles is generally taxed at the 
maximum 28% rate applicable to collectibles. It is possible that long-term capital gain from a taxable 
disposition of certain Securities linked to a Reference Asset that is a collectible or is one of certain entities 
holding collectibles would be subject to the rate applicable to collectibles, instead of the lower long-term 
capital gain rate. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding an investment in a 
security linked to a collectible or to an entity holding collectibles. 
Substitution of Issuer 
The terms of the Securities provide that, in certain circumstances, the obligations of the U.S. Issuer under 
the Securities may be assumed by another entity. Any such assumption might be treated for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes as a deemed disposition of Securities by a U.S. Holder in exchange for new 
securities issued by the new obligor. As a result of this deemed disposition, a U.S. Holder could be 
required to recognise capital gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes equal to the difference, if 
any, between the issue price of the new Securities (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes), 
and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Securities. If a Security is treated as reissued, it may be treated as 
being issued with original issue discount or bond premium or having significant nonperiodic payments 
or other nonperiodic payments. In addition, the characterisation of a Security as debt, option, forward 
agreement, notional principal contract or other derivative financial product may change on account of a 
substitution of the U.S. Issuer. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the U.S. federal 
income tax consequences to them of a change in obligor with respect to the Securities. 
Reportable Transactions 
A U.S. taxpayer that participates in a "reportable transaction" will be required to disclose this 
participation to the IRS. The scope and application of these rules is not entirely clear. A U.S. Holder that 
is an individual or trust may be required to treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Securities as 
a reportable transaction if the loss exceeds U.S.$50,000 in a single taxable year (or higher amounts for 
other types of U.S. Holders). In 2015, the U.S. Treasury and the IRS released notices designating certain 
"basket options", "basket contracts" and substantially similar transactions as reportable transactions. The 
notices apply to specified transactions in which a taxpayer or its "designee" has, and exercises, discretion 
to change the assets or an algorithm underlying the transaction. While an exercise of the type of discretion 
that would give rise to such reporting requirements in respect of the Securities is not expected, if the U.S. 
Issuer, an Index Sponsor or Calculation Agent or other person were to exercise discretion under the terms

--- Page 920 ---
Taxation 
 
914 
 
of a Security or an Index underlying a Security and were treated as a beneficial owner's or Holder's 
"designee" for these purposes, unless an exception applied certain beneficial owners and Holders of the 
relevant Securities may be required to report certain information to the IRS, as set forth in the applicable 
U.S. Treasury regulations, or be subject to penalties. In addition, in the event the acquisition, holding or 
disposition of Securities otherwise constitutes participation in a "reportable transaction" for the purposes 
of these rules, a U.S. Holder may be required to disclose its investment by filing Form 8886 with the 
IRS. The U.S. Issuer might also be required to report information regarding the transaction to the IRS. A 
penalty in the amount of U.S.$10,000 for natural persons and U.S.$50,000 for other persons (increased 
to U.S.$100,000 and U.S.$200,000, respectively, if the reportable transaction is a "Listed Transaction") 
may be imposed on any taxpayer that fails to timely file an information return with the IRS with respect 
to a transaction that is treated as a reportable transaction. Investors are urged to consult their tax advisers 
regarding the application of these rules to the acquisition, holding or disposition of Securities. 
Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders 
U.S. Withholding Taxes 
The following discussion applies to Securities that are properly treated as debt for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. The applicable Issue Terms may discuss additional U.S. federal income tax considerations 
arising from an investment in the Securities. 
Subject to the discussions below in "—U.S. Withholding under FATCA", "—U.S. Withholding on 
Dividend Equivalent Payments", "—U.S. Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act", "—U.S. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding", and "—FATCA", the U.S. Issuer expects that payments 
on the Securities to a Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax, 
provided that, in the case of payments treated as interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes with respect 
to Securities with a maturity at issue of more than 183 days, the following conditions are satisfied such 
that the interest payments qualify as "portfolio interest": 
• 
the amount of the payment is not determined by reference to any receipts, sales or other cash 
flow, income or profits, change in value of any property of, or dividend or similar payment made 
by the U.S. Issuer or a person related to the U.S. Issuer (other than, among other things, certain 
property that is traded on an exchange or interdealer market that satisfies the requirements 
necessary for the property to qualify as "actively traded property" or property held as a hedging 
transaction to manage interest rate or currency fluctuations with respect to an Security); 
• 
the Non-U.S. Holder does not actually or constructively own 10 per cent. or more of the total 
combined voting power of all classes of stock of the U.S. Issuer entitled to vote; 
• 
the Non-U.S. Holder is not for U.S. federal income tax purposes a controlled foreign corporation 
related to the U.S. Issuer through stock ownership; 
• 
the Non-U.S. Holder is not a bank receiving interest on an extension of credit pursuant to a loan 
agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its business; 
• 
the Non-U.S. Holder is not within a foreign country with respect to which the United States 
Secretary of the Treasury has made a determination under Section 871(h)(6) of the Code or 
Section 881(c)(6) of the Code that payments to any person within such foreign country (or 
payments addressed to, or for the account of, persons within such foreign country) shall not 
constitute portfolio interest under either Section 871(h) or Section 881(c) of the Code; 
• 
in certain cases (i) the Non-U.S. Holder has provided the appropriate and properly completed 
and executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 on which it certifies, under penalties of 
perjury, that it is not a U.S. person, and (ii) in the case of payments made to an intermediary, a 
properly completed intermediary certification (such as U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-
8IMY) and any other required documentation has been provided by the intermediary to the U.S. 
Issuer or its paying agent; and 
• 
the Security is treated as issued in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

--- Page 921 ---
Taxation 
 
915 
 
If the above requirements are not satisfied, the gross amounts of any payment treated as interest or OID 
with respect to Securities issued by the U.S. Issuer with a maturity of more than 183 days will be subject 
to U.S. withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. unless (1) the Non-U.S. Holder provides a properly 
completed IRS Form W-8 (or successor form) claiming an exemption from or reduction in withholding 
under an applicable tax treaty or (2) such interest or OID is effectively connected with the Non-U.S. 
Holder's conduct of a U.S. trade or business and is included in the Non-U.S. Holder's gross income for 
the taxable year and the Non-U.S. Holder provides a properly completed IRS Form W-8ECI (or successor 
form).  
Accordingly, except to the extent the Issue Terms indicates otherwise and subject to the discussions in 
the sections entitled "—U.S. Withholding Under FATCA", "—U.S. Withholding on Dividend Equivalent 
Payments", "—U.S. Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act", "—U.S. Information Reporting and 
Backup Withholding", and "—FATCA", below, the U.S. Issuer generally does not intend to withhold any 
amounts with respect to payments made to Non-U.S. Holders under the Securities, provided that Non-
U.S. Holders provide the U.S. Issuer, following a specific reasonable request by, or on behalf of, the U.S. 
Issuer, with a certification on the appropriate IRS Form W-8 or other reasonably requested certification 
regarding their nationality or identity. 
Notwithstanding the discussion above, payments on a Security treated as U.S. source income, other than 
amounts specifically exempted from U.S. withholding, including portfolio interest and interest on certain 
short-term debt obligations issued by the U.S. Issuer, could be subject to U.S. withholding tax generally. 
The applicable Issue Terms will provide a discussion of any additional U.S. federal income tax 
considerations that may be relevant to an investment in a Security by Non-U.S. Holders. 
Further, subject to the discussions in the sections entitled "—U.S. Withholding under FATCA", "—U.S. 
Withholding on Dividend Equivalent Payments", "—U.S. Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act", 
and "—FATCA", gain realised on the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Security by a Non-
U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless (i) such income is effectively 
connected with a trade or business conducted by the Non-U.S. Holder in the United States, or (ii) the 
Non-U.S. Holder has or had a current or former relationship with the United States, including a 
relationship as a citizen or resident thereof or based on an individual's presence in the United States for 
183 days or more in the taxable year of the sale or maturity of the Securities. In the case of (i) above, a 
Non-U.S. Holder generally would be subject to U.S. federal income tax with respect to any income or 
gain in the same manner as if the Non-U.S. Holder were a U.S. Holder and, in the case of a Non-U.S. 
Holder that is a corporation, the Non-U.S. Holder may also be subject to a branch profits tax equal to 
30% (or such lower rate provided by an applicable U.S. income tax treaty) of a portion of its earnings 
and profits for the taxable year that are effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in 
the United States, subject to certain adjustments. 
The U.S. Issuer generally is required to provide to Holders, solely for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
a schedule of the projected amounts of payments on Securities treated as Contingent Securities as more 
fully described in the section entitled "Taxation of Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.—
Taxation of U.S. Holders—U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of Securities Treated as Debt—
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments". A Holder may submit a written request for the schedule to the 
attention of the relevant Issuer at 383 Madison Avenue, 5th Floor, New York, New York 10179, United 
States of America, or such other address as may be provided in the relevant Issue Terms.  
THE COMPARABLE YIELD AND PROJECTED PAYMENT SCHEDULE WILL NOT BE 
DETERMINED FOR ANY PURPOSE OTHER THAN FOR THE DETERMINATION OF INTEREST 
ACCRUALS AND ADJUSTMENTS THEREOF IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES FOR UNITED 
STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES AND WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A PROJECTION 
OR REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE ACTUAL AMOUNTS PAYABLE TO THE HOLDERS 
OF THE SECURITIES. 
The following discussion applies to Securities that are properly treated as other than debt for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes and that do not provide for any payments prior to maturity. The applicable Issue 
Terms may discuss additional U.S. federal income tax considerations arising from an investment in the 
Securities. 
Except to the extent the Issue Terms indicate otherwise and subject to the discussions in the sections 
entitled "—U.S. Withholding Under FATCA", "—U.S. Withholding on Dividend Equivalent Payments",

--- Page 922 ---
Taxation 
 
916 
 
"—U.S. Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act", "—U.S. Information Reporting and Backup 
Withholding", and "—FATCA", below, the relevant Issuer generally does not intend to withhold any 
amounts with respect to payments made to Non-U.S. Holders under the Securities, provided that Non-
U.S. Holders provide the relevant Issuer, following a specific reasonable request by, or on behalf of, the 
relevant Issuer, with a certification on the appropriate IRS Form W-8 or other reasonably requested 
certification regarding their nationality or identity. 
Notwithstanding the discussion above, payments on a Security treated as U.S. source income could be 
subject to U.S. withholding tax generally. The applicable Issue Terms will provide a discussion of any 
additional U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to an investment in a Security by 
Non-U.S. Holders.  
Further, subject to the discussions in the sections entitled "—U.S. Withholding under FATCA", "—U.S. 
Withholding on Dividend Equivalent Payments", "—U.S. Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act", 
and "—FATCA", gain realised on the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Security by a Non-
U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless (i) such income is effectively 
connected with a trade or business conducted by the Non-U.S. Holder in the United States, or (ii) the 
Non-U.S. Holder has or had a current or former relationship with the United States, including a 
relationship as a citizen or resident thereof or based on an individual's presence in the United States for 
183 days or more in the taxable year of the sale or maturity of the Securities. In the case of (i) above, a 
Non-U.S. Holder generally would be subject to U.S. federal income tax with respect to any income or 
gain in the same manner as if the Non-U.S. Holder were a U.S. Holder and, in the case of a Non-U.S. 
Holder that is a corporation, the Non-U.S. Holder may also be subject to a branch profits tax equal to 
30% (or such lower rate provided by an applicable U.S. income tax treaty) of a portion of its earnings 
and profits for the taxable year that are effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in 
the United States, subject to certain adjustments. 
U.S. Withholding under FATCA 
As further described in "—FATCA" below, payments to a non-U.S. entity could be subject to a separate 
30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax without regard to the exemptions from U.S. withholding that may 
otherwise be available (including exemptions for amounts treated as portfolio interest). 
U.S. Withholding on Dividend Equivalent Payments 
Under Section 871(m) of the Code and U.S. Treasury regulations thereunder (collectively, "Section 
871(m)"), payments on financial instruments that reference shares of one or more U.S. corporations may 
be treated as "dividend equivalent" payments that are subject to U.S. withholding tax at a rate of 30 per 
cent. For these purposes, a financial instrument that references certain funds or other investment vehicles 
that hold an interest in shares of a U.S. corporation, whether directly or synthetically through a financial 
instrument, may be treated as referencing the shares of the U.S. corporation. Generally, a "dividend 
equivalent" is a payment that is directly or indirectly contingent upon a U.S. source dividend or is 
determined by reference to a U.S. source dividend. For financial instruments issued on or after 1 January 
2017 but prior to 1 January 2027, regulations and guidance under Section 871(m) provide that dividend 
equivalent payments will be subject to withholding if the instrument has a "delta" of one with respect to 
either an underlying U.S. stock or a U.S. stock component of an underlying index or basket. For financial 
instruments issued on or after 1 January 2027, dividend equivalent payments on (i) a "simple" financial 
instrument that has a delta of 0.8 or greater with respect to an underlying U.S. stock or a U.S. stock 
component of an underlying index or basket and (ii) a "complex" financial instrument that meets the 
"substantial equivalence" test with respect to an underlying U.S. stock or a U.S. stock component of an 
underlying index or basket, will be subject to withholding tax under Section 871(m). A simple financial 
instrument is an instrument which, with respect to each underlying U.S. stock or U.S. stock component 
of an underlying index or basket, all amounts to be paid or received on maturity, exercise, or any other 
payment determination date are calculated by reference to a single, fixed number of shares of the 
underlying U.S. stock or U.S. stock component, provided that the number of shares can be ascertained at 
the calculation time for the instrument, and there is a single maturity or exercise date with respect to 
which all amounts (other than any upfront payment or any periodic payments) are required to be 
calculated with respect to the underlying U.S. stock or U.S. stock component. An example of a simple 
financial instrument is an instrument that entitles the holder to all of the appreciation (or a reduction in 
the principal payment equal to all of the depreciation) in the value of 100 shares of a U.S. stock and any

--- Page 923 ---
Taxation 
 
917 
 
periodic dividends on such shares. Very generally, a complex financial instrument is an instrument that 
is not a simple financial instrument as described above. 
The delta of a financial instrument generally is defined as the ratio of the change in the fair market value 
of the instrument to a small change in the fair market value of the number of shares of the underlying 
U.S. corporation. A financial instrument generally will be treated as having a delta of one if it provides 
for 100 per cent. participation in all of the appreciation and depreciation of one or more underlying U.S. 
stocks. Very broadly, the substantial equivalence test for complex financial instruments analyses whether 
a financial instrument has a correlation to the applicable underlying U.S. stock that is at least as great as 
that of a simple financial instrument with a delta of at least 0.8. 
The delta or substantial equivalence of a financial instrument generally is determined either as of the 
pricing or issue date of the instrument, in accordance with the regulations. However, the issue date must 
be used as the determination date if a financial instrument is priced more than 14 calendar days before it 
is issued. In addition, the delta or substantial equivalence of Securities that are held in inventory by an 
affiliate of the Issuer (between issuance and sale to an investor) may be required to be retested at the time 
of sale or disposition from inventory by such affiliate. If Securities sold from inventory are determined 
to be subject to withholding under Section 871(m) and the same Series of Securities sold at issuance 
were determined not to be subject to Section 871(m), Non-U.S. Holders of Securities sold at issuance 
may be adversely affected to the extent the Issuer does not, or is unable to, separately track and 
distinguish Securities sold to investors at issuance from those sold out of inventory. Further, a Security 
may be treated as reissued for purposes of Section 871(m) upon a significant modification of the terms 
of the Security. In this context, a rebalancing or adjustment to the components of an underlying index or 
basket may result in the deemed reissuance of the Security (including for purposes of applying the 
effective dates provided in Section 871(m)). The Issuer intends to take the position that a Security should 
not be treated as reissued for this purpose as a result of a non-discretionary rebalancing or adjustment to 
the components of an underlying index or basket, an exercise of discretion by the index or basket provider 
or a board or committee responsible for maintaining the index or basket in interpreting its published, 
predefined criteria, or an exercise of discretion otherwise required as a result of a Market Disruption 
Event or similar events. Upon a significant modification, a Security that was not subject to withholding 
under Section 871(m) at issuance may become subject to withholding at the time of the deemed 
reissuance. 
A Series of Securities that references an index or basket that is treated as a "qualified index" will not be 
subject to withholding under Section 871(m), even if such Securities meet, as applicable, the delta or 
substantial equivalence test with respect to a U.S. stock component of the index. In general, a qualified 
index is a diverse, passive, and widely used index that satisfies, as of the applicable determination date, 
the technical requirements prescribed by regulations. Whether a Series of Securities is treated as 
referencing a qualified index is determined at pricing or issuance of the Securities, in accordance with 
the regulations. If a Series of Securities is treated as referencing a qualified index, such Securities 
generally will not become subject to withholding under Section 871(m) in a subsequent year after such 
determination unless (i) the Securities are treated as significantly modified (including by certain changes 
to the index), (ii) the Securities are determined to meet the delta or substantial equivalence test, as 
applicable, at the time they are significantly modified and (iii) the index referenced by the Securities is 
no longer treated as a qualified index. In addition, if a Non-U.S. Holder or a related party enters into one 
or more transactions in connection with a Security that reduce exposure to any component of an 
underlying index that is otherwise treated as a qualified index, the Security will not, subject to certain 
limited exceptions (such as transactions that reduce exposure to the entire index or that reduce exposure 
to components of the underlying index by five percent or less of the value of the index), be treated as 
referencing a qualified index. In such case, the Non-U.S. Holder may be subject to Section 871(m) tax 
even though the Issuer and other withholding agents may not withhold with respect to the Security. 
In addition, a Security that in isolation is not subject to Section 871(m) may nonetheless be subject to 
Section 871(m) if the Non-U.S. Holder has engaged, or engages, in other transactions in respect of an 
underlying U.S. stock or component of an underlying index or basket in connection with the Security. 
For these purposes, a Security and such other transactions will be subject to withholding under Section 
871(m) if, in the aggregate, they replicate the economics of a transaction that would be a Section 871(m) 
simple financial instrument. In such situations, such Non-U.S. Holders could be subject to Section 
871(m) tax even if the Issuer does not withhold in respect of the Security. Further, a Non-U.S. Holder 
may be required, including by custodians and other withholding agents with respect to the Security, to 
make representations regarding the nature of any other positions with respect to U.S. stock directly or

--- Page 924 ---
Taxation 
 
918 
 
indirectly referenced (including components of any index or basket) by such Security. A Non-U.S. 
Holder that enters, or has entered, into other transactions in respect of a U.S. stock, component of an 
underlying index or basket, or the Securities should consult its own tax advisor regarding the application 
of Section 871(m) to the Securities and such other transactions. 
The relevant Issue Terms will indicate if the Issuer has determined that the particular issue of Securities 
is expected to be subject to withholding under Section 871(m). For Securities deposited with the Relevant 
Clearing System(s) that are determined to be subject to withholding under Section 871(m), unless 
otherwise indicated in the Issue Terms, the Issuer will withhold at source on any dividend equivalent 
amounts and comply with certain related reporting requirements imposed by the clearing organisation in 
respect of such Securities. For Securities deposited with other clearing organisations, the Issue Terms 
may describe alternative withholding procedures based on any requirements of such organisations. Any 
determination by the Issuer on the application of Section 871(m) to a particular Security generally is 
binding on beneficial owners and Holders, but is not binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) regulations 
require complex calculations to be made with respect to Securities referencing shares of U.S. 
corporations and their application to a specific issue of Securities may be uncertain. Accordingly, even 
if the Issuer determines that a Security is not subject to Section 871(m), the IRS could assert that 
withholding is required in respect of such Security, including where the IRS concludes that the delta or 
substantial equivalence with respect to the Security was determined more than 14 days prior to the 
Security's issue date. 
For Securities deposited with the Relevant Clearing System(s), unless indicated otherwise in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the rate of any withholding generally will not be reduced even if the beneficial owner is not 
subject to (or exempted from) the withholding tax (such as beneficial owners that are "United States 
persons") or is eligible for a reduction under an applicable treaty. In certain limited circumstances, and 
regardless of the Relevant Clearing System with whom the Securities are deposited, the Issue Terms may 
specify if the Issuer or other withholding agent will be able to withhold based on lower treaty rates to 
which Non-U.S. Holders may be entitled or to take account of a Non-U.S. Holder's exemption from the 
withholding tax. In general, Non-U.S. Holders may be able to claim a refund for any excess amounts 
withheld by filing a U.S. tax return. However, Holders and beneficial owners may not receive the 
necessary information to properly claim a refund for excess withholding taxes. In addition, the IRS may 
not credit a Non-U.S. Holder with withholding taxes remitted in respect of its Security for the purposes 
of claiming a refund. Finally, a Non-U.S. Holder's resident tax jurisdiction may not permit the Non-U.S. 
Holder to take a credit for U.S. withholding taxes related to the dividend equivalent amount. In any event, 
the Issuers will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld under 
Section 871(m) unless (i) "gross up" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, (ii) 
"Exclude Section 871(m) Taxes from Gross Up" is specified not to be applicable therein, and (iii) the 
withholding is not treated by the Issuer as occurring due to actions of such investor (as described in 
General Condition 20.2(n) (Circumstances in which Additional Amounts will not be paid)). 
If a Series of Securities is determined to be subject to U.S. withholding tax under Section 871(m), 
information regarding the amount of each dividend equivalent, the delta of the Securities, the amount of 
any tax withheld and deposited, the estimated dividend amount (if applicable), and any other information 
required under the regulations, will be provided, communicated, or made available to Holders in a 
manner permitted by applicable regulations. The Issue Terms will specify how such information will be 
made available to Holders. Withholding on payments will be based on actual dividends on the underlying 
U.S. stock or, if otherwise notified by the Issuer in accordance with applicable regulations, on estimated 
dividends used in pricing the Securities. Where a Series of Securities that references estimated dividend 
amounts also provides for any additional payments to reflect actual dividends on the underlying U.S. 
stock (e.g., extraordinary dividends), withholding tax will also apply to any additional payments. 
If the Issuer determines that a Security is subject to withholding under Section 871(m), withholding tax 
will apply in respect of the actual (or estimated, as described above) dividends that are paid on the 
underlying U.S. stock may be withheld on any portion of a payment or deemed payment that is a dividend 
equivalent. Withholding under Section 871(m) generally will be required when payments are made on 
the Security or upon maturity, lapse or other disposition by the Non-U.S. Holder of the Security. 
Alternatively, such withholding may occur in certain cases at the time a dividend is paid on the relevant 
U.S. stock (or, in certain other cases, at the close of the quarter upon which the dividend is paid). Further, 
the Issuer may deem a coupon payment on the Securities, in an amount equal to such dividend equivalent 
amount and will subject such coupon payment to U.S. withholding tax. Such coupon payments, net of 
withholding tax, will not be paid to the Non-U.S. Holders under the terms and conditions of the Security.

--- Page 925 ---
Taxation 
 
919 
 
Non-U.S. Holders should consult with their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 
871(m) to the Securities. 
U.S. Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act  
Under Section 897 of the Code, commonly referred to as the U.S. Foreign Investment in Real Property 
Tax Act ("FIRPTA"), a Non-U.S. Holder may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a disposition of 
a United States real property interest (a "USRPI"). Very generally, a USRPI may be an interest in U.S. 
real property or an interest in a United States real property holding corporation (a "USRPHC") within 
the meaning of Section 897 of the Code. However, an interest in a USRPHC that does not exceed 
generally 5 per cent. of the corporation's regularly traded stock is not a USRPI, after taking into account 
shares or interests of the underlying issuer that are directly, indirectly or constructively owned by such 
Non-U.S. Holder. In addition, holding the Securities may also impact the taxation of such other shares 
or interests. 
The U.S. Issuer will not attempt to ascertain whether an issuer of reference shares, or an issuer of shares 
that are components of an Index or basket of securities, is a USRPHC. To the extent a Security is treated 
as a USRPI, any gain from the disposition thereof generally would be subject to U.S. federal income tax 
and required to be reported by the Non-U.S. Holder on a U.S. federal income tax return, and the amount 
realised on such disposition would in certain cases be subject to withholding at a rate of 15 per cent. Even 
if the U.S. Issuer does not withhold, there can be no assurance that a withholding agent will not withhold 
in respect of a Security. A Non-U.S. Holder may have U.S. income tax liability that exceeds amounts 
withheld, if any. Neither the U.S. Issuer, the Guarantor nor a withholding agent will pay any additional 
amounts in respect of amounts withheld or any tax liability arising under Section 897 of the Code.  
Non-U.S. Holders should consult with their tax advisors regarding the application of Section 897 to an 
investment in their Securities. 
U.S. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding  
Amounts payable on, and the proceeds of a sale, redemption or other taxable disposition of, Securities 
may be subject to information reporting. Such amounts may also be subject to backup withholding if a 
Non-U.S. Holder fails to provide certain identifying information (such as an accurate taxpayer 
identification number) or meets certain other conditions. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax 
advisers as to their qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for obtaining 
an exemption. Amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not additional taxes and may 
be refunded or credited against a Non-U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the 
relevant information is timely furnished to the IRS.  
Taxation of Securities issued by JPMSP  
The summary below addresses purchasers of Securities issued by JPMSP. 
Taxation of U.S. Holders 
U.S. Holders generally should see the discussion under "—General" and "—Taxation of Securities 
issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.—Taxation of U.S. Holders" for the U.S. federal income tax 
treatment of the Securities, although the source of income may differ than as described therein. 
Foreign Financial Asset Reporting Requirements 
A U.S. Holder that is an individual and holds certain foreign financial assets must file IRS Form 8938 to 
report the ownership of such assets if the total value of those assets exceeds the applicable threshold 
amounts. In general, specified foreign financial assets include stocks or securities issued by a non-U.S. 
person, any interest in a foreign entity, any financial instrument or contract that has an issuer or 
counterparty that is not a U.S. person. Certain domestic corporations, partnerships and trusts that hold, 
directly or indirectly, specified foreign financial assets may be required to file IRS Form 8938. In 
addition, certain non-resident alien individuals may be required to file Form 8938, notwithstanding the 
availability of any special treatment under an income tax treaty. Such form generally is not required to 
be filed with respect to a Security that is held through a U.S. payer, such as a U.S. financial institution, a 
U.S. branch of a non-U.S. bank, and certain non-U.S. branches or subsidiaries of U.S. financial 
institutions.

--- Page 926 ---
Taxation 
 
920 
 
Taxpayers who fail to make the required disclosure with respect to any taxable year are subject to certain 
penalties. In addition, the failure to file Form 8938 will extend the statute of limitations for a taxpayer's 
entire related income tax return until at least three years after the date on which the Form 8938 is filed. 
All U.S. Holders are urged to consult with their own tax advisors with respect to whether a Security is a 
foreign financial asset that (if the applicable threshold was met) would be subject to this rule. 
Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders 
U.S. Withholding Taxes 
Subject to the discussions above in "—Taxation of Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.—
Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders—U.S. Withholding under FATCA", "—Taxation of Securities issued by 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.—Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders—U.S. Withholding on Dividend Equivalent 
Payments", and "—Taxation of Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.—Taxation of Non-U.S. 
Holders—U.S. Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act", and the discussion in "—U.S. Information 
Reporting and Backup Withholding", below, and generally without regard to whether interest qualifies 
as portfolio interest, JPMSP expects that payments on the Securities to a Non-U.S. Holder generally will 
not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax. Accordingly, except to the extent the Issue Terms indicates 
otherwise and subject to the discussions above in the sections entitled "—Taxation of Securities issued 
by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.—Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders—U.S. Withholding under FATCA", "—
Taxation of Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.—Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders—U.S. 
Withholding on Dividend Equivalent Payments", and "—Taxation of Securities issued by JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A.—Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders—U.S. Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act" 
(but generally without regard to whether interest qualifies as portfolio interest), JPMSP generally does 
not intend to withhold any amounts with respect to payments made to Non-U.S. Holders under the 
Securities. 
Further, subject to the discussion in the sections entitled "—Taxation of Securities issued by JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A.—Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders—U.S. Withholding under FATCA", "—Taxation of 
Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.—Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders—U.S. Withholding on 
Dividend Equivalent Payments", and "—Taxation of Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.—
Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders—U.S. Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act", gain realised on the 
sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Security by a Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be 
subject to U.S. federal income tax unless (i) such income is effectively connected with a trade or business 
conducted by the Non-U.S. Holder in the United States, or (ii) the Non-U.S. Holder has or had a current 
or former relationship with the United States, including a relationship as a citizen or resident thereof or 
based on an individual's presence in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of the sale 
or maturity of the Securities. In the case of (i) above, a Non-U.S. Holder generally would be subject to 
U.S. federal income tax with respect to any income or gain in the same manner as if the Non-U.S. Holder 
were a U.S. Holder and, in the case of a Non-U.S. Holder that is a corporation, the Non-U.S. Holder may 
also be subject to a branch profits tax equal to 30%. (or such lower rate provided by an applicable U.S. 
income tax treaty) of a portion of its earnings and profits for the taxable year that are effectively 
connected with its conduct of a trade or business in the United States, subject to certain adjustments. 
U.S. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
In the case of a Security that is treated as debt and in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
payments of principal, OID, and interest made by a non-U.S. payor (other than a U.S. Controlled Person) 
outside the United States to a Non-U.S. Holder will not be subject to information reporting or backup 
withholding. Payments on such Securities made within the United States or by a U.S. Controlled Person 
may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding. 
Payments on the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Security made to a Non-U.S. Holder 
by a non-U.S. broker (other than a U.S. Controlled Person) generally will not be subject to information 
reporting or backup withholding. However, if the broker is a U.S. Controlled Person, payments on the 
sale, exchange or other disposition of such a security made by such U.S. Controlled Person may be 
subject to information reporting unless the beneficial owner has furnished the broker with documentation 
upon which the broker can rely to treat the payment as made to a beneficial owner that is a foreign person.

--- Page 927 ---
Taxation 
 
921 
 
For purposes of this discussion, a "U.S. Controlled Person" means (i) a U.S. person (as defined in the 
Code, and for this purpose includes a foreign branch or office of such person), (ii) a controlled foreign 
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (iii) a foreign person 50 per cent. or more of whose 
gross income was effectively connected with the conduct of a United States trade or business for a 
specified three-year period, (iv) a foreign partnership, if at any time during its tax year, one or more of 
its partners are U.S. persons who, in the aggregate, hold more than 50 per cent. of the partnership's 
income or capital interest or if, at any time during its tax year, it is engaged in the conduct of a trade or 
business in the United States, or (v) a U.S. branch of a foreign bank or a foreign insurance company. 
Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a credit against the Non-
U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability, and may entitle the Non-U.S. Holder to a refund, provided 
that the required information is furnished to the IRS. 
U.S. Estate Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders 
Generally, absent an applicable treaty benefit, a Security may be treated as U.S. situs property subject to 
U.S. federal estate tax. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal 
estate tax consequences of investing in the Securities. 
FATCA  
General 
Under FATCA, the Issuers may be required to deduct a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on payments 
made to certain Holders or beneficial owners in respect of the Securities. Subject to certain exceptions, 
the withholding tax may apply on payments to (i) a Holder or beneficial owner that is a foreign financial 
institution (an "FFI") (as defined under FATCA) that is not in compliance with applicable reporting and 
withholding obligations (such a Holder or beneficial owner, a "Non-Participating FFI") and (ii) any 
other Holder or beneficial owner that does not comply with the Issuer's or an intermediary's requests for 
ownership certifications and identifying information (such Holder or beneficial owner, a "Recalcitrant 
Holder"). 
JPMSP may also be subject to withholding if it does not comply with the relevant requirements under 
FATCA. In the event JPMSP determines that there is a substantial likelihood that payments made to it 
would be subject to withholding tax under FATCA or if it otherwise determines that there is a substantial 
likelihood that it will violate any requirement of, or an agreement entered into with a taxing authority 
with respect to, FATCA, it is possible that a portion or all Securities of a series issued by JPMSP will be 
redeemed or terminated at the Early Payment Amount. 
Withholding and/or termination under FATCA may also apply to payments made under the relevant 
Guarantee. 
Reporting, Withholding and Potential Redemptions Under FATCA 
Under FATCA, certain payments on U.S. assets and certain payments on non-U.S. assets made to non-
U.S. persons may be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax. Withholding generally applies to payments 
of U.S. source interest, dividends (including payments treated as "dividend equivalents" under Section 
871(m) of the Code) and other passive income. Withholding on "foreign passthru payments" will apply 
no earlier than two years after the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published. Withholding, however, will not apply to payments on certain non-U.S. 
obligations that are outstanding as of the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. 
Treasury regulations addressing "foreign passthru payments" are issued so long as such obligations are 
not treated as reissued after the relevant date (such obligations, "Grandfathered Obligations"). 
Investors should be aware that the effective date for withholding on "foreign passthru payments" above 
reflects proposed U.S. Treasury regulations ("Proposed FATCA Regulations") which delay the 
effective date for withholding on foreign passthru payments. The Proposed FATCA Regulations also 
eliminate FATCA withholding on gross proceeds from, or final payments, redemptions, or other principal 
payments made in respect of, the disposition of an instrument that may produce U.S. source interest or 
dividends ("U.S. Gross Proceeds"). The U.S. Treasury have indicated that taxpayers may rely on the 
Proposed FATCA Regulations until final regulations are issued. The discussion above assumes that the 
Proposed FATCA Regulations will be finalised in their current form and that such final regulations will

--- Page 928 ---
Taxation 
 
922 
 
be effective retroactively. No assurance can be given that the Proposed FATCA Regulations will be 
finalised in their current form or that any such final regulations will be effective retroactively. 
The Netherlands and the United States have signed an intergovernmental agreement ("IGA") for the 
automatic exchange of data between the tax authorities of both countries in relation to the implementation 
of FATCA. Pursuant to the IGA, JPMSP has registered with the IRS to be treated as a deemed compliant 
FFI for FATCA purposes. As a registered deemed compliant FFI, JPMSP should not be subject to the 30 
per cent. FATCA withholding tax, provided that it is not designated as a "nonparticipating FFI" for 
FATCA purposes. The obligations of JPMSP under the IGA and its implementation in Dutch legislation 
include obtaining information from the Holders and/or beneficial owners of Securities and may include 
withholding on payments to Holders and/or beneficial owners of Securities that are not compliant with 
any applicable requirements under FATCA. 
To the extent any payments in respect of Securities are made to a beneficial owner by an intermediary 
financial institution, broker or agent (each, an "Intermediary"), such beneficial owner will be required 
to comply with the Intermediary's requests for identifying information that would permit the Intermediary 
to comply with its own FATCA obligations. 
Any Holder or beneficial owner of Securities that is a "Recalcitrant Holder" or a Non-Participating FFI 
may be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax with respect to payments on the Securities. 
Holders and beneficial owners should also be aware that it may be necessary for JPMSP to redeem 
Recalcitrant Holders or Non-Participating FFIs if such a Holder's or beneficial owner's non-compliance 
may cause the Issuer to be subject to withholding or if the Issuer otherwise determines that there is a 
substantial likelihood that it will violate any requirement of, or an agreement entered into with a taxing 
authority with respect to, FATCA, as described in General Condition 20.3 (Early Redemption or 
Termination for Taxation – FATCA). Any redemption will be at the Early Payment Amount. In addition, 
compliant Holders and beneficial owners may also be subject to the redemption of their Securities in 
such an event, as set out in General Condition 20.3 (Early Redemption or Termination for Taxation - 
FATCA). 
Uncertain Application 
No assurance can be given that the Issuers will be able to take all necessary actions or that actions taken 
will be successful in minimising the impact of FATCA on the Holders or the Issuers. Each potential 
investor in Securities should consult its own tax advisor to determine how FATCA may affect an 
investment in the Securities in such investor's particular circumstance. 
Austria Taxation 
The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Austrian tax 
considerations that may be relevant for the decision to acquire, to hold and to dispose of the Securities 
and does not constitute legal or tax advice. The overview is based on Austrian tax law and practice and 
official interpretation currently in effect, all of which are subject to change. Future legislative, judicial 
or administrative changes could modify the tax treatment described below and could affect the tax 
consequences for investors. Prospective investors should consult their own independent advisers as to 
the implications of their subscribing for, purchasing, holding, exchanging or disposing of the Securities 
under the laws of the jurisdictions in which they may be subject to tax. The discussion of certain Austrian 
taxes set forth below is included for information purposes only. 
This overview of Austrian tax issues is based on the assumption that the Securities are at the time of their 
issuance legally and factually offered in the form of securities to an indefinite number of persons (public 
offer) and do not qualify as equity or units in a non-Austrian investment fund within the meaning of § 
188 of the Austrian Investment Fund Act 2011 (Investmentfondsgesetz 2011, InvFG 2011) for Austrian 
tax purposes. The tax consequences may substantially differ if the Securities are at the time of their 
issuance not legally and factually publicly offered in the form of securities or if the Securities are 
qualified as equity instruments or (in particular if issued by a non-Austrian entity) units in a non-Austrian 
investment fund within the meaning of § 188 InvFG 2011. The Issuer does not assume responsibility for 
withholding tax at source. 
Income tax treatment of Securities

--- Page 929 ---
Taxation 
 
923 
 
Income classification in general 
Income from Securities is generally taxable as income from capital investments (Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen) (i.e. as interest, capital gains or income from derivatives) pursuant to § 27 Austrian 
Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz, EStG). The physical settlement of a Warrant or Security is not 
considered a taxable event if the amount of the received Securities is predefined in the terms and 
conditions. The acquisition cost of the settled Warrants or Securities has to be carried forward as the 
acquisition cost of the received Securities. Additionally received cash payments of up to 10 per cent. of 
the total nominal value of the received Securities reduce the acquisition cost of the received Securities.  
Austrian tax resident individual investors 
In case of an individual investor holding the Securities as private (i.e. non-business) assets, income tax 
is levied at the time the interest, the capital gains or the income from the derivatives is received (i.e. upon 
receipt of a cash payment). 
If interest is paid by a paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) in Austria (e.g. an Austrian credit institution or 
an Austrian issuer) Austrian withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) at a rate of 27.5 per cent. is triggered 
(provided that the Securities are at the time of their issuance both legally and factually publicly offered 
in the form of securities). In relation to capital gains and income from derivatives Austrian withholding 
tax at a rate of 27.5 per cent. is triggered if (i) an Austrian securities depository (depotführende Stelle) 
(e.g. an Austrian credit institution, an Austrian branch of a non-Austrian credit institution or a securities 
firm in the meaning of Sec. 3 Austrian Securities Regulatory Act (Wertpapieraufsichtsgesetz 2018)) is 
involved in the execution of the respective transaction (e.g. if the Securities are deposited with an 
Austrian securities depository) or (ii) in the absence of an Austrian securities depository involved in the 
execution of the respective transaction, if the payment is credited by an Austrian paying agent and the 
non-Austrian securities depository is a non-Austrian branch or group company of such Austrian paying 
agent and processes the realisation in cooperation with the Austrian paying agent. Such Austrian 
withholding tax is final (i.e., the investor does not have to include such income in the income tax return). 
In the absence of an Austrian paying agent or securities depository (i.e. if no Austrian withholding tax is 
deducted), the investor must include interest, capital gains or income from derivatives (e.g. in case of 
Warrants or Certificates) in the income tax return and such income is taxed at a rate of 27.5 per cent. 
unless a Liechtenstein paying agent (Zahlstelle, within the meaning of Art 2(1)(e) of the bilateral Treaty 
between the Republic of Austria and the Principality of Liechtenstein on Cooperation in the Area of 
Taxation (in force since 1 January 2014)), which has been set up no later than 31 December 2016 has 
withheld final withholding tax under the Liechtenstein withholding tax act implementing the treaty. Such 
final withholding tax discharges the investor's Austrian income tax liability. If realised as business 
income or employment income, capital gains and income from derivatives need to be included in the 
income tax return in any case.  
The 27.5 per cent. (Austrian withholding) tax rate is subject to the relevant Securities being at the time 
of their issuance both legally and factually publicly offered. An investor may opt for taxation at the 
progressive income tax rate of up to 55 per cent. (so-called option for regular taxation, 
Regelbesteuerungsoption). However, the option may not be exercised for particular interest payments 
from the Securities only. Rather, if this option is exercised, the individual's regular progressive income 
tax rate will apply to any other income from capital investments which would otherwise be subject to the 
special 27.5 per cent. (including but not limited to any capital gains realised upon the sale of stocks or 
bonds, dividends or income from derivatives) or 25 per cent. tax rate (i.e. interest income from savings 
accounts or other non-securitised debt claims against credit institutions). Whether the use of the option 
is beneficial from a tax perspective should be determined by consulting a tax advisor. Expenses that are 
directly economically connected to income from the Securities, e.g., interest expenses from third-party 
financing or banking fees, are not deductible for income tax purposes (which also applies in the case of 
the exercise of the option for regular taxation). 
Withdrawals and other transfers of Securities from the securities account (Entnahmen und sonstiges 
Ausscheiden aus dem Depot) are in general deemed as a disposal of the Securities resulting in taxation 
of any unrealised capital gains in the Securities. 
As an exception to this general rule, withdrawals and other transfers of Securities from the securities 
account are not treated as taxable disposals (sales), if Austria's taxation right with respect to the Securities 
is not being restricted and if specified exemptions pursuant to § 27(6)(2) EStG will be fulfilled, such as

--- Page 930 ---
Taxation 
 
924 
 
(a) the transfer of the Securities to a securities account owned by the same taxpayer with the same 
securities depository (bank), (b) the transfer of the Securities to a securities account owned by the same 
taxpayer with an Austrian securities depository (bank) if the account holder has instructed the transferring 
securities depository to disclose the acquisition costs to the receiving securities depository, (c) the 
transfer of the Securities from an Austrian securities depository to a securities account owned by the 
same taxpayer with a non-Austrian securities depository (bank) provided that the account holder has 
instructed the transferring securities depository to transmit the pertaining information to the competent 
Austrian tax office within one month, (d) the transfer from a non-Austrian securities depository to a 
securities account owned by the same taxpayer with another non-Austrian securities depository (bank) 
provided that the taxpayer has himself notified the competent Austrian tax office within a month, (e) the 
transfer without consideration to a securities account held by another taxpayer, if the fact that the transfer 
has been made without consideration has been evidenced to the securities depository or if the securities 
depository has been instructed by the taxpayer to inform the Austrian tax office thereof within a month, 
or (f) the transfer of the Securities in the course of a restructuring measure (Umgründung) under the 
Austrian Reorganisation Tax Act (Umgründungssteuergesetz, UmGrStG) if the account holder has 
instructed the securities depository to disclose the relevant information to the competent Austrian tax 
office within one month. In the case of a transfer of the Securities from a non-Austrian securities 
depository to a different depot, the taxpayer has to notify the competent Austrian tax office himself. 
Furthermore, the transfer of the investor's tax residence or deposit account outside of Austria, the transfer 
of the Securities to a non-resident for no consideration or any other circumstances which lead to a 
restriction of Austria's taxing right with respect to the Securities are in general deemed as disposal of the 
Securities resulting in the taxation of any unrealised capital gains inherent in the Securities (exit taxation). 
Upon application of the taxpayer, the assessment of exit taxation of the Securities held as private assets 
can be deferred until the actual disposal of the Securities in case the investor transfers his or her tax 
residence outside of Austria to an EU Member State or a member state of the European Economic Area 
or transfers the Securities for no consideration to another individual resident in an EU Member State or 
a member state of the European Economic Area. In all other cases leading to a restriction of Austria's 
taxation right in respect of the Securities vis-à-vis an EU Member State or a member state of the European 
Economic Area the taxpayer may apply for a payment of the triggered income tax in instalments over a 
period of five years. In the event that the Securities represent current business assets (Umlaufvermögen), 
a payment period of two years applies instead. 
An investor may file an application to offset losses from the Securities in the course of the tax assessment, 
however, limitations apply pursuant to which negative income from the alienation of Securities or from 
derivatives may not be set-off against interest income from savings accounts or other non-securitised 
debt claims against credit institutions (except for manufactured payments and lending fees), from 
participations as a silent partner or distributions effected by foundations within the meaning of § 27(5)(7) 
EStG. Further, losses from Securities that qualify for the 27.5 per cent. tax rate may not be offset against 
income subject to the progressive income tax rate, e.g. income from securities that were at the time of 
their issuance legally or factually not publicly offered. In addition, losses may not be offset against any 
income from other income categories (Einkunftsarten). These restrictions equally apply in case of an 
exercise of the option for regular taxation. Furthermore, losses from the sale of the Securities held as 
private assets may not be carried forward to subsequent years. Austrian securities depositories are obliged 
to automatically offset losses pursuant to § 93(6) EStG (subject to certain exemptions). 
Austrian private foundations 
Private foundations pursuant to the Austrian Private Foundations Act (Privatstiftungsgesetz) fulfilling 
the prerequisites provided by § 13(6) Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act (Körperschaftsteuergesetz, 
KStG) and holding Securities as a non-business asset are subject to interim taxation at a rate of 23 per 
cent. with interest income, income from realised capital gains and income from derivatives (the income 
subject to interim taxation is reduced by the amount of distributions by the private foundation to 
beneficiaries to the extent that Austrian withholding tax was levied on such distributions). According to 
the wording of the statute, interest income from Securities that are at the time of their issuance not legally 
and factually publicly offered is not subject to interim taxation but rather to corporate income tax at a 
rate of 23 per cent.. Under the conditions set forth in § 94(12) EStG no Austrian withholding tax is levied 
on the interest income, income from realised capital gains and income from derivatives generated in 
connection with the Securities. 
Austrian tax resident corporate investors

--- Page 931 ---
Taxation 
 
925 
 
A corporation subject to unlimited corporate income tax liability in Austria will be subject to Austrian 
corporate income tax at a rate of 23 per cent.. If the requirements for Austrian withholding tax (see 
already the section "Austrian tax resident individual investors" above) are met, corporate investors are 
equally subject to Austrian withholding tax. In case of corporations (within the meaning of § 1(1) KStG) 
receiving income from the Securities, the Austrian paying agent or securities depository shall be entitled 
to withhold Austrian withholding tax at a rate of only 23 per cent. instead of the general Austrian 
withholding tax rate of 27.5 per cent.. The Austrian withholding tax may be triggered but is creditable 
against the corporate investor's Austrian corporate income tax liability or, if and to the extent it exceeds 
such corporate income tax liability, refundable. A corporation may file an exemption declaration 
pursuant to the requirements set forth in § 94(5) EStG in order to avoid that Austrian withholding tax is 
levied. 
Non-Austrian tax resident investors 
Pursuant to § 98 EStG, non-Austrian resident individuals are not subject to Austrian limited income tax 
liability on interest income, income from realised capital gains and income from derivatives received for 
tax purposes from the Securities provided that (i) the respective income is not attributable to an Austrian 
located permanent establishment of the recipient and not received as part of taxable employment income, 
and (ii) only with regard to interest income (including accrued interest), the debtor has its domicile, seat 
and place of effective management outside of Austria and is not an Austrian branch of a non-Austrian 
credit institution and the underlying financial instrument has not been issued by an Austrian issuer. 
Furthermore, interest income received by non-Austrian resident individuals that are resident in a state 
with which an automatic exchange of information is in place is only taxable in Austria if the respective 
interest income is attributable to a permanent establishment in Austria or if received as part of taxable 
employment income. 
Non-Austrian resident corporate investors are, under § 21 KStG in connection with § 98 EStG, not 
subject to Austrian corporate income tax liability on interest income, income from realised capital gains 
and income from derivatives received for tax purposes from the Securities provided that the respective 
income is not attributable to an Austrian located permanent establishment. 
An Austrian paying agent or securities depository may abstain from levying 27.5 per cent. Austrian 
withholding tax under § 94(5) and/or (13) EStG. If any Austrian withholding tax is deducted by an 
Austrian paying agent or securities depository on income received by a non-resident investor not subject 
to limited Austrian (corporate) income tax liability, the non-resident investor can apply for a refund by 
filing an application with the competent Austrian tax authority (within five calendar years following the 
year of the imposition of the Austrian withholding tax). 
Where non-residents receive income from the Securities as part of business income taxable in Austria 
(e.g. due to the attribution to an Austrian located permanent establishment), they will, in general, be 
subject to the same tax treatment as resident investors. 
Austrian Stamp and Transfer Taxes 
The subscription, issue, placement, allotment, delivery or transfer (unless by way of a cession) of a 
Security will not be subject to stamp tax, transfer tax or any other similar tax or duty payable in Austria. 
Austrian Gift, Inheritance and Wealth Taxes 
Austria does not levy any gift, inheritance or wealth taxes. 
However, certain gratuitous transfers of assets to (Austrian or foreign) private law foundations and 
comparable legal estates (privatrechtliche Stiftungen und damit vergleichbare Vermögensmassen) are 
subject to foundation entrance tax (Stiftungseingangssteuer) pursuant to the Austrian Foundation 
Entrance Tax Act (Stiftungseingangssteuergesetz, StiftEG). Such tax is triggered if the transferor and/or 
the transferee at the time of transfer have their domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat or their 
place of effective management in Austria. The tax basis is the fair market value of the assets transferred 
minus any debts, calculated at the time of transfer. The tax rate is in general 2.5 per cent., with a higher 
rate of 25 per cent. applying in special cases. 
In addition, a special notification obligation exists for gifts of money, receivables, shares in corporations, 
participations in partnerships, businesses, movable tangible assets and intangibles. The notification

--- Page 932 ---
Taxation 
 
926 
 
obligation applies if the donor and/or the donee have a domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat or 
their place of effective management in Austria. Not all gifts are covered by the notification obligation: 
In case of gifts to certain related parties, a threshold of € 50,000 per year applies; in all other cases, a 
notification is obligatory if the value of gifts made exceeds an amount of € 15,000 during a period of five 
years. Furthermore, gratuitous transfers to foundations falling under the StiftEG described above are also 
exempt from the notification obligation. Intentional violation of the notification obligation may lead to 
the levying of penalties of up to 10 per cent. of the fair market value of the assets transferred. 
Belgium Taxation 
The following overview describes the principal Belgian tax considerations with respect to the holding of 
the Securities.  
This information is of a general nature and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all 
Belgian tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, to hold or to dispose of the 
Securities. In some cases, different rules can be applicable. Furthermore, the tax rules can be amended 
in the future, possibly implemented with retroactive effect, and the interpretation of the tax rules may 
change.  
This overview is based on Belgian tax legislation, treaties, rules, and administrative interpretations and 
similar documentation, in force as of the date of the publication of this Base Prospectus, without 
prejudice to any amendments introduced at a later date, even if implemented with retroactive effect. 
Unless otherwise stated herein, this overview does not describe the tax consequences for a holder of 
Securities that are redeemable in exchange for, or convertible into assets, of the exercise, settlement or 
redemption of such Securities or any tax consequences after the moment of exercise, settlement or 
redemption. 
Each prospective holder of Securities should consult a professional adviser with respect to the tax 
consequences of an investment in the Securities, taking into account the influence of each regional, local 
or federal law. 
Belgian tax regime regarding Notes and Certificates 
Belgian withholding tax and income tax treatment 
 
Tax treatment of Belgian resident individuals 
Individuals who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. individuals subject to the Belgian individual 
income tax ("Personenbelasting" / "Impôt des personnes physiques"), and who hold the Notes and/or 
Certificates as a private investment are subject to the following tax treatment in Belgium with respect to 
the Notes and/or Certificates. Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals holding the Notes 
and/or Certificates not as a private investment but in the framework of their professional activity or when 
the transactions with respect to the Notes and/or Certificates fall outside the scope of the normal 
management of their own private estate or have a speculative character.  
Under Belgian tax law, "interest" income includes: (i) periodic interest income, (ii) any amount paid by 
the Issuer in excess of the Issue Price (whether or not on the Maturity Date), and (iii) if the Notes and/or 
Certificates qualify as "fixed income securities" (in the meaning of article 2, §1, 8° Belgian Income Tax 
Code), in the case of a realisation of the Notes and/or Certificates prior to repurchase or redemption by 
the Issuer, the income equal to the pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to the holding period. In 
general, Notes and/or Certificates are qualified as fixed income securities if there is a causal link between 
the amount of interest income and the detention period of the Notes and/or Certificates, on the basis of 
which it is possible to calculate the amount of pro rata interest income at the moment of the sale of the 
Notes and/or Certificates during their lifetime. In addition, based on its circular letter of 25 January 2013 
on the tax treatment of income of structured securities, the Belgian Tax Administration is of the opinion 
that securities with a return linked to one or more underlying reference assets, such as a basket of shares, 
a share index, etc., should also be considered as fixed income securities. 
Payments of interest on the Notes and/or Certificates as referred to under (i) and (ii) above made through 
a paying agent or other financial intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. 
withholding tax in Belgium (calculated on the interest received after deduction of any non-Belgian

--- Page 933 ---
Taxation 
 
927 
 
withholding taxes). The Belgian withholding tax constitutes in principle the final income tax for Belgian 
resident individuals, who do not have to report the interest income in their personal income tax return 
provided the withholding tax was effectively levied, save where declaring the interest and crediting the 
retained withholding tax would be more beneficial from a tax perspective.  
If the interest is paid outside of Belgium without the intervention of a paying agent or other financial 
intermediary in Belgium or if otherwise no withholding tax is levied, the interest received on the Notes 
and/or Certificates (after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding tax) must be declared in the personal 
income tax return of the holder of Notes and/or Certificates and will in principle be taxed at a flat rate of 
30 per cent. 
Capital gains realised upon the sale of the Notes and/or Certificates are in principle tax exempt, unless 
the capital gains are realised outside the scope of the normal management of one's private estate or are 
speculative in nature or unless and to the extent the capital gains qualify as interest (as defined above). 
Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
 
Tax treatment of Belgian resident corporations 
Corporations that are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e., corporations subject to Belgian corporate 
income tax ("Vennootschapsbelasting" / "Impôt des sociétés"), are subject to the following tax treatment 
in Belgium with respect to the Notes and/or Certificates.  
Interest derived by Belgian corporate investors on the Notes and/or Certificates and capital gains realised 
on the Notes and/or Certificates will be subject to Belgian corporate income tax at the ordinary rate of 
25 per cent. Small and medium-sized companies are taxable – subject to conditions – at a reduced 
corporate tax rate of 20 per cent. for the first EUR 100,000 of taxable profits. Capital losses on the Notes 
and/or Certificates are in principle tax deductible. 
Payments of interest (as defined in (i) and (ii) of the section "Tax treatment of Belgian resident 
individuals") on the Notes and/or Certificates made through a paying agent or other financial 
intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium 
(calculated on the interest received after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding taxes). However, the 
interest can under certain circumstances be exempt from withholding tax, provided a special certificate 
is delivered. The Belgian withholding tax that has been levied is creditable and refundable in accordance 
with the applicable legal provisions. Any non-Belgian withholding tax could form the object of a Belgian 
foreign tax credit. 
 
Tax treatment of Organisations for Financing Pensions 
Belgian pension fund entities that have the form of an Organisation for Financing Pensions ("OFP") are 
in general subject to Belgian corporate income tax ("Vennootschapsbelasting" / "Impôt des sociétés"). 
OFPs are subject to the following tax treatment in Belgium with respect to the Notes and/or Certificates. 
Interest derived on the Notes and/or Certificates and capital gains realised on the Notes and/or 
Certificates will not be subject to Belgian corporate income tax in the hands of OFPs. Any Belgian 
withholding tax that has been levied is creditable and refundable in accordance with the applicable legal 
provisions. Capital losses on the Notes and/or Certificates are in principle not tax deductible. 
 
Tax treatment of other Belgian legal entities 
Legal entities that are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. that are subject to the Belgian tax on legal 
entities ("Rechtspersonenbelasting" / "Impôt des personnes morales"), are subject to the following tax 
treatment in Belgium with respect to the Notes and/or Certificates.  
Payments of interest (as defined in (i) and (ii) of the section "Tax treatment of Belgian resident 
individuals") on the Notes and/or Certificates made through a paying agent or other financial 
intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium and no 
further tax on legal entities will be due on the interest. 
However, if the interest is paid outside of Belgium, i.e. without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent 
or other financial intermediary and without deduction of the Belgian withholding tax, or if otherwise no

--- Page 934 ---
Taxation 
 
928 
 
Belgian withholding tax is levied, the legal entity itself is liable for the payment of the Belgian 30 per 
cent. withholding tax. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes and/or Certificates are in principle tax exempt, unless and 
to the extent the capital gain qualifies as interest (as defined in the section entitled "Tax treatment of 
Belgian resident individuals"). Capital losses on the Notes and/or Certificates are in principle not tax 
deductible.  
 
Tax treatment of Belgian non-residents 
The interest income on the Notes and/or Certificates paid to a Belgian non-resident outside of Belgium, 
i.e. without the intervention of a paying agent or other financial intermediary in Belgium, is not subject 
to Belgian withholding tax. 
Interest income on the Notes and/or Certificates paid through a Belgian paying agent or other financial 
intermediary will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. Belgian withholding tax, unless the holder is 
resident in a country with which Belgium has concluded a double taxation agreement which is in force 
and delivers the requested affidavit. 
Non-resident holders that have not allocated the Notes and/or Certificates to business activities in 
Belgium can also obtain an exemption from Belgian withholding tax on interest if the interest is paid 
through a Belgian credit institution, a Belgian stock broker company or a licensed Belgian clearing or 
settlement institution and provided that the non-resident (i) is the full legal owner or usufructor of the 
Notes and/or Certificates, (ii) has not allocated the Notes and/or Certificates to business activities in 
Belgium and (iii) delivers an affidavit confirming his non-resident status and the fulfilment of conditions 
(i) and (ii). 
Non-resident holders using the Notes and/or Certificates to exercise a professional activity in Belgium 
through a permanent establishment are subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian resident corporations 
(see above).  
Non-resident holders who do not allocate the Notes and/or Certificates to a professional activity in 
Belgium are not subject to Belgian income tax, save, as the case may be, in the form of withholding tax.  
Belgian tax regime regarding Warrants 
Investors are in principle subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Warrants. Other rules 
can be applicable in special situations, such as when the return on the underlying is fixed in advance, in 
which case the holders of the Warrants may be subject to the tax regime applicable to the Notes and 
Certificates. 
This overview does not address the tax consequences after the moment of exercise, settlement or 
redemption of the Warrants. 
Belgian withholding tax and income tax treatment 
 
Tax treatment of Belgian resident individuals 
Individuals who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. individuals subject to the Belgian individual 
income tax ("Personenbelasting" / "Impôt des personnes physiques"), and who hold the Warrants as a 
private investment, are in principle subject to the following tax treatment in Belgium with respect to 
Warrants.  
Private individual investors are in principle not liable to income tax on gains realised on the disposal or 
settlement of Warrants held as a private investment, unless and to the extent that the gain qualifies as 
interest income. Losses are not tax deductible. 
Other tax rules may be applicable with respect to Warrants that are held for professional purposes and 
transactions with Warrants falling outside the scope of the normal management of one's own private 
estate or which are speculative in nature. 
 
Tax treatment of Belgian resident corporations

--- Page 935 ---
Taxation 
 
929 
 
Corporations that are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e., corporations subject to Belgian corporate 
income tax ("Vennootschapsbelasting" / "Impôt des sociétés"), are in principle subject to the following 
tax treatment in Belgium with respect to Warrants. Belgian corporations will be subject to the ordinary 
Belgian corporate income tax of 25 per cent. (or 20 per cent. on the first EUR 100,000 of profits for small 
and medium-sized companies, subject to conditions) on the gains realised on the disposal or cash 
settlement of the Warrants. Losses are in principle deductible. However, in the event of a physical 
settlement of assets upon exercise of Warrants, Belgian corporations in principle have to record the assets 
received upon exercise at a value equal to the premium paid for the Warrants increased with the strike 
price of the Warrants.  
 
Tax treatment of Organisations for Financing Pensions 
Belgian pension fund entities that have the form of an OFP are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
("Vennootschapsbelasting" / "Impôt des sociétés"). OFPs are in principle subject to the following tax 
treatment in Belgium with respect to Warrants. 
Belgian OFPs are not liable for income tax on gains realised on the disposal or settlement of the Warrants. 
 
Tax treatment of other Belgian legal entities 
Legal entities that are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. that are subject to the Belgian tax on legal 
entities ("Rechtspersonenbelasting" / "Impôt des personnes morales"), are in principle subject to the 
following tax treatment in Belgium with respect to Warrants. 
Belgian legal entities are in principle not liable to income tax on gains realised on the disposal or 
settlement of the Warrants, unless and to the extent that the gain qualifies as interest. Losses are not tax 
deductible. 
 
Tax treatment of Belgian non-residents 
Non-resident Warrant holders who do not allocate the Warrants to a professional activity in Belgium are 
in principle not subject to Belgian income tax on gains realised on the disposal or settlement of the 
Warrants. 
Non-residents who hold the Warrants in exercise of a professional activity in Belgium through a 
permanent establishment are subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian residents.  
Stock exchange tax and tax on repurchase transactions 
A stock exchange tax ("Taks op de beursverrichtingen" / "Taxe sur les operations de bourse") is levied 
on the purchase and sale in Belgium of the Securities on a secondary market through a professional 
intermediary. A transaction is deemed to take place in Belgium if the order is transmitted directly or 
indirectly to an intermediary established outside of Belgium by a physical person with normal residence 
in Belgium or by a legal person on behalf of a seat or establishment located in Belgium. 
The rate applicable for secondary sales and purchases in Belgium through a professional intermediary is 
0.35 per cent., with a maximum amount of EUR 1,600 per transaction and per party. The tax rate is 0.12 
per cent. for bonds and similar debt instruments, with a maximum of EUR 1,300 per transaction and per 
party. A separate tax is due from each of the seller and the purchaser, both collected by the professional 
intermediary.  
However, the tax on stock exchange transactions referred to above will not be payable by certain exempt 
persons acting for their own account, including non-residents (subject to certain formalities) and certain 
Belgian institutional investors, as defined in Article 126-1.2 of the Code of various duties and taxes 
("Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen" / "Code des droits et taxes divers"). 
The Law of 17 February 2021 (see below under "Annual tax on securities accounts") introduced a general 
anti-abuse provision in the Code of various duties and taxes with effect from 26 February 2021.

--- Page 936 ---
Taxation 
 
930 
 
Annual tax on securities accounts 
The Law of 17 February 2021 introduced an annual tax on securities accounts. An annual tax of 0.15% 
will be levied on securities accounts of which the average value of the taxable financial instruments 
(covering, amongst others, financial instruments such as bonds, notes and warrants) held thereon during 
a reference period of twelve consecutive months (in principle) starting on 1 October and ending on 30 
September of the subsequent year, would exceed EUR 1 million. The tax base will be established by 
reference to four reference dates, i.e. 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September. The amount 
of the tax due will be limited to 10% of the difference between said average value of the taxable financial 
instruments and the threshold of EUR 1 million. The tax will target securities accounts held by resident 
individuals, companies and other legal entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a 
financial intermediary which is incorporated or established in Belgium or abroad. The tax will also apply 
to securities accounts held by non-resident individuals, companies and other legal entities with a financial 
intermediary incorporated or established in Belgium. There are various exemptions, such as securities 
accounts held by specific types of regulated entities for their own account. 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank and 
foreign central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in Article 
198/1, §6, 12° of the Belgian Income Tax Code, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm as defined 
by Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions and 
stockbroking firms and (iv) the investment companies as defined by Article 3, §1 of the Law of 25 
October 2016 on access to the activity of investment services and on the legal status and supervision of 
portfolio management and investment advice companies, which are, pursuant to national law, admitted 
to hold financial instruments for the account of clients. 
A Belgian intermediary is an intermediary incorporated under Belgian law, as well as an intermediary 
established in Belgium. A Belgian intermediary withholds, declares and pays the tax to the Belgian 
treasury. In all other cases, the holder of the securities account must declare and pay the tax, unless 
evidence of the fact that the tax was already declared and paid by an intermediary incorporated or 
established in Belgium or not.  
Intermediaries not incorporated or established in Belgium can appoint a responsible representative 
established in Belgium, who will be jointly and severally liable for the declaration and payment of the 
tax and for all other formalities. 
The specific anti-abuse provision covering certain transactions regarding securities accounts executed as 
from 30 October 2020, i.e. splitting of a securities account in multiple securities accounts held with the 
same intermediary and the conversion of taxable financial instruments held in a securities account in 
financial instruments in registered form, was annulled by the Belgian Constitutional Court in its decision 
of 27 October 2022. In addition, the date of entry into force of the general anti-abuse provision of the 
Code of various duties and taxes in respect of the annual tax, i.e. 30 October 2020, was also annulled by 
the Constitutional Court in the same decision. 
The Law of 17 February 2021 entered into force on 26 February 2021, i.e. the day following its 
publication on the Belgian State Gazette. 
Estate and gift tax 
 
Individuals resident in Belgium 
An estate tax is levied on the value of the Securities transferred as part of a Belgian resident's estate. 
Gifts of Securities in Belgium are subject to gift tax, unless the gift is made by way of a purely physical 
delivery of bearer Securities (if any) or otherwise without written evidence of the gift being submitted to 
the Belgian Tax Administration. However, estate taxes on donated Securities are not due if a person can 
demonstrate that the gift occurred more than three years preceding the death of the grantor (five years in 
the Walloon and Brussels Region). 
 
Individuals not resident in Belgium 
There is no Belgian estate tax on the transfer of Securities on the death of a Belgian non-resident. Gifts 
of Securities in Belgium are subject to gift tax, unless the gift is made by way of a purely physical delivery

--- Page 937 ---
Taxation 
 
931 
 
of bearer Securities (if any) or otherwise without written evidence of the gift being submitted to the 
Belgian Tax Administration. 
Republic of France Taxation 
The following is a summary of certain material French tax considerations relating to Securities issued 
to Holders resident in or otherwise subject to tax in France or Securities held through a Paying Agent 
or custodian located in France. 
This information is of a general nature and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all 
French tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, to hold and to dispose of the 
Notes, Certificates and Warrants. In some cases, different rules can be applicable, depending, in 
particular, on the characterisation of the Securities for French tax purposes or on the purchaser's 
specific circumstances. The comments below only apply to Holders that are the beneficial owners of the 
Securities who acquire and hold the Securities as an investment and do not apply to dealers in Securities. 
This summary does not describe the French tax consequences, for a holder of Securities that are subject 
to a physical settlement, of the acquisition, holding or disposal of the assets delivered at time of 
settlement. 
This summary is based on the French tax legislation, treaties, rules, and administrative interpretations 
and similar documentation, in force as at the date of this document, without prejudice to any amendments 
introduced at a later date, even if implemented with retroactive effect. 
Each potential Holder of a Note, a Certificate or a Warrant should consult a professional adviser with 
respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes, Certificates and Warrants, taking account 
in particular of the potential Holder's own individual situation and the characteristics of the relevant 
Securities. 
French Withholding tax 
All payments of interest and redemption premium made under the Securities should be free of 
withholding tax in France, as long as the Issuer is not incorporated or otherwise acting through a French 
permanent establishment. 
Individuals resident in France: French Income and Capital Gains Tax  
Investment in Notes and Certificates (other than Certificates which would be classified as Warrants 
for French tax purposes) 
Taxation of interest payments and redemption premium (Prime de remboursement) 
Interest and redemption premiums paid to an individual are in principle subject to a 30 per cent. flat tax 
composed of social contributions levied at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. and individual income tax 
at a rate of 12.8 per cent. This income would also be included in the "reference income" on which the 
contribution exceptionnelle sur les hauts revenus would apply (see below). 
When the Paying Agent is established in France, it is responsible for withholding and reporting the flat 
tax prepayment no later than the 15th of the month following the payment of interest or redemption 
premium. When the Paying Agent is established outside France, it is in principle not involved in this 
withholding obligation and the taxpayer is responsible for paying the flat tax prepayment and the social 
contributions directly to the French tax authorities no later than the 15th of the month following the 
payment of interest or redemption premium. If the Paying Agent is established in an EU or EEA member 
state, it can however be appointed by the taxpayer to do so. However, provided the taxpayer's "reference 
income" of the penultimate year is less than € 25,000 (or € 50,000 for a couple taxed on a joint basis), it 
may be exempted from this flat tax prepayment. 
The interest or redemption premium must be reported by the individual in his annual tax return to be 
filed during the following year for final computation of the income tax. 
If the French taxpayer expressly and irrevocably elects to the progressive individual income tax regime 
on his whole revenues otherwise subject to the flat tax, the above-mentioned 30 per cent. flat tax withheld 
would be regarded as a prepayment and further offset against the individual income tax due by the

--- Page 938 ---
Taxation 
 
932 
 
taxpayer, in which case 6.8 per cent. of the social contributions will be deductible from the taxable 
income of the year of their payment. 
Taxation of gains 
Gains derived from the disposal of Securities classified as Notes or Certificates are subject to a 30 per 
cent. flat tax composed of social contributions levied at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. and individual 
income tax at a rate of 12.8 per cent. This income would also be included in the "reference income" on 
which the contribution exceptionnelle sur les hauts revenus would apply (see below). 
A French taxpayer may however expressly, annually and irrevocably in his tax return elect to the 
progressive individual income tax regime on his whole revenues otherwise subject to the 30 per cent. flat 
tax (in which case 6.8 per cent. of the social contributions will be deductible from the taxable income of 
the year of their payment). 
If the Holder sells Notes or Certificates at a loss, such loss must be exclusively offset against capital 
gains of the same nature during the year of the loss if any or of the ten following years, subject to filing 
obligations. 
The Notes and the Certificates are not eligible for the plan d'épargne en actions ("PEA"). 
Investment in Warrants 
Profits realised by non-professional individuals from the sale or exercise of Warrants ("bons d'options" 
or assimilated instruments) are subject to a 30 per cent. flat tax composed of social contributions of 17.2 
per cent. and individual income tax at a rate of 12.8 per cent. The contribution exceptionnelle sur les 
hauts revenus could also apply (see below). 
Losses must be exclusively set off against profits of the same nature realised during the year if any, or 
during one of the ten following years provided the individual does not act on an habitual basis. 
A French taxpayer may however expressly, annually and irrevocably in his tax return elect to the 
progressive individual income tax regime on his whole revenues otherwise subject to the 30 per cent. flat 
tax (in which case 6.8 per cent. of the social contributions will be deductible from the taxable income of 
the year of their payment). 
The Warrants are not eligible for the plan d'épargne en actions (PEA). 
Contribution exceptionnelle sur les hauts revenus 
An exceptional contribution could be applicable to Holders. This tax takes the form of a levy equal to 3 
per cent. of the fraction of the "reference" income above € 250,000 (or € 500,000 for a couple taxed on 
a joint basis) and 4 per cent. on "reference" income over € 500,000 (€ 1,000,000 for a couple). The 
contribution is levied on the "reference" income for the tax year in question, which would include income 
and gains realised in relation to the Notes, Certificates and Warrants. 
Holders subject to French corporate income tax 
Income or gains in relation to the Securities are subject to corporate income tax at the standard rate (or 
the reduced rates applicable to small and medium-sized companies where the relevant conditions are 
met), to which a 3.3 per cent. surtax is added (for companies which turnover exceeds € 7,630,000, the 
surtax applying to the portion of corporate income tax charge exceeding € 763,000). The standard rate 
applicable is equal to 25 per cent. Losses are in principle treated as ordinary losses which may be set off 
against operational profits and any remaining balance carried forward in accordance with standard rules 
(i.e. unlimited carry forward, in principle, it being noted however that carry forward losses can only be 
offset against profits of a given year up to an amount of € 1,000,000 plus 50 per cent. of the taxable profit 
of that year). 
Interest payments are taxed on an accruals basis. Any redemption premium would be taxable upon receipt 
unless the estimated value of the redemption premium exceeds 10 per cent. of the purchase value of the 
instrument and the issue price is less than 90 per cent. of the estimated redemption value, in which case

--- Page 939 ---
Taxation 
 
933 
 
the taxation of this premium would be spread over the life of the instrument according to article 238 
septies E of the French tax code.  
The timing of recognition of income, gains or losses in relation to the holding or disposal of the Securities 
may vary, depending on the characteristics of the Securities. 
Investors residing abroad 
In principle, income or gains derived from the Securities by non-resident individuals or companies are 
not subject to taxation in France, provided that the Securities are not booked in a permanent establishment 
or a fixed base they have in France.  
Transfer tax 
Subscription or transfers of the Securities would not be subject to transfer tax or stamp duty in France.  
Transfer tax and other taxes 
The following may be relevant in connection with Securities which are settled or redeemed by way of 
physical delivery of shares issued by a French company (or certain assimilated securities): 
(a) 
the disposal of shares issued by a French company for consideration is, in principle, subject to 
a 0.1 per cent. transfer tax (the "French Transfer Tax"), except in the case of shares listed on 
a recognised stock exchange (unless the transfer of the shares listed is evidenced by a written 
deed or agreement); 
(b) 
a financial transaction tax (the "French Financial Transaction Tax") is imposed, subject to 
certain exceptions, on certain acquisitions of shares issued by a French company (or certain 
assimilated securities) which are listed on a recognised stock exchange where the relevant 
issuer's stock market capitalisation exceeds EUR 1 billion on 1st December of the previous 
calendar year. The French Financial Transaction Tax rate is 0.3 per cent. of the acquisition price 
of the transaction; and 
(c) 
if the French Financial Transaction Tax applies to a transaction, an exemption in respect of the 
French Transfer Tax is applicable. 
Gift and Inheritance Taxes 
French gift or inheritance taxes would not be levied on the transfer of a Security by way of gift by, or on 
the death of, a Holder, unless, subject to applicable double tax treaty provisions: 
(a) 
the Holder is resident of France; or 
(b) 
the beneficiary is resident of France and has been so resident for at least six years over the ten 
preceding years; or 
(c) 
if both the Holder and the beneficiary are residents outside of France, the transferred assets are 
located in France. 
Assets regarded as located in France would include receivables over a debtor which is established in 
France. 
Applicable brackets and rates vary depending in particular on the relationships between the individuals 
concerned. 
Real Estate Wealth Tax applicable to Individuals 
The value of the Securities at 1 January of each year will, in general and subject to applicable double tax 
treaty provisions or specific rules in relation to new residents, not be included in the French resident 
Holder's taxable assets to the extent the Securities do not represent shares or other securities giving access 
to a portion of the share capital of a company whose assets are composed of real estate assets or property 
rights.

--- Page 940 ---
Taxation 
 
934 
 
Paying Agent or Custodian located in the Republic of France 
Withholding obligation 
Where the Paying Agent is established in France, it is responsible for withholding and reporting the flat 
tax prepayment on interest and redemption premiums on the Securities no later than the 15th of the month 
following the payment of interest or redemption premium (see above - "Individuals resident in France: 
French Income and Capital Gains Tax – Investment in Notes and Certificates"). 
Germany Taxation 
The following discussion is an overview of certain material German tax considerations relating to (i) 
Securities issued by any of the Issuers in particular where the Holder is tax resident in Germany or has 
a tax presence in Germany or (ii) Securities held through a disbursing agent located in Germany. It is 
based on the laws in force on the date of this Base Prospectus, of general nature only and neither intended 
as, nor to be understood as, legal or tax advice. Any information given hereafter reflects the opinion of 
the Issuer and must not be misunderstood as a representation or guarantee with regard to potential tax 
consequences. Further, each Issuer advises that the tax consequences depend on the individual facts and 
circumstances at the level of the investor and may be subject to future changes in law. 
German tax resident private investors 
General 
Interest payments on Securities held by German resident private investors (i.e. private individuals whose 
residence or habitual abode is located in Germany) are generally subject to income tax at a flat tax rate 
of 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax). Interest 
payments made in a currency other than euro have to be converted into euro upon receipt. 
The flat tax regime also applies to capital gains from the sale or redemption of the Securities held by 
German resident private investors. Losses from the sale or redemption of the Securities can only be offset 
against other investment income within the meaning of the flat tax regime. In the event that an off-set is 
not possible in the assessment period in which the losses have been realised, such losses will be carried 
forward into future assessment periods only and can be off-set against investment income generated in 
future assessment periods. 
Capital gains and losses are determined by the difference between the sales/redemption proceeds after 
the deduction of expenses directly connected to the sale/redemption and the acquisition costs of the 
Securities. If the Securities are denominated in a currency other than euro, the sales/redemption proceeds 
and the acquisition costs have to be converted into euro on the basis of the foreign exchange rates 
prevailing on the sale or redemption date and the acquisition date respectively. 
Gains from the redemption of the Securities could even be subject to the flat tax regime where the 
Securities provide for a partial or exclusive physical settlement. However, if the Securities are redeemed 
against delivery of securities under certain circumstances, the redemption should in principle not result 
in a taxable capital gain or loss, as in this case the acquisition costs of the Securities should be rolled into 
the acquisition costs of the delivered securities.  
The taxation principles outlined above should as a rule also apply to gains from the sale of Securities in 
the form of Warrants and - in the case of a cash settlement - to gains from the exercise of such Warrants. 
The exercise of physically settled Warrants, however, should not result in a taxable gain or loss. The 
acquisition costs of the Warrants (plus the exercise price) should rather be rolled into the acquisition 
costs of the delivered underlyings. 
Losses (i) which stem either from forward transactions under which the taxpayer receives a marginal 
payment or a payment, the amount of which depends upon the value of a variable underlying reference 
value (ii) or which stem from the sale, assignment or redemption of a financial instrument qualifying as 
a forward transaction ("Forward Transaction Losses"), may only be offset up to an annual amount of 
EUR 20,000 with taxable income arising from such forward transactions and taxable option writer 
premiums ("Forward Transaction Income"). Forward Transaction Losses exceeding such annual EUR 
20,000 threshold amount can be carried forward and can be offset up to an annual amount of EUR 20,000 
with future Forward Transaction Income. At the date of this Base Prospectus there exists only limited

--- Page 941 ---
Taxation 
 
935 
 
guidance in relation to the exact scope of the term forward transaction in this context. However, 
according to the recent view of the German Federal Ministry of Finance, cash settled Warrants do not 
qualify as forward transactions and thus the rules regarding Forward Transaction Losses should not be 
applicable to cash settled Warrants. 
Furthermore, losses stemming (i) either from the whole or partial irrecoverability of capital claims, (ii) 
or from the derecognition or writing off of worthless assets, which generally trigger taxable income under 
the flat tax regime, (iii) or from the transfer of such worthless assets to a third party, (iv) or from another 
default stemming from such assets may only be offset with other taxable income falling under the scope 
of the flat tax regime up to an annual amount of EUR 20,000. Losses exceeding such annual amount of 
EUR 20,000 can be carried forward and can be offset in succeeding calendar years up to an annual 
amount of EUR 20,000 with other taxable income falling under the scope of the flat tax regime. 
According to the view of the German Federal Ministry of Finance, this limitation of utilisation of losses 
also applies to losses resulting from the worthless expiry of cash settled Warrants. 
Withholding Tax 
For German resident private investors, the flat tax liability on interest payments on the Securities is 
generally levied by way of withholding tax, provided that the Securities are held in custody with a 
German custodian, who is required to deduct the withholding tax from such interest payments (the 
"Disbursing Agent"). For withholding tax purposes, interest payments made in a currency other than 
euro have to be converted into euro upon receipt. 
Disbursing Agents are German resident credit institutions, financial services institutions (including 
German permanent establishments of foreign institutions) or securities institutions. The applicable 
withholding tax rate is 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and (if applicable) 
church tax). 
The withholding tax regime should also apply to any gains from the sale or redemption of Securities 
realised by private investors holding the Securities in custody with a Disbursing Agent. If the Securities 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, currency gains / losses are also accounted for as gains 
from the sale or redemption of the Securities. In principle, gains from the redemption of the Securities 
are even subject to the withholding tax regime where the Securities provide for a partial or exclusive 
physical settlement. In this case, if the cash amount paid upon redemption (if any) is not sufficient to 
cover the withholding tax due on redemption, the investor in the relevant Securities is obliged to provide 
the Disbursing Agent with sufficient funds to comply with its withholding tax obligations. However, if 
the Securities are redeemed against delivery of securities under certain circumstances, there should in 
principle be no obligation to deduct withholding tax. 
The withholding tax principles outlined above should also apply to gains from the sale of Securities in 
the form of Warrants. In the case of an exercise, however, only cash settled Warrants should be subject 
to the withholding tax regime, whereas the exercise of physically settled Warrants should as a rule not 
result in any withholding tax consequences. 
For private investors, the withholding tax is generally final (i.e. in principle, there will be no further 
income tax liability on investment income from which withholding tax was deducted and the investor is 
not required to declare such income in its tax return). In the case of investment income which is not 
subject to the withholding tax regime, a special flat tax assessment procedure applies, i.e. the private 
investor has to declare the income in its tax return and is taxed at the flat tax rate in accordance with the 
flat tax principles outlined above. This applies mutatis mutandis in the case that church tax (although 
due) is not levied by way of the withholding tax. Finally, the special flat tax assessment procedure applies 
upon request of the investor, provided that further pre-requisites are met. Private investors having a lower 
personal income tax rate may, upon application, also include the investment income in their general 
income tax return to achieve a lower tax rate.  
The Issuer of the Securities – unless it qualifies as Disbursing Agent - should under German law not be 
required to deduct withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) from the proceeds of the investment in the 
Securities. 
German tax resident business investors

--- Page 942 ---
Taxation 
 
936 
 
Interest payments under the Securities and capital gains from the sale or redemption of the Securities are 
subject to income tax or corporate income tax as well as solidarity surcharge (and in the case of 
individuals, if applicable, church tax). In addition, trade tax is levied on such income, if the Securities 
are held as assets of a German business. Losses should (subject to certain restrictions) be tax deductible. 
The withholding tax regime outlined above should apply mutatis mutandis to business investors. 
However, German corporate investors and other investors holding the Securities as assets of a German 
business should in essence not be subject to the withholding tax on gains from the sale/redemption or 
exercise of the Securities (i.e. for these investors only interest payments, but not gains from the sale/ 
redemption or exercise of the Securities are subject to the withholding tax regime). 
Any withholding tax imposed is credited against the investor's (corporate) income tax liability (and the 
solidarity surcharge as well as, if applicable, church tax) in the course of the tax assessment procedure, 
i.e. the withholding tax is not final. Any potential surplus of the withholding tax over the (corporate) 
income tax will be refunded. 
Foreign tax resident investors 
Foreign resident investors should not be taxable in Germany with the interest payments on and the gains 
from the sale or redemption (or, respectively, exercise) of the Securities and no German withholding tax 
should be withheld from such income. This should hold true, even if the Securities are held in custody 
with a German custodian. Exceptions apply, for example, where the Securities are held as business assets 
of a German permanent establishment or trigger for other reasons German taxable source income. 
Treatment under the Investment Tax Act 
The Issuer takes the view that the special provisions of the Investment Tax Act (Investmentsteuergesetz) 
are not applicable to the Securities. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
No inheritance or gift taxes with respect to the Securities will generally arise under German law, if, in 
the case of inheritance tax, neither the decedent nor the beneficiary, or, in the case of gift tax, neither the 
donor nor the donee, is a resident of the Federal Republic of Germany and such Security is not attributable 
to a German trade or business for which a permanent establishment is maintained, or a permanent 
representative has been appointed in the Federal Republic of Germany. Exceptions from this rule apply 
to certain German citizens who previously maintained a residence in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes or duties will be payable in the Federal Republic of Germany 
in connection with the issuance, delivery or execution of the Notes. Currently, wealth tax 
(Vermögensteuer) is not levied in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Investors are recommended to consult their own tax advisors as to the individual tax consequences 
arising from the investment in the Securities. 
Italy Taxation 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which could be made 
on a retroactive basis. The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all 
the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of 
the Securities and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. 
Investors in the Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of the Securities. The following analysis is an overview of certain 
material Italian tax considerations relating to (i) Securities issued by any of the Issuers where the 
investor is tax resident in Italy or the investment is related to an Italian permanent establishment or (ii) 
Securities are deposited with or any payment of interest and proceeds is made through a Paying Agent, 
custodian or intermediary located in Italy.

--- Page 943 ---
Taxation 
 
937 
 
This summary does not describe the tax consequences for an investor with respect to Securities that will 
be redeemed by physical delivery. 
As clarified by the Italian tax authorities in resolution No. 72/E of 12 July 2010, the Italian tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Securities may be different depending on 
whether: 
(a) 
they represent a securitised debt claim, implying a static "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), 
through which the subscriber of the Securities transfers to the Issuer a certain amount of capital 
for the purpose of obtaining a remuneration on the same capital and subject to the right to 
obtain its (partial or entire) reimbursement at maturity; or 
(b) 
they represent a securitised derivative financial instrument or bundle of derivative financial 
instruments not entailing a "use of capital", through which the subscriber of the Securities 
invests indirectly in underlying financial instruments for the purpose of obtaining a profit 
deriving from the negotiation of such underlying financial instruments. 
Italy Taxation of Notes 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 ("Decree 239"), as subsequently amended, provides for the 
applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from Notes falling in the category of 
bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, 
by a non-Italian resident issuer. For this purpose, bonds and debentures similar to bonds are securities 
that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption, an amount not lower than their 
nominal value and which do not grant the holder any direct or indirect right of participation in (or of 
control of) management of the Issuer. 
Otherwise, Notes that do not qualify as debentures similar to bonds are characterised for Italian tax 
purposes as "atypical securities" and as such regulated by Law Decree No. 512 of September 30, 1983. 
Italian resident Holders 
Where the Italian resident Holder of the Notes, who is the beneficial owner of such Notes, is (i) an 
individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are effectively connected, (ii) a 
partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar 
partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities or professional associations, 
(iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, trusts not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities, or (iv) an investor exempt from 
Italian corporate income taxation, then interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes, accrued 
during the relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, 
levied at the rate of 26 per cent. (either when interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the 
holder on a sale of the Notes).  
All the above categories are qualified as "net recipients", (unless they have entrusted the management of 
their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the so called 
"regime del risparmio gestito" (the Asset Management Regime) according to Article 7 of Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 461 of November 21, 1997, as amended and supplemented from time to time 
("Decree No. 461") – see "Capital Gains Tax" below. 
In the event that the Holders described under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity 
to which the Notes are effectively connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. Interest 
will be included in the relevant beneficial owner's Italian income tax return and therefore will be subject 
to Italian ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from 
Italian income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and

--- Page 944 ---
Taxation 
 
938 
 
supplemented from time to time. Pursuant to Law no. 178 of 30 December 2020 ("Law No. 178"), it is 
further provided that Italian resident individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual 
savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from 
a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised in respect 
of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, 
provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to 
subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital 
gains). 
Where an Italian resident Holder of a Note is a company or similar commercial entity or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected and the Notes 
are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income from the Notes will 
not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Holder's income tax return and 
are therefore subject to general Italian corporate income taxation (IRES) (and, in certain circumstances, 
depending on the "status" of the Holder, also to the regional tax on productive activities ("IRAP")).  
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into law 
with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 ("Decree 351"), Law Decree No.78 of 31 May 
2010 converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Article 9, paragraph 1 of Legislative Decree No. 
44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, payments of interest in respect of the Notes made to Italian resident 
real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended and supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and 
Italian real estate investment companies with fixed capital ("Real Estate SICAFs", and, together with 
the Italian resident real estate investment funds, the "Real Estate Funds") are subject neither to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of a Real Estate Fund, but subsequent distributions 
made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding 
tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage 
of participation, income of the Real Estate Fund is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or 
shareholder regardless of distribution. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, an Italian non-
real estate investment company with fixed capital ("SICAF") or an Italian non-real estate investment 
company with variable capital ("SICAV") established in Italy (together the "Fund") and either (i) the 
Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority, and the relevant Notes are 
held by an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income accrued during the holding 
period on the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the management 
results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such results but a substitute tax of 26 per 
cent. (the "Collective Investment Fund Tax") will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made 
in favour of unitholders or shareholders.  
Where an Italian resident Holder of a Note is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 
17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an authorised 
intermediary, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding 
period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio 
accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if 
the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and supplemented from time to time.  
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Italian investment companies (società 
di intermediazione mobiliare) (SIMs), fiduciary companies, Italian asset management companies 
(società di gestione del risparmio) (SGRs), stockbrokers and other entities identified by a decree of the 
Ministry of Economics and Finance (each an "Intermediary"). 
An Intermediary must (i) be resident in Italy or be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian 
resident financial intermediary and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer 
of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes 
any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the 
ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited.

--- Page 945 ---
Taxation 
 
939 
 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld 
by any Italian financial intermediary paying interest to a Holder of a Note. 
Non-Italian Resident Holders  
No Italian imposta sostitutiva is applied on payments to a non-Italian resident Holder of Notes of interest 
or premium relating to the Notes. If the Notes are deposited with an Italian Intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign Intermediary) or are sold through an Italian Intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign Intermediary) or in any case an Italian Intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign Intermediary) intervenes in the payment of Interest on such Notes, to 
ensure payment of Interest without application of Italian taxation, a non-Italian resident Noteholder may 
be required to produce to said intermediary a statement (autocertificazione) stating that he or she is not 
resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Atypical securities  
Notes that do not qualify as obbligazioni (bonds) or as titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar 
to bonds) pursuant to Article 44, paragraph 2, lett. c) of Decree No. 917 are characterised for Italian tax 
purposes as "atypical securities". Interest payments relating to Notes characterised as "atypical securities" 
may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, debentures similar 
to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay an amount not lower than their 
nominal value.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes that are classified as atypical securities, if the Notes are included in a long-
term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set 
forth by Italian law, as amended and supplemented from time to time. Pursuant to Law No. 178, it is 
further provided that Italian resident individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual 
savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from 
a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised in respect 
of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, 
provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to 
subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital 
gains). 
The 26 per cent. withholding tax mentioned above does not apply to interest payments made to a non-
Italian resident Holder of Notes and to an Italian resident Holder of Notes which is (i) a company or 
similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities), (ii) a 
commercial partnership, or (iii) a commercial private or public institution. 
Payments made by a non-resident Guarantor 
With respect to payments made to an Italian resident Holder of Notes by a non-Italian resident guarantor, 
in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any such payment made by the non-Italian 
resident guarantor could be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment made by the relevant Issuer 
and would thus be subject to the tax regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
Capital Gains Tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable income 
(and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Holder, also as part of the net value of 
production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including 
the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected) or Italian 
resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Holder is (i) an individual not holding the Notes in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution, any capital gain realised by such Holder from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be

--- Page 946 ---
Taxation 
 
940 
 
subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. Holders of Notes may set off 
losses against gains. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. Pursuant to Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident 
individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant with 
Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to 
possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised in respect of certain qualifying financial 
instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and 
requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital 
losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains).  
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below. 
Under the "tax declaration" regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Holders 
of a Note under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident 
individuals holding Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or 
redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. The relevant Holder of a Note must 
indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in their 
annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance of income tax due 
for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains 
realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.  
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individuals holding the Notes under (i) to 
(iii) above may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or 
redemption of the Notes (the "risparmio amministrato" regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains 
is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries (including permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries); and (ii) an express 
election for the risparmio amministrato regime being punctually made in writing by the relevant Holder 
of Notes. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains 
realised on each sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised 
upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant 
amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from 
the proceeds to be credited to the Holder of Notes or using funds provided by the Holder of Notes for 
this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or transfer or redemption of the 
Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within 
the same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under 
the risparmio amministrato regime, the Holder of Notes is not required to declare the capital gains in its 
annual tax return. 
Any capital gains realised by Italian Holders of a Note under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted 
for the so-called "risparmio gestito" regime will be included in the computation of the annual increase 
in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute 
tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, any 
depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against any increase in 
value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito 
regime, the Holder of Notes is not required to declare the capital gains realised in its annual tax return. 
Any capital gains realised by a Holder of Notes which is an Italian Fund, a SICAF or a SICAV will not 
be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio. Such result 
will not be taxed with the Fund, but subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders or shareholders 
may be subject to the Collective Investment Fund Tax.

--- Page 947 ---
Taxation 
 
941 
 
Any capital gains realised by a Holder of Notes which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the 
result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. 
substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and 
limitations, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable 
base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. 
Any capital gains realised by a Holder of Notes which is an Italian Real Estate Fund will be subject 
neither to substitute tax nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Holders of Notes from the sale or redemption of the Notes 
are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that the Notes (i) are traded on regulated markets, or (ii) if 
not traded on regulated markets, are held outside Italy. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Holders from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on 
regulated markets and deposited with a bank, a SIM or certain authorised financial intermediary in Italy 
are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary: (a) is resident in a 
country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy as listed in the Italian 
Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended by Ministerial Decree of 23 April 2017 and possibly 
further amended by future decrees issued pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 4, letter (c) of Decree 239 
(the "White List"); (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy; (c) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter 
alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor which is resident in a country 
which is included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country 
of residence. 
In order to benefit from the tax exemption, non-resident investors who deposited the Notes with a bank, 
a SIM or certain authorised financial intermediaries in Italy must withdraw from the so-called risparmio 
amministrato regime - which provides for the application of an imposta sostitutiva separately on capital 
gains realised on each sale or redemption of the relevant Notes - and file with the relevant depositary a 
statement (autocertificazione) in which the Holder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable 
exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested for international bodies or 
entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy or in 
the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves of a foreign State, must 
comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001. 
If none of the conditions above are met and the Notes are deposited with a bank, a SIM or certain 
authorised financial intermediaries in Italy, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Holders are 
subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. In any event, non-Italian resident 
individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are connected, that 
may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or 
redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient and comply with 
the relevant formalities, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy. 
Italian Taxation of Warrants and Certificates 
Pursuant to Article 67 of the Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 (the "IITCC") and 
Legislative Decree No. 461 where the Italian resident investor is (i) an individual not engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Warrants and Certificates are connected, (ii) a non-commercial 
partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian 
corporate income taxation, capital gains accrued under the sale or the exercise of the Warrants and 
Certificates are subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva). The recipient may opt for the 
three different taxation criteria, regime della dichiarazione, risparmio amministrato and risparmio 
gestito, described in the "Capital Gains Tax" paragraph above.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised under the

--- Page 948 ---
Taxation 
 
942 
 
Warrants and Certificates if the Warrants and Certificates are included in a long-term savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. Pursuant to Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian 
resident individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant 
with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding 
to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised in respect of certain qualifying financial 
instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and 
requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital 
losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Where an Italian resident investor is a company or similar commercial entity, or the Italian permanent 
establishment of a foreign commercial entity to which the Warrants and Certificates are effectively 
connected, capital gains arising from the Warrants and Certificates will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant investor's income tax return and are therefore subject to 
Italian corporate tax and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the investors also as a 
part of the net value of production for IRAP purposes. 
Where (i) an Italian resident investor is a Fund, a SICAF or a SICAV, (ii) the relevant Warrants and 
Certificates are deposited with an authorised intermediary, and (iii) the Fund realises a capital gain, such 
gain will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. The Fund 
will not be subject to taxation on such results but subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders may be subject to the Collective Investment Fund Tax. 
Capital gains realised by an Italian resident Holder which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the 
result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. ad 
hoc substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and 
limitations, capital gains may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the 
Warrants and Certificates are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a 
lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time. 
Any capital gains realised by an Italian Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva 
nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund.  
Capital gains realised from the sale or redemption of the Warrants and Certificates by non-Italian resident 
Holders without a permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy to which the Warrants and 
Certificates are effectively connected are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that the Warrants and 
Certificates are held outside Italy or the capital gains derive from transactions executed in regulated 
markets. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Holders from the sale or redemption of Warrants and 
Certificates not traded on regulated markets and deposited with a bank, a SIM or certain authorised 
financial intermediary in Italy are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective 
beneficiary: (a) is resident in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy 
as listed in the White List; (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy; (c) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter 
alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor which is resident in a country 
which is included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country 
of residence. 
In order to benefit from the tax exemption, non-resident investors who deposited the Warrants and 
Certificates with a bank, a SIM or certain authorised financial intermediaries in Italy must withdraw from 
the so-called risparmio amministrato regime - which provides for the application of an imposta 
sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the relevant Warrants and 
Certificates - and file with the relevant depositary a statement in which the Holder declares to be eligible 
to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested 
for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered 
into force in Italy or in the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves 
of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 
2001.

--- Page 949 ---
Taxation 
 
943 
 
If none of the conditions above are met and the Warrants and Certificates are deposited with a bank, a 
SIM or certain authorised financial intermediaries in Italy, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident 
Holders from the sale or redemption of Warrants and Certificates are subject to the imposta sostitutiva 
at the current rate of 26 per cent. In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Warrants and Certificates are connected, that may benefit 
from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption 
of Warrants and Certificates are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient and 
comply with the relevant formalities, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital 
gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Warrants and Certificates. 
Atypical securities 
Please note that in accordance with a different interpretation of current tax law, there is a remote 
possibility that the Warrants and Certificates would be considered as 'atypical' securities pursuant to 
Article 8 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 as implemented by Law No. 649 of 25 November 
1983. In this event, payments relating to Warrants and Certificates may be subject to an Italian 
withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other 
income relating to Warrants and Certificates that are classified as atypical securities, if the Warrants and 
Certificates are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Pursuant to Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing, by 31 December 
2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law 
Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative 
differences realised in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term 
individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the 
loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences 
against future capital gains).  
The 26 per cent. withholding tax mentioned above does not apply to payments made to a non-Italian 
resident Holder of Warrants and Certificates and to an Italian resident Holder of Warrants and Certificates 
which is (i) a company or similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of 
foreign entities), (ii) a commercial partnership, or (iii) a commercial private or public institution. This 
withholding is levied by any entities, resident in Italy, which intervene, in any way, in the collection of 
payment or transfer of the Warrants and Certificates. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006 converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, 
as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) 
as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of four per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the 
gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of six per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance 
or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the six per cent. inheritance and 
gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of eight 
per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in the favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate 
mentioned above on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000.

--- Page 950 ---
Taxation 
 
944 
 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) – that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 100-114 of 
Finance Act 2017, as amended from time to time – is exempt from inheritance tax. 
Transfer tax 
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax contracts relating to the transfer of Securities are subject 
to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax 
at the rate of €200.00; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration tax only in "case of use" (caso d'uso) 
or in case of "explicit reference" (enunciazione) or voluntary registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19, paragraph 1 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 ("Decree 201"), a 
proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which may 
be sent by a financial intermediary to an Investor in respect of any Security which may be deposited with 
such financial intermediary. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and it cannot exceed €14,000, 
for taxpayers who are not individuals. This stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or 
– if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the Securities held.  
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial 
or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Wealth Tax on Securities deposited abroad  
Pursuant to Article 19, paragraph 18 of Decree 201, Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, 
non-commercial partnerships and similar institutions holding the Securities outside the Italian territory 
are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.2 per cent. ("IVAFE"). Starting from 1 January 2024, 
IVAFE applies at the rate of 0.4 per cent if the Securities are held in a country listed in the Italian 
Ministerial Decree dated 4 May 1999. Starting from fiscal year 2020, the wealth tax cannot exceed 
€14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Securities at the end of the relevant year or – if no market 
value figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside 
the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth 
taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax 
due). 
Italian Financial Transaction Tax ("IFTT") 
Italian shares and other participating instruments, as well as depositary receipts representing those shares 
and participating instruments irrespective of the relevant issuer (cumulatively referred to as "In-Scope 
Shares"), received by a Holder upon physical settlement of the Securities may be subject to 0.2 per cent. 
IFTT calculated on the higher of the exercise value of the Securities as determined according to Article 
4 of the Ministerial Decree of 21 February 2013, as amended (the "IFTT Decree").  
Holders in derivative transactions or transferable securities, including certificates, and certain equity-
linked notes, mainly having as underlying or mainly linked to In-Scope Shares are subject to IFTT at a 
rate ranging between €0.01875 and €200 per counterparty, depending on the notional value of the 
relevant derivative transaction or transferable securities calculated pursuant to Article 9 of the IFTT 
Decree. IFTT applies upon subscription, negotiation or modification of the derivative transactions or 
transferable securities or the equity linked notes, as described above. The tax rate may be reduced to a 
fifth if the transaction is executed on certain qualifying regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities. 
Liechtenstein Taxation 
The following is an overview of certain material Liechtenstein tax consequences applicable to individual 
and corporate investors without any considerations in relation to double taxation agreements and tax 
information exchange agreements. The overview is based on the legislation at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is intended to provide general information only, whereas it does not purport to be a

--- Page 951 ---
Taxation 
 
945 
 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, 
hold or sell the Securities. It is recommended and advisable that potential investors consult their own 
tax advisors for information with respect to his or her special tax consequences that may arise as a result 
of holding such Securities, including the provisions contained in double taxation agreements. The Issuers 
make no representations regarding the tax consequences discussed hereinafter. 
Payments made via a Liechtenstein paying agent to investors having their residence or habitual abode 
in Austria are dealt with below under the heading "Tax Treaty between Austria and Liechtenstein". 
Withholding tax 
There is no Liechtenstein withholding tax applicable on payments made by the Issuers in respect of the 
Securities to investors having their residence or habitual abode in Liechtenstein (each such investor a 
"Resident Individual"). 
Income tax and wealth tax 
Income including capital gains and profits from the sale of the Securities earned by Resident Individuals 
subject to unrestricted taxation in Liechtenstein on their wealth and income are exempt from income tax 
and subject solely to wealth tax in relation to the Securities. A Resident Individual's taxable net wealth 
is multiplied by an interest rate annually determined anew by the Finance Act. The resulting amount is 
incorporated into the basis for the calculation of the income tax. 
Individuals other than Resident Individuals are not subject to wealth tax in respect of the Securities nor 
income tax on the income or capital gains or profits earned from sales of the Securities. 
Corporate tax 
Legal entities including corporations of any kind, foundations, establishments, trust enterprises, UCITS, 
investment enterprises for other assets or real estate according to the Investment Undertaking Act, 
alternative investment funds according to the Law on Alternative Investment Funds and comparable 
undertakings constituted according to the laws of other jurisdictions are subject to ordinary corporate tax 
if they have their domicile or effective place of management in Liechtenstein (each a "Resident 
Corporate Taxpayer"). Resident Corporate Taxpayers are subject to corporate tax at the rate of 12.50 
per cent. on their profits calculated from their worldwide corporate income reduced by allowable 
expenses. 
However, certain important exemptions exist, whereas:  
(a) 
dividends as well as capital gains as well as profits from the sale of securities and liquidation 
proceeds stemming from participations in domestic and foreign legal entities; 
(b) 
income derived from managed assets in accordance with the Act on UCITS, of investment 
enterprises for other assets or real estate according to the Investment Undertaking Act, of 
alternative investment funds according to the Act on Alternative Investment Funds or 
comparable undertakings according the laws of other jurisdictions; and 
(c) 
qualifying assets of legal entities subject to the Pension Funds Act,  
qualify as non-taxable income. Dividends and capital gains from foreign participations may be taxable 
if certain anti-abuse provisions apply. 
Legal entities other than Resident Corporate Taxpayers are not subject to ordinary corporate income tax, 
unless their profits form part of the net corporate income of a Liechtenstein permanent establishment of 
that legal entity. In that case, the same favourable exemptions in relation to capital gains as well as profits 
from the sale of securities and liquidation proceeds stemming from participation in domestic and foreign 
legal entities apply as described above in relation to the Resident Corporate Taxpayers. 
Private assets structures 
Legal entities subject to ordinary corporate tax in Liechtenstein that qualify as Private Assets Structures 
as defined in Article 64 of the Tax Act (legal entities not pursuing an economic activity) are subject to a

--- Page 952 ---
Taxation 
 
946 
 
mere annual tax of CHF 1,800 if they are acting in the interest of the private wealth of one or more natural 
persons. 
Trusts 
Trusts (special endowments not qualifying as legal entity) which are either domiciled in Liechtenstein or 
managed there are not subject to the corporate tax whereas they are subject to an annual tax of CHF 1,800 
only. 
Stamp taxes 
Based on the Customs Treaty between Liechtenstein and Switzerland and the respective Liechtenstein 
enactments thereto Swiss federal stamp tax is applicable in Liechtenstein. See "Swiss Federal Stamp 
Taxes" below. 
Gift and inheritance tax 
Liechtenstein does not have a gift nor inheritance tax. 
Tax Treaty between Austria and Liechtenstein 
If the recipient of income from the Securities is a wealth structuring vehicle, established before 31 
December 2016 and deemed transparent for tax purposes with a beneficial owner resident in Austria 
within the meaning of the Tax Treaty between Austria and Liechtenstein dated 29 January 2013 ("Tax-
Treaty"), a withholding tax of 27.50 per cent. is levied at source by the Liechtenstein paying agent. The 
withholding tax is final. According to the Liechtenstein Automatic Exchange of Information Ordinance 
respective accounts will be considered as so called "exempt accounts" and will not be reported. No tax 
is withheld if the recipient of the income has explicitly authorised the Liechtenstein paying agent to report 
the amount of interest paid annually to the Liechtenstein Tax Authority who will forward the information 
to the competent Austrian authority. Such reporting will follow the rules of the Tax Treaty, however, 
according to the Protocol, are considered as exchange of information according to Art. 2 of the Automatic 
Exchange of Information on tax matters between Liechtenstein and the member states of the European 
Union. 
The following are deemed as Liechtenstein paying agents pursuant to section 2 Abs. 1 lit. e) of the Tax 
Treaty i) banks under Liechtenstein banking law and securities dealers, ii) natural and legal persons 
resident or established in Liechtenstein including partnerships and permanent establishments of foreign 
companies which even accept, hold, invest or transfer assets of third parties or merely pay interest or 
secure the payment of interest in the course of their business. Also included are natural and legal persons 
holding a license pursuant to the Trustee Act and pursuant to section 180a Liechtenstein Persons- and 
Companies Act (PGR), provided they are members of a governing body of a wealth structuring vehicle. 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg Taxation 
The following discussion is an overview of certain material Luxembourg tax considerations relating to 
(i) Securities issued by any of the Issuers where the Holder is tax resident in Luxembourg or has a tax 
presence in Luxembourg, or (ii) Securities where the Paying Agent is located in Luxembourg and is 
included herein solely for information purposes. It is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be legal or tax advice. Prospective investors 
in the Securities should therefore consult their own professional local advisers as to the effects of state, 
local or foreign laws including Luxembourg tax law to which they may be subject. 
The residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg income tax 
assessment purposes only. In addition, any reference to a tax, duty, levy or other charge or withholding 
of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law only. 
Luxembourg Withholding Tax 
 
Non-resident Holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident Holders of Securities, nor on accrued but unpaid

--- Page 953 ---
Taxation 
 
947 
 
interest in respect of the Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of the Securities held by non-resident Holders of Securities. 
 
Resident Holders of Securities 
Under the Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the Luxembourg law of 23 
December 2005 introducing withholding tax on certain interest payments derived from savings income 
(the "Relibi Law"), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to 
Luxembourg resident Holders of Securities, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Securities, 
nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Securities held by 
Luxembourg resident Holders of Securities. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be 
subject to a withholding tax of twenty per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income 
tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent.  
Pursuant to the Relibi Law, Luxembourg resident individuals, acting in the cause of their private wealth, 
can also opt to self-declare and pay a twenty per cent tax on interest payments made by paying agents 
located in a Member State of the EU or of the European Economic Area other than Luxembourg. In such 
case the beneficiary is responsible for the related payment and declaration obligations. This withholding 
tax represents the final tax liability for Luxembourg individual resident taxpayers acting in the course of 
the management of their private wealth. 
Income Taxation of the Holders 
 
Resident individual Holders of Securities 
An individual Holder who is a resident of Luxembourg and acting in the course of his/her private wealth 
will not be subject to taxation on capital gains (including foreign exchange gains) upon the disposal of 
the Securities, unless the disposal of the Securities precedes their acquisition or the Notes and Certificates 
are disposed of within six months of the date of acquisition. Upon redemption or exchange of the 
Securities, the portion of the redemption or exchange price corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest 
(if any) is subject to the aforementioned twenty per cent. withholding tax. 
If the Securities are held by a resident individual as business assets, the Securities will be subject to 
taxation as set forth in the paragraph "Luxembourg resident corporate undertakings" set out below, 
except that the aforementioned twenty per cent. withholding tax can be credited against the overall tax 
liability. 
 
Resident corporate undertaking Holders of Securities 
Save where the Holder of the Securities is exempt from taxation (or benefit from a special tax regime) 
under Luxembourg law, a Holder who is a collective undertaking resident in Luxembourg, or a non-
resident Holder of the same type who has a permanent establishment or permanent establishment in 
Luxembourg to which or whom the holding of the Securities is attributed, must, for Luxembourg 
corporate tax purposes, include in its taxable base (i) any interest received or accrued on the Securities 
(if any) and (ii) the difference between the sale, exercise or redemption price (including accrued but 
unpaid interest, if any) and the lower of the cost or book value of the Securities sold, redeemed or 
exercised (including foreign exchange gains). 
 
Non-resident Holders of Securities 
A holder of Securities will not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only 
of the holding of the Securities or the execution, performance and/or delivery of the Securities. 
Under the existing laws of Luxembourg, the exercise or sale of Securities by a non-resident Holder does 
not give rise to taxable income in Luxembourg, unless such Securities were held as business assets by 
such non-resident Holder within a permanent establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg 
to which or whom the Securities were attributed.

--- Page 954 ---
Taxation 
 
948 
 
Net Wealth Tax 
Any corporate Holder of the Securities, whether such Holder is resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes 
of such Holder maintains a permanent establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg to 
which or whom the Securities are attributed is subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Securities, 
except if the corporate Holder benefit from a specific tax regime. 
Luxembourg resident individuals are not subject to net wealth tax in Luxembourg. 
Other Taxes 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, capital tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable 
in Luxembourg by the Holders in respect of or in connection with the execution and delivery of the 
Securities or the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities. However, a registration 
duty may be due upon voluntary registration of the Securities in Luxembourg or in case the Securities 
are appended to a document that requires mandatory registration in Luxembourg.. 
Portugal Taxation 
The following discussion is an overview of certain material Portuguese tax considerations relating to 
Securities issued by any of the Issuers in particular if the Holder is tax resident in Portugal or otherwise 
subject to tax in Portugal and the relevant Issuer is not tax resident in Portugal and does not have a 
permanent establishment in Portugal.  
This information is of a general nature and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all 
Portuguese tax consequences that may be relevant to any particular Holder and to a decision to acquire, 
to hold and to dispose of the Securities. 
The overview is based on tax laws and taxation practice, as in effect and applied as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and is intended to provide general information only. The information herein included 
was not subject to confirmation by the Portuguese tax authorities through a specific tax ruling or 
otherwise. Tax laws, taxation practices and their interpretation are constantly under change, which 
changes may sometimes have a retroactive effect and may change the conclusions set out in this overview. 
The references to "interest", "investment income" and "capital gains" in the paragraphs below mean 
"interest", "investment income" and "capital gains" as understood in Portuguese tax law. The statements 
below do not take any account of any different definitions of "interest", "investment income" and "capital 
gains" which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by this Base Prospectus or any 
related documentation. 
Each potential Holder should consult a professional tax adviser as to the tax consequences relating to 
its particular circumstances and the characteristics of the relevant Securities resulting from subscription, 
purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes, Certificates and Warrants. 
Withholding tax 
See below under (A) "Individual investors resident in Portugal": where there is a Paying Agent 
established in Portugal, withholding tax will apply to certain income. 
Income/Capital Gains/Corporate Tax 
Investors resident in Portugal 
Payments of principal in respect of the Securities to corporate entities or to individuals are not subject to 
tax in Portugal. For these purposes, principal shall mean all payments received by the investor without 
any remuneration component.  
(A) 
Individual investors resident in Portugal 
 
Notes and Certificates that guarantee the repayment of the invested amount 
 
Investment income

--- Page 955 ---
Taxation 
 
949 
 
Income generated by the holding of Notes or Certificates that provide for the repayment 
of the invested amount, qualifies as investment income (e.g., interest) and is subject to 
Portuguese individual income tax. Investment income includes also accrued interest (if 
the Security is transferred while interest is accruing) and the positive difference, if any, 
between the repayment amount and the issue price of the Security. 
This investment income is subject to taxation at a flat rate of 28 per cent., unless the 
individual elects to include the income (along with other income subject to taxation) in 
his taxable income, in which case it will be subject to tax at progressive rates of up to 48 
per cent. Additionally, taxable income in excess of € 80,000 is subject to an additional 
rate of 2.5 per cent., while taxable income in excess of € 250,000 is subject to a tax rate 
of 5 per cent.  
Withholding tax will apply at a rate of 28 per cent. if the Paying Agent is established in 
Portugal. The tax withheld represents the final tax due, unless the individual elects to 
include the income in his taxable income, in which case it will be subject to tax at 
progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. and the tax withheld will be deemed a payment on 
account of the final tax due. Additionally, taxable income in excess of € 80,000 is subject 
to an additional rate of 2.5 per cent., while taxable income in excess of € 250,000 is 
subject to a tax rate of 5 per cent.  
A final withholding tax at a rate of 35 per cent. will apply if the investment income is 
paid or made available via a bank account for the benefit of undisclosed third parties to 
the account, by a Paying Agent established in Portugal, unless the identity of the 
beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general rules apply. 
A final withholding tax at a rate of 35 per cent. will apply (or a final taxation at a rate of 
35 per cent. when such withholding tax at source does not apply) to investment income 
paid or made available to individuals tax resident in Portugal by non-resident entities 
with no permanent establishment in Portugal, which are domiciled in a country or 
territory considered as a tax haven by Portuguese legislation (as listed in Finance 
Minister Order no. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004, as amended). 
As of 1 January 2024, it becomes mandatory to report in the annual personal income tax 
return information on all sources of income derived by the taxpayer in the previous year. 
This includes income subject to final withholding tax rates not aggregated with other 
income, income not subject to personal income tax exceeding € 500, as well as assets 
held in jurisdictions subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime. 
Foreign sourced investment income derived by individual tax residents in Portugal 
benefiting from the non-habitual resident special tax regime may be exempt from 
Portuguese individual income tax provided: (i) the income may be liable to tax in the 
source country according to the applicable tax treaty concluded between Portugal and 
the source state; or (ii) in cases where there is no tax treaty in place, the income may be 
liable to tax in the source country according to the OECD Model Tax Convention on 
Income and on Capital, provided that the source country is not a "blacklisted" jurisdiction 
and the income is not deemed to have been obtained in Portuguese territory. 
Although the non-habitual resident special tax regime was revoked by the Portuguese 
State Budget Law for 2024, the regime remains applicable to the following individuals: 
(i) taxpayers registered as non-habitual residents by 1 January 2024, and until the end of 
the ten year period foreseen under the regime; (ii) with reference to 31 December 2023, 
taxpayers who were eligible for the regime, provided that the registration is concluded 
before 31 March 2024; (iii) individuals who become tax residents up to 31 December 
2024, provided that one of the requirements foreseen in the transitional regime is met; 
(iv) individuals who are members of the household of taxpayers who fulfil the conditions 
under the transitional regime. 
 
Capital gains

--- Page 956 ---
Taxation 
 
950 
 
Other income/earnings arising from the Notes or the Certificates (e.g., income other than 
accrued interest, earned by selling the Notes or the Certificates) will qualify as capital 
gains and is/are subject to taxation at a flat rate of 28 per cent., unless the individual 
elects to include the income (along with other income subject to taxation) in his taxable 
income, in which case it will be subject to tax at progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. 
Additionally, the taxable income in excess of € 80,000 is subject to an additional rate of 
2.5 per cent., while taxable income in excess of € 250,000 is subject to a tax rate of 5 per 
cent.  
The inclusion of the capital gains income (along with other income subject to taxation) 
is mandatory when the capital gains derive from assets held for a period of less than 365 
days and the taxpayer has a total taxable income equal to or greater than € 81,199. 
Broadly, the taxable base is comprised of the positive difference between capital gains 
and capital losses in a given year. 
Capital losses will not be allowed for tax purposes if the counterparty to the transaction 
is domiciled in a low tax jurisdiction. 
As of 1 January 2024, it becomes mandatory to report in the annual personal income tax 
return information on all sources of income derived by the taxpayer in the previous year. 
This includes income subject to final withholding tax rates not aggregated with other 
income, income not subject to personal income tax exceeding € 500, as well as assets 
held in jurisdictions subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime. 
Foreign sourced capital gains income derived by individual tax residents in Portugal 
benefiting from the non-habitual resident special tax regime may be exempt from 
Portuguese individual income tax provided: (i) the income may be liable to tax in the 
source country according to the applicable tax treaty concluded between Portugal and 
the source state; or (ii) in cases where there is no tax treaty in place, the income may be 
liable to tax in the source country according to the OECD Model Tax Convention on 
Income and on Capital, provided that the source country is not a "blacklisted" jurisdiction 
and the income is not deemed to have been obtained in Portuguese territory.  
Although the non-habitual resident special tax regime was revoked by the Portuguese 
State Budget Law for 2024, the regime remains applicable to the following individuals: 
(i) taxpayers registered as non-habitual residents by 1 January 2024, and until the end of 
the ten year period foreseen under the regime; (ii) with reference to 31 December 2023, 
taxpayers who were eligible for the regime, provided that the registration is concluded 
before 31 March 2024; (iii) individuals who become tax residents up to 31 December 
2024, provided that one of the requirements foreseen in the transitional regime is met; 
(iv) individuals who are members of the household of taxpayers who fulfil the conditions 
under the transitional regime. 
 
(a) Notes and Certificates that do not guarantee the repayment of the invested amount and (b) 
Warrants 
Interest and other remuneration, if any, arising from the Securities will qualify as investment 
income. The tax regime described above concerning investment income will generally apply.  
Other income arising from the Securities (e.g., earnings arising from an increase in the market 
value of the underlying assets) will qualify as capital gains. The tax regime described above 
concerning capital gains will generally apply. 
(B) 
Corporate entities (as investors) resident in Portugal 
Income, including capital gains, arising from the Securities will be subject to tax in Portugal at 
a maximum rate of 22.5 per cent.. Taxable income within the first bracket of € 50,000 will be 
subject to (i) a special reduced income tax rate of 17 per cent., applicable only to small and 
medium sized corporate entities or small-mid-cap entities, and (ii) to a special reduced income 
tax rate of 12,5 per cent., applicable only to entities qualifying as “startup” under the respective 
regime. Additionally, taxable income in excess of € 1,500,000 is subject to a state surtax rate of

--- Page 957 ---
Taxation 
 
951 
 
3 per cent., while taxable income in excess of € 7,500,000 is subject to a state surtax rate of 5 
per cent.; and finally, taxable income in excess of € 35,000,000 is subject to a state surtax rate 
of 9 per cent. 
As referred to above, a final withholding tax at a rate of 35 per cent. will apply if the investment 
income (as defined above while describing the tax regime for individuals tax resident in 
Portugal) is paid or made available via a bank account for the benefit of undisclosed third parties 
to the account, by a Paying Agent established in Portugal, unless the identity of the beneficial 
owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general (individual income tax or corporate 
income tax, as the case may be) rules apply. 
Investors not resident in Portugal 
Investors not resident in Portugal and without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which the 
income/capital gain is attributable, will not be subject to tax in Portugal by means of withholding tax or 
otherwise. 
As referred to above, a final withholding tax at a rate of 35 per cent. will apply if the investment income 
(as defined above while describing the tax regime for individuals tax resident in Portugal) is paid or made 
available via a bank account for the benefit of undisclosed third parties to the account, by a Paying Agent 
established in Portugal, unless the identity of the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which 
case the general rules apply. 
Stamp Tax 
Lending/Borrowing 
The subscription of the Securities (including the repayment of the invested amount to investors) is not 
subject to stamp tax in Portugal. 
Gift/Inheritance Tax 
Gift/inheritance tax is part of the stamp tax. The individual investor, whether resident or not resident in 
Portugal, will not be subject to gift or inheritance tax in Portugal. The same applies to the corporate 
investor not resident and without a permanent establishment in Portugal.  
Any gift or inheritance comprising Securities benefiting a corporate investor resident in Portugal will not 
be subject to stamp tax but will be subject to corporate income tax in Portugal. 
Transfer Tax 
Transfer of the Securities is not subject to transfer tax in Portugal. 
Value Added Tax 
Acquisition and transfer of Securities will not be taxable under Value Added Tax. 
Paying Agent or Custodian Located in Portugal 
See (A) "Individual investors resident in Portugal", (B) "Corporate entities (as investors) resident in 
Portugal" and "Investors not resident in Portugal" above.  
Spain Taxation 
The following is a general description of the Spanish withholding tax treatment, direct and indirect 
taxation of payments under the Securities. The statements herein regarding Spanish taxes and 
withholding taxes in Spain are made assuming that the Issuer is not a Spanish resident entity nor does it 
act through a permanent establishment in Spain, and are based on the laws in force as well as 
administrative interpretations thereof in Spain as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to 
any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. It 
does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Securities, whether in 
Spain or elsewhere, which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of 
the Securities and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of

--- Page 958 ---
Taxation 
 
952 
 
investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax 
laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of the Securities and receiving payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Securities and the consequences of such actions under 
the tax laws of Spain. 
Personal Income Tax ("PIT") / Corporate Income Tax ("CIT") / Non Resident Income Tax 
("NRIT") 
(A) 
Spanish resident individuals 
 
Warrants 
Following the criterion of the Spanish Directorate-General for Taxation in several rulings 
(amongst others, rulings dated 27 August 2007, 23 May 2007 and 29 May 2013), income earned 
by Spanish resident individuals under Warrants should be considered as capital gains, in which 
case no withholdings on account of PIT will have to be deducted.  
Notwithstanding that, Spanish resident individuals recognising capital gains will still be subject 
to PIT, to be declared in their annual tax returns, according to the following rates:  
• 
Amounts up to EUR 6,000.00: 19 per cent. 
• 
Amounts between EUR 6,000.01 and EUR 50,000: 21 per cent. 
• 
Amounts between EUR 50,000.01 and EUR 200,000: 23 per cent. 
• 
Amounts between EUR 200,000.01 and EUR 300,000.00: 27 per cent. 
• 
Amounts exceeding EUR 300,000.00: 28 per cent.  
 
Certificates and Notes  
 
Interest payments under the Certificates and Notes  
Income earned by Spanish resident individuals under Certificates and Notes should 
qualify as interest payments and thus, will be deemed income from movable property.  
In general, interest payments obtained by Spanish resident individuals should be subject 
to withholding tax at 19 per cent. rate on account of PIT (creditable against final tax 
liability). Expenses relating to the management and deposit of the Certificates and Notes, 
if any, will be tax-deductible, excluding those pertaining to discretionary or individual 
portfolio management.  
Notwithstanding the above, non-resident in Spain entities not acting through a permanent 
establishment in Spain are not bound to withhold on account of PIT on payments made 
to Spanish resident individuals. Interest payments under Certificates and Notes should 
be only subject to withholding tax in Spain if they are deposited in a depository entity or 
paid to individuals resident in Spain (or acting through a permanent establishment in 
Spain) or if an entity or individual resident in Spain (or acting through a permanent 
establishment in Spain) is in charge of the collection of the income derived from the 
Certificates and Notes, provided that such income had not been previously subject to 
withholding tax in Spain. 
Notwithstanding the above, Spanish resident individuals earning such income will still 
be subject to PIT – to be declared in their savings taxable base (taxed together with the 
other savings income obtained in that same tax year) of their annual tax returns – 
according to the following rates:  
• 
Amounts up to EUR 6,000.00: 19 per cent. 
• 
Amounts between EUR 6,000.01 and EUR 50,000: 21 per cent.

--- Page 959 ---
Taxation 
 
953 
 
• 
Amounts between EUR 50,000.01 and EUR 200,000: 23 per cent. 
• 
Amounts between EUR 200,000.01 and EUR 300,000.00: 27 per cent. 
• 
Amounts exceeding EUR 300,000.00: 28 per cent. 
However, when certain income included in the taxpayer's taxable base has already been 
taxed abroad, the taxpayer shall be entitled to a tax credit against the PIT taxable base 
for the lowest amount of the following: (i) the amount effectively paid abroad; and (ii) 
the amount resulting from applying the average tax rate to the taxable base effectively 
taxed abroad.  
 
Income upon transfer or redemption of the Certificates and Notes 
Income earned upon transfer or redemption of the Certificates and Notes should be 
subject to Spanish withholding tax at 19 per cent. rate on account of PIT (creditable 
against final tax liability). Notwithstanding this, as entities which are not resident in 
Spain and which are not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain are not bound 
to withhold on account of PIT on payments made to Spanish resident individuals, income 
earned upon transfer or redemption of the Certificates and Notes should be subject to 
withholding tax in Spain only if there is a financial entity acting on behalf of the seller, 
provided such entity is resident for tax purposes in Spain or has a permanent 
establishment in Spain and such income had not been previously subject to withholding 
tax in Spain.  
However, when the Certificates and Notes (i) are represented in book-entry form; (ii) are 
admitted to trading on a Spanish secondary stock exchange; and (iii) generate explicit 
remuneration, holders can benefit from a withholding tax exemption in respect of the 
income arising from the transfer or reimbursement of the Certificates and Notes, 
exception made of income derived from accounts entered into with financial institutions, 
provided that such accounts are based on financial instruments, such as Notes and 
Certificates. However, under certain circumstances, when a transfer of the Certificates 
and Notes has occurred within the 30-day period immediately preceding any relevant 
coupon payment date such holders may not be eligible for such withholding tax 
exemption. 
Notwithstanding the above, Spanish resident individuals earning such income will still 
be subject to PIT, to be declared in their annual tax returns, according to the following 
rates:  
• 
Amounts up to EUR 6,000.00: 19 per cent. 
• 
Amounts between EUR 6,000.01 and EUR 50,000: 21 per cent. 
• 
Amounts between EUR 50,000.01 and EUR 200,000: 23 per cent. 
• 
Amounts between EUR 200,000.01 and EUR 300,000.00: 27 per cent. 
• 
Amounts exceeding EUR 300,000.00: 28 per cent. 
However, when certain income included in the taxpayer's taxable base has already been 
taxed abroad, the taxpayer shall be entitled to a tax credit against the PIT taxable base 
for the lowest amount of the following: (i) the amount effectively paid abroad; and (ii) 
the amount resulting from applying the average tax rate to the taxable base effectively 
taxed abroad.  
(B) 
Spanish resident companies 
 
Warrants 
Income earned under Warrants shall be considered as capital gains, in which case no 
withholdings on account of CIT will have to be deducted.

--- Page 960 ---
Taxation 
 
954 
 
 
Certificates and Notes 
Interest payments under the Certificates and Notes shall be subject to withholding tax at 19 per 
cent. rate on account of CIT (creditable against final tax liability). Notwithstanding this, entities 
which are not resident in Spain and which are not acting through a permanent establishment in 
Spain are not bound to withhold on account of CIT on payments made to Spanish resident 
entities. Interest payments under Certificates and Notes should only be subject to withholding 
tax in Spain in case they are deposited in a depository entity resident in Spain (or acting through 
a permanent establishment in Spain) or if an entity or individual resident in Spain (or acting 
through a permanent establishment in Spain) is in charge of the collection of the income derived 
from the Certificates and Notes, provided that such income has not been previously subject to 
withholding tax in Spain. 
Income upon transfer or redemption of the Certificates and Notes should be subject to Spanish 
withholding tax at 19 per cent. rate on account of CIT (creditable against final tax liability). 
Notwithstanding this, as non-resident in Spain entities not acting through a permanent 
establishment in Spain are not bound to withhold on account of CIT on payments made to 
Spanish resident entities, income upon transfer or redemption of the Certificates and Notes 
should be subject to withholding tax in Spain only if there is a financial entity acting on behalf 
of the seller, provided such entity is resident for tax purposes in Spain or has a permanent 
establishment in Spain. 
However, when (i) the Certificates and Notes are represented in book-entry form and are 
admitted to trading on a Spanish secondary stock exchange or on the Spanish Alternative Fixed 
Income Market (MARF); or (ii) the Certificates and Notes are listed on a market in an OECD 
member state; holders who are Corporate Income Taxpayers can benefit from a withholding tax 
exemption in respect of interest payments and income arising from the transfer or redemption 
of the Certificates and Notes, exception made of income derived from accounts entered into 
with financial entities, provided that such accounts are based on financial instruments, such as 
Certificates and Notes. 
Spanish resident companies earning income under the Warrants, Certificates or Notes will be 
subject to CIT, to be declared in their annual tax returns, at a general 25 per cent. rate. However, 
when certain income included in the taxpayer's taxable base has already been taxed abroad, the 
taxpayer shall be entitled to a tax credit against the CIT taxable base for the lowest amount of 
the following: (i) the amount effectively paid abroad; and (ii) the amount that should have been 
paid in Spain in the case that such income had been obtained in Spain. Taxpayers with an annual 
net turnover higher than EUR 20 million or that are taxed jointly under a CIT group will be 
subject to a minimum 15% effective CIT rate of the adjusted taxable base (additional 
requirements or limitations may apply depending on the nature and circumstances of a given 
taxpayer). 
(C) 
Individuals and companies with no tax residency in Spain 
 
Income obtained through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Securities by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not 
in itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
The tax rules applicable to income deriving from the Securities under NRIT in this scenario are, 
generally, the same as those previously set out for Spanish resident companies, subject to the 
provisions of any relevant double tax treaty. 
 
Income obtained without a permanent establishment in Spain 
Income obtained by investors residing outside Spain and without a permanent establishment in 
Spain would not be considered, in general terms, as Spanish-source income and, therefore, 
would not be subject to taxation and withholding tax in Spain. 
According to binding ruling V0185-20 issued by the Spanish General Directorate of Taxes on 
27 January 2020, certain securities (such as financial derivatives) may be classified, for the 
purposes of the relevant double tax treaty, as business profits or other income and, as mentioned

--- Page 961 ---
Taxation 
 
955 
 
above, should not be considered, in general terms, as Spanish-source income, subject to the 
provisions of any relevant double tax treaty. 
Net Wealth Tax ("NWT") 
Only individual holders of Securities would be subject to the NWT as legal entities are not taxable 
persons under NWT. 
Relevant taxpayers will be (i) individuals who have their habitual residence in Spain regardless of the 
place where their assets or rights are located or could be exercised; and (ii) non-Spanish resident 
individuals owning assets or rights which are located or could be exercised in Spain, in each case, whose 
net wealth is higher than EUR 700,000, as this amount is considered as exempt from NWT. 
Taxpayers should include in their NWT self-assessment the Securities (assuming they qualify as debt 
instruments) for the following amounts: 
 
if they are listed in an official market, the average negotiation value of the fourth quarter; and 
 
in other case, its nominal value (including redemption premiums).  
The value of the Securities together with the rest of the taxpayer's wealth, once reduced by the deductible 
in rem liens and encumbrances which reduce the rights and assets values and the personal debts of the 
taxpayer, shall be taxed at a tax rate between 0.2 and 3.5 per cent.  
Finally, please note that the Spanish regions are entitled to modify (i) the threshold of net wealth exempt 
from taxation; (ii) the tax rates; and (iii) the tax benefits and exemptions to be applied in their territory. 
Non-resident individuals may apply the rules approved by the autonomous region where the assets and 
rights with more value (i) are located, (ii) can be exercised or (iii) must be fulfilled. 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes ("STLF") 
STLF is a NWT's complementary tax which is levied on individuals with a net worth of more than EUR 
3,000,000 who are also subject to NWT. 
The value of the Securities together with the rest of the taxpayer's net wealth (exceeding EUR 3,000,000) 
shall be taxed at a tax rate between 1.7 and 3.5 per cent. 
Individuals whose tax residence is located in Spain will be entitled to a EUR 700,000 rebate to their 
taxable base (i.e., STLF will be triggered for a net wealth exceeding EUR 3,700,000) and to deduct taxes 
paid abroad with certain limitations. 
STLF quota together with the NWT and the IIT quotas, shall not surpass 60% of the IIT taxable base. If 
said summation exceeds said threshold, the STLF quota could be reduced up to 80%. After applying said 
limitations, it could be deducted from the final STLF Tax quota: (i) any taxes paid abroad following the 
NWT relevant provisions and without prejudice of the dispositions contained in any double tax treaty or 
international appliable legislation and (ii) the NWT quota effectively paid. 
As STLF has been conceived as a temporary tax it will only accrue on 31 December of 2022 and of 2023 
but could be extended to subsequent tax years if deemed appropriate. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax ("IGT") 
(A) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain 
Individuals resident in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over any Securities by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to IGT without prejudice to the specific legislation 
applicable in each autonomous region. The applicable effective tax rates range between 7.65 per 
cent. and 81.6 per cent., depending on several factors such as family relationship and pre-
existing heritage of the heir or doner. However, it is necessary to take into account that the IGT 
(including certain tax benefits) has been transferred to the Spanish Autonomous Regions. 
Therefore, an analysis must be made in each specific case to determine to what extent any

--- Page 962 ---
Taxation 
 
956 
 
regional legislation might be applicable, since there might be differences in respect of the final 
taxation under IGT depending on the region in which an investor resides. 
(B) 
Companies with tax residency in Spain 
Companies resident in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Securities by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to IGT, as income obtained will be subject to CIT. 
(C) 
Individuals and companies with no tax residency in Spain 
Non-Spanish resident individuals and companies which are not resident in Spain and do not 
have a permanent establishment in Spain that acquire ownership or other rights over the 
Securities by inheritance, gift or legacy, will not be subject to IGT provided that the Securities 
were not located in Spain and the rights deriving from them could not be exercised within 
Spanish territory. 
The acquisition of Securities by inheritance, gift or legacy by non-resident companies with a 
permanent establishment in Spain is not subject to the IGT, as income obtained will be subject 
to the NRIT. 
Value Added Tax, Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty 
Acquisition and transfer of Securities, in principle, will be exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, i.e. 
exempt from or not subject to Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, as the case may be, in accordance with the 
Consolidated Text of such tax approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 21 September 1993, and 
exempt from Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December 1992, regulating such 
tax. 
Spanish Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
The acquisition of shares of a Spanish listed company trading on a regulated market in Spain, any other 
Member State of the European Union, or on a market in a third country if the market is considered to be 
equivalent, with a market capitalisation greater than 1,000 million euros ("Qualifying Shares") and the 
acquisition of certificates of deposit representing Qualifying Shares ("Qualifying Certificates"), such 
as American depositary receipts, regardless of the type of market or trading centre where the trades are 
executed (regulated market, multilateral trading facility, systematic internaliser; or OTC transactions), 
are subject, save for certain exceptions, to Spanish FTT at a 0.2 per cent. of the corresponding acquisition 
price (excluding the costs and expenses associated to such transaction). 
In addition to the above, the acquisition of Qualifying Shares and Qualifying Certificates under the 
execution or settlement of convertible or exchangeable bonds or debentures, of derivatives, as well as of 
any financial instrument, or of certain financial contracts, are also subject to the Spanish FTT. 
Switzerland Taxation 
The following discussion is an overview of certain material Swiss tax considerations relating to (i) 
Securities issued by any of the Issuers where the Holder is tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax 
presence in Switzerland or (ii) Securities where the Paying Agent, custodian or securities dealer is 
located in Switzerland. The discussion is an overview based on legislation as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. It does not aim to be a comprehensive description of all the Swiss tax considerations that 
may be relevant for a decision to invest in Securities. The tax treatment for each investor depends on the 
particular situation. All investors are advised to consult with their professional tax advisors as to the 
respective Swiss tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or redemption 
of Securities (or options embedded therein) in light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
Payments under the Securities will not be subject to Swiss federal withholding tax, provided that the 
Issuer is at all times resident and managed outside Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes. 
On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council proposed draft legislation and opened the consultation 
procedure regarding the reform of the Swiss withholding tax regime, which had previously been

--- Page 963 ---
Taxation 
 
957 
 
suspended. A main aspect of the draft legislation is the exemption of Swiss-domiciled legal entities and 
foreign investors from withholding tax on Swiss domestic interest-based investments. In essence, the 
draft legislation would replace the current debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments with a 
paying agent-based regime for Swiss withholding tax. Broadly, this paying agent-based regime would 
(i) subject all interest payments made through paying agents in Switzerland to individuals resident in 
Switzerland to Swiss withholding tax and (ii) exempt from Swiss withholding tax interest payments to 
all other persons, including to Swiss-domiciled legal entities and foreign investors (other than for indirect 
interest payments via foreign and domestic collective investments vehicles). If such a new paying agent-
based regime were to be enacted and were to result in the deduction or withholding of Swiss withholding 
tax on any interest payments in respect of the Notes, the Notes would not be entitled to receive any 
additional amounts as a result of such deduction or withholding under the terms of the Securities. 
However, the results of the consultation, which ended on 10 July 2020, were controversial. Consequently, 
on 15 April 2021, the Swiss Federal Council submitted new draft legislation on the reform of the Swiss 
withholding tax system providing for the abolition of Swiss withholding tax on interest payments on 
bonds for submission to the Swiss Federal Parliament, which legislation was accepted by the Swiss 
Parliament on 17 December 2021. The legislation has been rejected in a referendum held on 25 
September 2022. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a new paying agent-based regime were to be enacted 
as contemplated by the draft legislation published on 3 April 2020 and were to result in the deduction or 
withholding of Swiss withholding tax on any payment in respect of a Note by any person in Switzerland 
other than the Issuer, the holder of such Note would not be entitled to any additional amounts with respect 
to such Note as a result of such deduction or withholding under the Conditions. 
Income Taxation 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
(a) 
Structured Notes 
If a Security classifies as a structured Security, i.e. as derivative financial instrument(s) with a 
bond-like prefunding component embedded therein, its income taxation depends on whether (i) 
the embedded bond component and the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) are 
reported separately from each other, or, if the Security is a standard product, alternatively the 
values of the embedded bond component and the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) 
can at any time be determined analytically by using standard valuation programmes, and (ii) the 
Security classifies as a structured product with or without a predominant one-time interest 
payment:  
Non-transparent derivative financial instruments: If the embedded bond is not recorded 
separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and if the conditions for 
analytical determination of the values of the embedded bond and the embedded derivative 
financial instrument(s) set forth above do not apply, then the Security classifies as non-
transparent structured note and any return over the initial investment classifies as a taxable 
interest payment. Non-transparent derivative financial instruments generally include a 
predominant one-time interest payment and are taxed in accordance with the principles set forth 
below under "—Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time 
interest payment".  
Transparent derivative financial instruments without a predominant one-time interest payment: 
If the embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial 
instrument(s) or if the values of the embedded bond and the embedded derivative financial 
instrument(s) can be determined analytically as set forth above and if the yield-to-maturity 
predominantly derives from periodic interest payments and not from a one-time-interest-
payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium (see below "Transparent 
derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment"), then a person 
who is an individual resident in Switzerland holding such a Security as a private asset is required 
to include any periodic and one-time interest payments received on the Security, converted in 
each case into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of payment, in his or her 
personal income tax return for the relevant tax period and will be taxable on any net taxable 
income (including such amounts) for the relevant tax period. Option premium received, and a 
gain, including in respect of interest accrued, a loss, respectively, realised on the sale of such a 
Security is a tax-free private capital gain, a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, respectively.

--- Page 964 ---
Taxation 
 
958 
 
Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment: If 
the embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) 
or if the values of the embedded bond and the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) can 
be determined analytically as set forth above and if the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives 
from a one-time-interest-payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium 
and not from periodic interest payments, then a person who is an individual resident in 
Switzerland holding such a Security as a private asset, is required to include any periodic interest 
payments received on the Security and, in addition, any amount equal to the difference between 
the value of the Security at redemption or sale, as applicable, and its value at issuance or 
secondary market purchase, as applicable, and converted in each case into Swiss Francs at the 
exchange rate prevailing at the time of sale or redemption, issuance or purchase, respectively, 
in his or her personal income tax return for the relevant tax period and will be taxable on any 
net taxable income (including such amounts, i.e., including, inter alia, any gain in respect of 
interest accrued or foreign exchange rate) for the relevant tax period. Any compensation 
received by such a holder for the embedded derivative, i.e., option premium received, and any 
residual gain, and a loss, respectively, realised on the sale of such a Security is a tax-free private 
capital gain, a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, respectively. However, notwithstanding 
the foregoing, such a holder may offset any decrease in value realised by him or her within the 
same taxation period on sale or redemption of such a Security against any gain (including 
periodic interest payments) realised by him or her from other securities with a predominant one-
time interest payment. 
(b) 
Bonds 
Bonds without a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Security classifies as a pure bond 
without a predominant one-time interest payment (i.e., the yield-to-maturity of which 
predominantly derives from periodic interest payments and not from a one-time-interest-
payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium), then a person who is an 
individual resident in Switzerland holding such a Security as a private asset is required to include 
any periodic and one-time interest payments received on such Security, converted into Swiss 
Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of payment, in his or her personal income tax 
return for the relevant tax period and will be taxable on any net taxable income (including such 
amounts) for the relevant tax period. A gain, including, inter alia, in respect of interest accrued 
or foreign exchange rate, a loss, respectively, realised on the sale of such a Security is a tax-free 
private capital gain, a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, respectively.  
Bonds with a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Security classifies as a pure bond with 
a predominant one-time interest payment (the yield-to-maturity of which predominantly derives 
from a one-time-interest-payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium 
and not from periodic interest payments), then a person who is an individual resident in 
Switzerland holding such a Security as a private asset, is required to include any periodic interest 
payments received on the Security and, in addition, any amount equal to the difference between 
the value of the Security at redemption or sale, as applicable, and its value at issuance or 
secondary market purchase, as applicable, and converted in each case into Swiss Francs at the 
exchange rate prevailing at the time of sale or redemption, issuance or purchase, respectively, 
in his or her personal income tax return for the relevant tax period and will be taxable on any 
net taxable income (including such amounts, i.e., including, inter alia, any gain in respect of 
interest accrued or foreign exchange rate) for the relevant tax period. Such a holder may offset 
any decrease in value realised by him or her within the same taxation period on sale or 
redemption of such a Security against any gain (including periodic interest payments) realised 
by him or her from other securities with a predominant one-time interest payment. 
(c) 
Pure Derivative Financial Instruments 
A capital gain realised by an individual on the sale or redemption of a Security which classifies 
as a pure derivative financial instrument (such as pure call and put options, pure futures, static 
certificates replicating an index or a basket of at least five shares and with a fixed maturity or 
an annual redemption right and discount certificates with a maturity not exceeding twelve 
months) and which is held as part of the individual's private assets is a tax-free private capital 
gain. Conversely, a capital loss realised on the sale or redemption of such a Security cannot be

--- Page 965 ---
Taxation 
 
959 
 
set off against taxable income. Dividend equalisation payments on such a Security constitute 
taxable investment income.  
(d) 
Low Exercise Price Warrants 
A fully pre-funded call option with a term of not more than one year classifies as pure derivative 
financial instrument (see taxation treatment above "Pure Derivative Financial Instruments"). If 
the term of a call option exceeds one year and the instrument underlying the call option is pre-
financed by 50 per cent. or more at the time of issuance then the interest component embedded 
in such an instrument (i.e., issue discount) constitutes taxable interest income (see taxation 
treatment above "Structured Notes".  
(e) 
Fund-like Securities 
A Security which is classified as a fund-like instrument will be considered a pass-through 
instrument for Swiss tax purposes if dividend and interest income (less attributable costs) from, 
and capital gains and losses (less costs attributable) realised on, the underlying investments, are 
reported and distributed separately. Under such conditions, an individual holding a fund-like 
Security as part of his or her private assets receives taxable income (which he or she must report 
annually) over such portion of distributions (in case the fund is distributing the income realised 
on the underlying investments) or earnings credits (in case the fund is reinvesting the income 
realised on the underlying investment) as derive from dividends and interest (less attributable 
costs) on the underlying instruments. Any distributions or credits deriving from capital gains 
realised on the underlying investments constitute a tax-free private capital gain, and any 
respective loss is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss. Any gain realised within a taxation 
period on the sale of a fund-like Security (including accrued dividends and interest) is exempt 
from income taxation as a private capital gain, and, conversely, any loss realised on such a 
Security a non-tax-deductible capital loss. 
Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Corporate entities and individuals who hold Securities as part of a trade or business in Switzerland, in 
the case of residents abroad carried on through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in 
Switzerland, are required to recognise any payments on, and any capital gains or losses realised on the 
sale or redemption of, such Securities (irrespective of their classification) in their income statement for 
the respective taxation period and will be taxed on any net taxable earnings for such period. 
The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who, for income tax purposes, are 
classified as "professional securities dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged 
investments in securities. 
Capital Gains Taxation 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
A gain, a loss, respectively, realised by an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes upon the 
sale or other disposal of a Security held as part of his or her private assets is a tax-free private capital 
gain, or a non-tax deductible capital loss, respectively, unless such individual is classified, for income 
tax purposes, as a "professional securities dealer" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and 
leveraged investments in securities. If an individual is classified as "professional securities dealer" he or 
she will be taxed in accordance with the principles set forth above under "Income Taxation, Securities 
held as Assets of a Swiss Business". Concerning the bifurcation of a tax-exempt capital gains component, 
or a non-tax deductible capital loss component, respectively, from taxable income components of a 
Security see the bifurcation principles set forth above with regard to the different instruments under 
"Income Taxation, Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Capital gains realised on Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business are taxed in accordance with the 
taxation principles set forth above under "Income Taxation, Securities held as Assets of a Swiss 
Business").

--- Page 966 ---
Taxation 
 
960 
 
Swiss Federal Stamp Taxes 
The issuance of Securities on the Issue Date (primary market) is exempt from Swiss federal securities 
turnover tax (Umsatzabgabe), except that the issuance of Securities which are classified as fund-like 
instruments may be subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. on the offering 
price, however, only if a Swiss securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party 
or an intermediary to the transaction and, additionally, if no exemption applies.  
Dealings in Securities (secondary market) which classify as pure derivative financial instruments (such 
as pure call and put options, including low exercise price options with a maturity not exceeding twelve 
months, pure futures with a maximal pre-financing of 25 per cent., fully-funded Securities statically 
replicating an index or a basket of at least five shares and with a fixed maturity or an annual redemption 
right) are exempt from Swiss federal securities turnover tax. Dealings in other Securities may be subject 
to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. on the consideration paid, however, only if 
a Swiss securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or an intermediary to 
the transaction and, additionally, if no exemption applies.  
The physical settlement of a security at exercise or redemption to the holder of the Security may be 
subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 0.3 per cent. in case a security issued by an issuer 
outside Switzerland is delivered and of 0.15 per cent. in case a security issued by a Swiss domestic issuer 
is delivered, however, in each case, only if a Swiss domestic securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss 
federal stamp tax act) is a party or an intermediary to the delivery and, additionally, if no exemption 
applies. 
Gift, Inheritance and Estate Taxes 
Subject to an applicable tax treaty in an international situation, transfers of Securities may be subject to 
cantonal and/or communal inheritance tax, estate tax or gift tax if the deceased person has had his or her 
last domicile in Switzerland, the donor is resident in Switzerland, respectively, or in the case of a foreign 
deceased or resident person the transfer involves an unincorporated business in Switzerland and 
Securities are held as part of such business. No such taxes exist at the federal level. Rates depend upon 
the existing relationship (i.e. the relationship between the deceased and the heirs, or between the donor 
and the donee) and the size of the inheritance or gift. Interspousal gifts and gifts to descendants and 
inheritances collected by the surviving spouse and descendants are frequently exempt or taxed at low 
rates (up to 6 per cent.). Gifts and inheritances received from unrelated persons attract rates ranging from 
20 per cent. to 40 per cent. The taxable base is usually the market value of the property transferred. 
Net Worth and Capital Taxes 
A holder of Securities who is an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes or is a non-Swiss 
resident holding Securities as part of a Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent establishment is 
required to report Securities as part of private wealth or as part of Swiss business assets, as the case may 
be, and is subject to annual cantonal and/or communal private wealth tax on any net taxable wealth 
(including the Securities), in the case of a non-Swiss resident individual holding Securities as part of a 
Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent establishment to the extent the aggregate taxable wealth 
is allocable to Switzerland. Incorporated holders of Securities are subject to cantonal and communal 
capital tax on net taxable equity, in the case of non-Swiss resident person holding Securities as part of a 
Swiss permanent establishment, to the extent the aggregate taxable equity is allocable to Switzerland. No 
net worth and capital taxes are levied at the federal level. 
Non-Swiss resident Holders 
A holder of a Security who is not resident in Switzerland and who during the taxation year has not 
engaged in a trade or business carried on through a permanent establishment or fixed place of business 
in Switzerland will in respect of such Security not be subject to income tax in Switzerland. 
United Kingdom Taxation  
The following is an overview of the United Kingdom withholding taxation treatment in relation to 
payments of principal and interest in respect of the Securities, certain other material UK tax 
considerations and of certain aspects of the United Kingdom stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax 
treatment of the Securities at the date hereof. The comments only apply to Holders that are the beneficial

--- Page 967 ---
Taxation 
 
961 
 
owners of Securities who acquire and hold Securities as an investment and do not apply to dealers in 
Securities. The special rules applying to UK resident but non-domiciled individuals are not detailed. The 
comments are based on current law and HM Revenue & Customs ("HMRC") practice (which are subject 
to change, possibly also with retroactive or retrospective effect) and are intended as a general guide and 
should be treated with appropriate caution. This overview is not intended to be exhaustive and nor should 
it be considered legal or tax advice to any person. This overview does not take into account the effect of 
any overriding anti-avoidance legislation that may apply to Holders in their particular circumstances or 
to any wider arrangements to which they may be a party. Each potential purchaser is advised to consult 
its own tax adviser as to the UK tax consequences attributable to acquiring, holding and disposing of 
Securities and as to other UK and non-UK applicable taxes, particularly where: (i) an individual holder 
is only temporarily non-UK resident; or (ii) a corporate holder will "bifurcate" a Security for accounting 
purposes; as the treatment of such holders is not covered below (save to the extent specifically detailed 
below). Non-UK domiciled individual investors (or individuals who have only been UK tax resident for 
a relatively short time) may want to take further advice as the so called "situs" rules may mean that any 
CDIs are UK situs assets for certain UK tax purposes notwithstanding that the Securities represented by 
the CDIs are not issued by a UK incorporated Company.  
(a) 
United Kingdom Withholding Tax 
 
Interest on Securities 
Interest will only be subject to UK withholding tax if it has a UK source, in which case it may 
fall to be paid under deduction of UK income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.) subject 
to such relief as may be available under the provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty 
or to any other exemption which may apply. 
UK source interest may be paid without withholding or deduction for or on account of United 
Kingdom income tax if (i) the issuer is a "bank" for the purposes of section 991 of the Income 
Tax Act 2007; and (ii) it pays that interest in the ordinary course of its business. 
In accordance with the practice of HMRC, such payments will generally be accepted as being 
made in the ordinary course of business unless the characteristics of the transaction giving rise 
to the interest are primarily attributable to an intention to avoid United Kingdom tax. 
UK source interest may be paid without withholding or deduction for or on account of United 
Kingdom income tax if the issuer is authorised for the purposes of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 and its business consists wholly or mainly of dealing in financial instruments 
(as defined by section 984 of the Income Tax Act 2007) as principal and so long as such 
payments are made by the issuer in the ordinary course of its business.  
UK source interest may also be paid without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
United Kingdom income tax if: 
 
the relevant interest is paid on Securities with a maturity of less than one year from the 
date of issue and which are not issued under arrangements the effect of which is to render 
such Securities part of a borrowing with a total term that could be a year or more; or 
 
the Securities are and continue to be quoted Eurobonds. Securities which carry a right to 
interest will constitute "quoted Eurobonds" provided they are and continue to be either: 
(1) 
"listed" on a recognised stock exchange (designated as such by HMRC) within 
the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007; or 
(2) 
admitted to trading on a "multilateral trading facility" operated by a "regulated 
recognised stock exchange" (in each case for the purposes of section 987 of the 
Income Tax Act 2007). 
Securities admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange outside the United Kingdom will 
be treated as "listed" on a recognised stock exchange if (and only if) they are admitted to trading 
on that exchange and included in the official UK list or are officially listed in a country outside 
the United Kingdom in which there is a recognised stock exchange in accordance with 
provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in the European Economic Area states.

--- Page 968 ---
Taxation 
 
962 
 
Whilst it is expected that either the interest will not have a "UK source" or one of the above 
exemptions will apply to each issue of Securities, that cannot be guaranteed and unless that is 
the case at all relevant times, interest payable on the Securities will suffer a withholding of 20 
per cent. on account of UK income tax. 
The following further points should be noted: 
 
Any premium element of the redemption amount of any Securities redeemable at a 
premium may constitute a payment of interest subject to the withholding tax provisions 
discussed above. 
 
The references to "interest" above and below mean "interest" as understood in United 
Kingdom tax law. The statements above and below do not take any account of any 
different definitions of "interest" or "principal" which may prevail under any other law 
or which may be created by the terms and conditions of the Securities or any related 
documentation. 
 
Payments under Securities which do not amount to interest, rent or annual payments for 
the purposes of UK tax will normally not be subject to UK withholding tax. 
(b) 
United Kingdom Income and Capital Gains tax: Individuals resident in the United Kingdom 
Any interest, discount or premium payable on any of the Securities may be subject to United 
Kingdom income tax by direct assessment even where paid without withholding. 
 
Accrued income scheme 
Holders that are UK resident individuals should also have regard to the provisions of the 
Accrued Income Scheme (the "Scheme") which may apply to individuals transferring Securities 
that bear interest or to individuals to whom such Securities are transferred. The charge to tax on 
income that may arise as a result of the Scheme will be in respect of an amount representing 
interest on the Securities which has accrued during the period that they are held. This amount 
will be taken into account in determining any chargeable gain or loss arising on a disposal of 
the Securities. 
However, where a Security constitutes a variable rate security for the purposes of the Scheme, 
the amount of accrued interest deemed to be received as income by a Holder upon transfer would 
be such amount as HMRC decides is just and reasonable and the transferee will not be entitled 
to any credit under the Scheme to set against any actual or deemed interest that is received or is 
deemed received. 
 
Taxation of discount and premium 
Where Securities are issued at an issue price of less than 100 per cent. of their nominal amount 
they may constitute "deeply discounted securities" depending on the level of the discount. It is 
not considered that Securities would be regarded as deeply discounted securities merely by 
reason of the fact that they are denominated in a currency other than sterling. Where Securities 
constitute "deeply discounted securities", a Holder of such Securities who is within the scope of 
United Kingdom income tax may be liable to United Kingdom income tax on any profit (the 
amount by which any sum payable on the transfer or redemption of the Security exceeds its 
acquisition price) made on the sale or other disposal (including redemption) of such Securities. 
Where Securities may be redeemed at a premium as opposed to being issued at a discount, then 
where such premium does not constitute a payment of interest such Securities may constitute 
"deeply discounted securities" (as mentioned above). 
Securities which are deeply discounted securities are qualifying corporate bonds and therefore 
not subject to tax on chargeable gains.  
 
Capital gains tax

--- Page 969 ---
Taxation 
 
963 
 
Where Notes are debts denominated in sterling and not capable of conversion into or redemption 
in or by reference to any foreign currency they may be treated as qualifying corporate bonds so 
that no United Kingdom taxation on chargeable gains or allowable losses will arise on any sale, 
redemption or other disposal. This depends upon (amongst other conditions) the Notes 
comprising normal commercial loans at all times which may not be the case where the Notes 
contain a right to acquire other shares or securities, or a return which depends on the results of 
the Issuer's business or any part of it. 
Where Notes are denominated in a currency other than sterling or do not comprise debts which 
represent normal commercial loans, then provided they are not deeply discounted securities they 
will be chargeable assets for the purposes of United Kingdom capital gains tax with the result 
that any gain arising may, depending on the Holder's personal circumstances, give rise to a 
charge to United Kingdom tax on capital gains or an allowable loss. 
Profits on disposal (including redemption) of certain Securities which constitute "excluded 
indexed securities" for UK tax purposes (and that are not otherwise within one of the income 
tax charging provisions) may be subject to UK capital gains tax rather than income tax but the 
considerations there are complex and potential holders should take their own UK tax advice. 
Certificates to which General Condition 9 applies will generally also be treated as set out in this 
section (b)(iii). 
 
Taxation of Warrants 
The following paragraphs relate only to Warrants which satisfy all of the following conditions: 
 
there are no interim payments payable under the terms of the Warrants; 
 
there is no element of principal protection under the terms of the Warrants; 
 
the return on the Warrants is calculated with direct reference to fluctuations in the value 
of a Reference Asset or Reference Assets;  
 
the Warrants constitute either options or futures for UK tax purposes; and 
 
the Warrants are not designed to produce a return equivalent to money invested at 
interest. 
Where Warrants are held as investments, any gain arising may, depending on the Holder's 
personal circumstances, give rise to a charge to UK tax on capital gains or an allowable loss. 
Where Warrants fall within the definition of "financial option" for the purposes of UK capital 
gains tax the rules as to wasting assets which might restrict the amount of the acquisition costs 
of the Warrant for the purposes of calculating any chargeable gain or allowable loss will not 
apply. 
Certificates to which General Condition 10 (Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates) applies 
and which do not pay any coupon will generally also be treated as set out in this section (b)(iv) 
provided that they satisfy the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) in the first paragraph 
to this section (b)(iv). 
The taxation of those Warrants and Certificates which do not satisfy one or more of those 
conditions is complex and potential holders should take their own UK tax advice. 
(c) 
Taxation of Holders within the Charge to UK Corporation Tax 
A Holder who is within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax, in particular a company 
which is resident for tax purposes in the United Kingdom or which is not so resident but carries 
on a trade in the United Kingdom through a United Kingdom permanent establishment to which 
the Securities are attributable or which holds the Securities in connection with certain types of 
UK real estate businesses, will generally be chargeable to corporation tax on all the returns on, 
and profits and gains (whether of an income or capital nature) arising from the holding or 
disposal of, the Securities broadly in accordance with their statutory accounting treatment

--- Page 970 ---
Taxation 
 
964 
 
provided that accounting treatment complies with IFRS or UK generally accepted accounting 
practice. This means in particular that any discount element (together with any interest) and any 
foreign exchange profits or loss may be taxed (or relieved) as it accrues over the term of the 
Security and not when it is paid or received. 
Where a Security is split for accounting purposes into a derivative contract and a host loan 
relationship, the host loan relationship will be taxed in the way described above. In respect of 
the derivative contract, there are two possibilities; 
 
Where the derivative contract is either: 
 
an option and the underlying subject matter is qualifying ordinary shares of a 
trading company, holding company or company listed on a recognised stock 
exchange or mandatory convertible preference shares; or 
 
a contract for differences and the underlying subject matter is qualifying ordinary 
shares listed on a recognised stock exchange and the contract exactly tracks the 
value of such underlying subject matter 
then any excess of accounting credits over debits will generally be chargeable to 
corporation tax on chargeable gains consistently with the way those credits and debits 
are recognised for accounting purposes. 
 
In other cases, the tax treatment of the derivative contract is likely to follow its accounting 
treatment. 
For the purposes of the above, "qualifying ordinary shares" means shares which represent some 
or all of the issued share capital of the company and which carry a right to share in the profits 
of the company by way of a dividend or otherwise (provided that the rights to share in profits 
are not restricted to a right to receive fixed rate dividends) and mandatory convertible preference 
shares means shares which are not qualifying ordinary shares and which are issued on such 
terms that stipulate that they must be converted into, or exchanged for, qualifying ordinary 
shares of a trading company, holding company or company listed on a recognised stock 
exchange by a specified time. 
Warrants and Certificates which are not treated as derivative contracts or as loans for tax 
purposes are likely to be taxed in accordance with the rules set out above in (b)(iv) above.  
(d) 
United Kingdom Corporation, Income and Capital Gains Tax: Holders not resident in the 
United Kingdom 
Where interest, discount or premium amounts are received without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of United Kingdom tax, such amounts will not be chargeable in the hands of 
a Holder (other than certain trustees) who is not resident for tax purposes in the United Kingdom 
unless that Holder (i) carries on a trade, profession or vocation in the United Kingdom through 
a United Kingdom branch or agency or permanent establishment (in the case of a corporate 
Holder) in connection with which such amounts are received or to which the Securities are 
attributable or (ii) holds the Securities in connection with certain types of UK real estate 
businesses. 
Where interest on Securities has been paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax, 
Holders who are not resident in the United Kingdom may be able to recover all or part of the 
tax deducted if that is provided for in an applicable double tax treaty between the country of 
residence of the Holder and the UK.  
Holders not resident in the United Kingdom will not be within the charge to United Kingdom 
tax on chargeable gains in respect of any Securities save broadly where Securities are held in or 
used for the purposes of a trade carried on by the non-resident through a branch or agency or, 
in the case of a company, a permanent establishment, and subject also to certain rules that apply

--- Page 971 ---
Taxation 
 
965 
 
in relation to UK real estate businesses or in the case of individuals that are temporary non-
residents. 
(e) 
United Kingdom Stamp Duty and Stamp Duty Reserve Tax ("SDRT") 
 
Issue 
No United Kingdom stamp duty or SDRT will be payable in respect of the issue of the 
Securities. 
 
Transfer 
SDRT will not generally be payable in respect of any agreement to transfer Securities except 
where one of the following conditions are met: 
 
where the register of Securities is kept in the UK; or 
 
where the terms of the Securities grant the Holder the right (whether on physical 
settlement or otherwise) to acquire stock, shares or loan capital in certain companies with 
a UK connection unless such stock, shares or loan capital would qualify as "exempt loan 
capital". A company will have a UK connection for these purposes if (i) the company is 
incorporated in the UK; (ii) a register of the relevant stock, shares or loan capital is kept 
in the UK by or on behalf of the company; or (iii) the shares are "paired" with shares in 
a UK incorporated company within the meaning of section 99(6B) of the Finance Act 
1986. 
Where one of those conditions is met, the agreement to transfer may be subject to SDRT at 0.5 
per cent.  
There could be stamp duty at 0.5 per cent. in respect of any document transferring any Security 
that does not constitute "exempt loan capital" but, as a practical matter, it is unlikely that any 
such stamp duty would have to be paid. 
 
Exercise 
SDRT may be payable in respect of an agreement to transfer an asset pursuant to a Security 
subject to physical settlement following the exercise of the Security. However, no such liability 
will arise on the physical settlement of shares or other securities which are both: (a) issued by 
an issuer incorporated outside the UK; and (b) which do not constitute "chargeable securities" 
under s 99 Finance Act 1986. There could be stamp duty at 0.5 per cent. in respect of any 
document arising on physical settlement which transfers any shares or securities that do not 
constitute "exempt loan capital" but, as a practical matter, it is unlikely that any such stamp duty 
would have to be paid save where the transferred shares or securities are registered in a UK 
register.  
 
CDIs 
No United Kingdom stamp duty is payable on the issue of CDIs or on a transfer of CDIs within 
CREST where no written instrument of transfer or written agreement to transfer arises in relation 
to such transfer. 
No United Kingdom SDRT is payable on the issue of CDIs. 
Generally, no United Kingdom SDRT should be payable on a transfer of CDIs within CREST 
provided that they are under the terms of their issue, depository interests that can only be 
transferred in accordance with regulations under section 785 of the Companies Act 2006 
(provision enabling procedures for evidencing and transferring title) or by means of a transfer 
within section 186(1) of the Finance Act 1996(5) (transfer of securities to member of electronic 
transfer system), and: 
 
the central management and control of the Issuer is not exercised in the UK;

--- Page 972 ---
Taxation 
 
966 
 
 
the CDIs represent Securities which are not registered in a register kept in the United 
Kingdom by or on behalf of the Issuer; 
 
the CDIs represent interests in Securities which are, or are of the same class as securities 
issued by the Issuer which are listed on a recognised stock exchange overseas within the 
meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007; and 
 
the CDIs fall within the definition of "securities" in regulation 3(1) of the Uncertificated 
Securities Regulations 2001. 
If any of these requirements are not met, United Kingdom stamp duty or SDRT may be payable 
on the transfer of CDIs. 
(f) 
Inheritance Tax 
If a Holder of Securities who is an individual disposes of Securities by way of gift, in form or 
in substance, or dies, then under current law, no United Kingdom inheritance tax will be due 
unless: 
 
the donor is or the deceased was domiciled or deemed to be domiciled in the United 
Kingdom for the purposes of United Kingdom inheritance tax; or 
 
the donor or the deceased was neither domiciled nor deemed to be domiciled in the 
United Kingdom for the purposes of United Kingdom inheritance tax but the Securities 
are UK-situs assets. 
A Security issued in bearer form will be a UK-situs asset if the document of title is located in 
the United Kingdom at the material time. 
The situs of a registered Security (other than Securities cleared through computerised clearing 
systems and CDIs) will be determined by the place of registration. Provided that the relevant 
register in which the Securities are registered is kept outside the United Kingdom, the registered 
Securities will not be UK-situs assets. 
The situs of securities dealt with through computerised clearing systems, for example Euroclear, 
and CDIs is determined by the terms of issue of the particular security. Holders are advised to 
consult their own tax advisor as to the United Kingdom inheritance tax consequences of 
acquiring, holding or disposing of a particular Security or CDI. 
The Government announced in the Spring Budget 2024 that they will consult on changes to the 
UK inheritance tax regime. 
(g) 
Assets which can be considered non-UK situs for UK tax purposes: UK tax-resident non-
domiciled individuals 
 
General 
This section (g) only applies to Securities where the following three conditions are met: (i) the 
Issuer is not UK tax resident; (ii) the Issuer is not issuing the Securities for or on behalf of a UK 
branch; and (iii) the Securities are not being cleared through CREST or another UK based 
clearing system (including CDIs held in CREST). 
This section explains which of such Securities can be considered non-UK situs for the purposes 
of UK income tax, capital gains tax ("CGT") and inheritance tax ("IHT") (together, the 
"Relevant Taxes"), and may be particularly relevant to those UK resident individuals who are 
non-UK domiciled. There is a different test for the situs of the Security for the purposes of each 
of the Relevant Taxes. 
This section is limited to certain considerations relevant to the situs of certain Securities only 
and does not address the complex concepts and rules relevant to determining an individual's 
domicile or in respect of any potential remittance of income or chargeable gains to the UK. 
Investors should seek specific advice from their tax advisor on these matters based on the

--- Page 973 ---
Taxation 
 
967 
 
investor's particular circumstances and with regard to the particular terms and conditions of the 
relevant Securities.  
Generally, where the conditions below are satisfied the relevant Securities should be considered 
non-UK situs assets in respect of the Relevant Taxes. However, it may not be necessary to 
satisfy all the conditions below in all cases (depending on the particular terms and conditions of 
the relevant Securities). 
There are two main classes of Securities (satisfying the above three conditions) which should 
be considered non-UK situs for the purposes of all Relevant Taxes. Those are: 
 
those Registered Notes which constitute "debentures" (as set out in further detail below); 
and 
 
those Warrants and Certificates governed other than under English Law (together, the 
"Relevant W&C Securities") which satisfy the further detailed conditions set out below. 
 
Registered Notes – Conditions required to be considered non-UK situs assets 
Registered Notes should be considered non-UK situs assets for the purposes of all Relevant 
Taxes provided that they constitute "debentures" for the purposes of English law. There is no 
particular definition of "debenture" in the tax legislation, and therefore it should take its normal 
case law meaning. From the case law, it appears that whether an instrument will be regarded as 
a "debenture" depends on whether the instrument includes sufficient of the main features one 
would associate with a debenture, including that the instrument acknowledges indebtedness. 
Accordingly, there must be some positive obligation (or debt) repayable at maturity, albeit the 
amount repayable may be less than the invested amount, may be determinable at a subsequent 
date and repayment thereof may be subject to a further condition. Therefore, whether or not a 
particular Registered Note can be considered a "debenture" and thus non-UK situs for the 
purposes of all Relevant Taxes will depend on whether its particular terms and conditions are 
consistent with that of a "debenture" as described above. 
 
Relevant W&C Securities - Conditions required to be considered non-UK situs assets 
The UK tax treatment of Relevant W&C Securities depends on how they are categorised for UK 
tax purposes, and the position is not straightforward in all cases. For a Relevant W&C Security 
to be considered non-UK situs for all of the Relevant Taxes it must be both a Registered 
Security, and: 
 
if the Relevant W&C Security is considered to be a "future" or "option" for the purposes 
of UK CGT and may be physically settled, then the Reference Asset to be delivered must 
not be subject to the laws of England or any other part of the UK; or 
 
if the Relevant W&C Security is considered to be a "debt" for the purposes of UK CGT, 
it must constitute a "debenture" (as described above). This condition is included for the 
sake of completeness as it should be satisfied in the vast majority of cases. 
 
Bearer Securities that constitute "debt" as a matter of English law – Conditions required to be 
considered non-UK situs assets 
Assuming the Securities are issued by a non-UK tax resident Issuer (and not issued for or on 
behalf of a UK branch of that Issuer) then the situs of Bearer Securities that are debt as a matter 
of English law may be different for the purpose of each of the Relevant Taxes. Investors should 
consult their tax advisor on these matters.

--- Page 974 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
968 
 
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Base Prospectus 
This document (this "Base Prospectus") constitutes two base prospectuses for the purposes of Article 8 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"): (i) a base prospectus 
relating to issues of non-equity securities by JPMSP under the Programme (the "JPMSP Base 
Prospectus") and (ii) a base prospectus relating to issues of non-equity securities by JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. under the Programme (the "JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Base Prospectus") in each case 
including non-equity securities with a denomination per unit of less than EUR 100,000.  
2. 
Supplements 
This Base Prospectus is valid for one year from the date of approval of the Base Prospectus and 
will expire on 18 July 2025. The Base Prospectus may be supplemented from time to time under 
the terms of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Each supplement will be available for viewing on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com and of Euronext Dublin at 
www.euronext.com/en/euronext-dublin. In such case, in relation to the making of an offer of the 
Securities to the public requiring the prior publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation (a "Non-exempt Offer"), investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe 
for the Securities before the supplement is published shall have the right to withdraw their 
acceptances by informing the relevant Distributor in writing within two working days (or such 
other longer period as may mandatorily apply in the relevant country) after the publication of the 
supplement, provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
giving rise to the publication of the supplement arose or was noted before the final closing of the 
Non-exempt Offer or the delivery of the Securities, whichever occurs first.  
3. 
Responsibility Statements 
General statements:  
(a) 
JPMSP Base Prospectus: JPMSP accepts responsibility for the following information: (i) the 
information set out in the JPMSP Registration Document which is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus; and (ii) the information set out in Commonly Asked Question 2(a) (Who is 
J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V.?) (the "JPMSP Information"). JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. accepts responsibility for the information given in the JPMSP Base Prospectus and confirms 
that the information contained in the JPMSP Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. confirms that the JPMSP Information has been accurately reproduced, and as far as 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. has been able to ascertain from JPMSP, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the JPMSP Information inaccurate or misleading. 
(b) 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Base Prospectus: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. accepts 
responsibility for the information given in the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Base Prospectus and 
confirms that the information contained in the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Base Prospectus is, 
to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect its import. 
Third party information: None of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any of its consolidated subsidiaries (each 
a "J.P. Morgan affiliate") accepts responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information set 
forth in the relevant Issue Terms concerning any Reference Assets and/or if "Bond Linked Provisions" 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, any Reference Bond, or makes any representation 
that there has not occurred any event which would affect the accuracy or completeness of such 
information, provided that each of the Responsible Persons confirms that, where such information has 
been sourced from a third party, as far as the Responsible Person is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information sourced from that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. Further, the relevant Issue Terms may include tables showing the 
high and low levels or prices (as applicable) of the Reference Assets (if any) for the periods indicated. 
While such tables provide some historical data regarding the risks of investing directly or indirectly in 
the Reference Assets, past results are not a reliable indicator of future performance. Actual results will 
be different and such differences may be material. Investors in the relevant Securities are advised to

--- Page 975 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
969 
 
consult their own legal, tax, accountancy and other professional advisers to assist them in determining 
the suitability of Securities for them as an investment. Each investor in the Securities should be fully 
aware of and understand the complexity and risks inherent in Securities before it makes its investment 
decision in accordance with its investment objectives. 
Meaning of "Responsible Persons": For the purposes of the above, "Responsible Persons" means: (i) 
in relation to Securities issued by JPMSP, JPMSP and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Guarantor and 
(ii) in relation to Securities issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.. 
4. 
Consent to use this Base Prospectus 
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any particular issuance of Securities, the Issuer consents 
to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer (i) by the financial 
intermediary/ies (each, an "Authorised Offeror"), (ii) during the offer period and (iii) subject to the 
relevant conditions, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The consent shall be valid in relation to the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and each other Member State 
the competent authority of which has been provided with a Certificate of Approval by the Competent 
Authority in relation to this Base Prospectus under Article 25(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
including Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Liechtenstein, The Netherlands and Spain, 
provided that it shall be a condition of such consent that the Base Prospectus may only be used by the 
relevant Authorised Offeror(s) to make offerings of the relevant Securities in the jurisdiction(s) in which 
the Non-exempt Offer is to take place, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer may (i) give consent to one or more additional Authorised Offerors after the date of the 
relevant Final Terms, (ii) discontinue or change the offer period, and/or (iii) remove or add conditions 
and, if it does so, such information in relation to the relevant Securities will be published by way of 
notice which will be available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.luxse.com) and in 
electronic form on Euronext Dublin's website (www.euronext.com/en/euronext-dublin). The consent 
relates only to offer periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
"Investor") purchasing Securities pursuant to a Non-exempt Offer where the offer to the Investor is made 
(i) by an Authorised Offeror (or the Issuer, the Guarantor or Dealer named herein), (ii) in a Member State 
for which the Issuer has given its consent, (iii) during the offer period for which the consent is given and 
(iv) in compliance with the other conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as set forth in the 
relevant Final Terms. However, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealer has any responsibility 
for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with 
applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other Securities law 
requirements in relation to such offer. 
Other than in accordance with the terms set forth in the paragraph above, the Issuer has not authorised 
(and nor has any of the Guarantor or Dealer) the making of any Non-exempt Offers of the Securities or 
the use of this Base Prospectus by any person. No financial intermediary or any other person is permitted 
to use this Base Prospectus in connection with any offer of the Securities in any other circumstances. 
Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer (or the Guarantor or Dealer) and none of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Dealer has any responsibility or liability to any Investor purchasing Securities 
pursuant to such offer or for the actions of any person making such offer. 
If an Investor intends to purchase Securities from an Authorised Offeror, it will do so, and such 
offer and sale will be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between 
such Authorised Offeror and the Investor, including as to price allocations and settlement 
arrangements. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will be a party to any such arrangements and, 
accordingly, this Base Prospectus does not contain such information. The terms and conditions of 
such offer should be provided to the Investor by that Authorised Offeror at the time such offer is 
made. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealer has any responsibility or liability for such 
information. 
5. 
Content of websites does not form part of this Base Prospectus

--- Page 976 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
970 
 
No content of any website, cited or referred to in this Base Prospectus, shall be deemed to form part of, 
or be incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus. The information on any such website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
6. 
Approval of the Base Prospectus 
(a) 
Luxembourg (CSSF and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF"), which is the competent authority for the purpose of the EU Prospectus Regulation, for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Securities (excluding Exempt Securities) by 
JPMSP and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus.  
The CSSF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Pursuant to Article 6(4) 
of the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities ("Luxembourg Prospectus 
Law"), by approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to, and assumes no 
responsibility for, the economic and financial characteristics of the Securities to be issued hereunder or 
the quality and solvency of any Issuer. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
quality of the Securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities. 
The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed the Form of Pricing Supplement and the information 
contained therein, including any information relating the issuance of Exempt Securities or to the section 
entitled "Form of Pricing Supplement". 
The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed any information in relation to offers to the public in 
Switzerland and/or any admission to trading on a multilateral trading facility (MTF) within the EEA. 
This Base Prospectus has also been approved by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the purpose of 
giving information with regard to the issue of Exempt Securities only by JPMSP and JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
(b) 
Ireland (Euronext Dublin) 
This document constitutes Base Listing Particulars (the "Base Listing Particulars") where Securities 
are to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market, which is the 
exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin (the "GEM"), and with respect to such Securities a 
reference to the Base Prospectus in this document shall be deemed to be a reference to the Base Listing 
Particulars. Where Securities are to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the GEM, 
Securities will be issued using a Pricing Supplement. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for 
the approval of this document as Base Listing Particulars. The GEM is not a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU. 
(c) 
The Netherlands (AFM) 
Pursuant to Article 20(8) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten 
(the "AFM"), which is the competent authority for the purpose of the EU Prospectus Regulation, has 
transferred to the CSSF (which has accepted such transfer) its authority for the approval of this Base 
Prospectus in relation to the issue of Securities (excluding Exempt Securities) by JPMSP under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
7. 
Listing and admission to trading 
Applications have also been made for Securities issued by JPMSP and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
within the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List 
and traded on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, or admitted to the Official List 
and traded on the Global Exchange Market ("GEM"), which is the exchange regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 977 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
971 
 
Issuers with securities listed and admitted to trading on GEM, a multilateral trading facility (MTF), are 
not subject to the same rules as issuers with securities listed and admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
The risk in investing in debt securities on GEM may therefore be higher than investing in debt securities 
listed on a regulated market. Investors should take this into account when making investment decisions. 
Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will not be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
unless they have a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
No Warrants or Certificates issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will be admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market. 
Further to the review and approval of the Base Prospectus by the CSSF, application may also be made 
for the Securities to be admitted to listing and/or trading on regulated markets (as from time to time 
determined for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, 
as amended, "MiFID II")) (each, a "Regulated Market") in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area or on any other listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system further to Article 
20(8) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. The relevant Issue Terms in respect of the issue of any Securities 
will specify whether or not an application for admission to the Official List and trading on the Regulated 
Market of the above listed Exchanges or (in respect of the relevant Issue Terms) by or on any other listing 
authority, stock exchange or quotation system will be made. Securities issued under the Programme may 
also be unlisted. 
In respect of Exempt Securities only, this Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. Applications have been made for Exempt Securities issued by JPMSP and JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. within the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
Euro MTF. 
8. 
Passporting 
In accordance with Article 25(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF has been requested to 
provide the following competent authorities with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus of each of JPMSP and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. has been drawn up in accordance with 
the EU Prospectus Regulation: 
• 
Finanzmarktaufsicht (FMA) (Austria); 
• 
Commission bancaire, financière et des assurances (CBFA) (Belgium); 
• 
Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) (France); 
• 
Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) (Germany); 
• 
Central Bank of Ireland (CBI) (Ireland);  
• 
Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) (Italy); 
• 
Financial Market Authority Liechtenstein (FMA) (Liechtenstein); 
• 
Autoriteit Financiële Markten (AFM) (The Netherlands); and 
• 
Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores (CNMV) (Spain);  
9. 
Credit ratings  
The credit ratings of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. referred to in this Base 
Prospectus have been issued by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill 
Companies, Inc. ("S&P"), Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's") and Fitch, Inc. ("Fitch"), none 
of which is established in the European Union or registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011, Directive 2011/61/EU, Regulation (EU) No.462/2013, 
Directive 2014/51/EU and Regulation (EU) No.2017/2402 (the "CRA Regulation"). Each of S&P, 
Moody's and Fitch has a market share of more than 10 per cent. of the total market for credit rating 
agencies, and, accordingly, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. confirms that, notwithstanding the requirement

--- Page 978 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
972 
 
in Article 8d(1) of the CRA Regulation to consider (having appointed at least two credit rating agencies 
to provide credit ratings in respect of itself) appointing at least one credit rating agency with no more 
than 10 per cent. of the total market share, no such credit rating agency has been appointed. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not either (1) issued or validly endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered with the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") under the CRA 
Regulation or (2) issued by a credit rating agency established outside the European Union which is 
certified under the CRA Regulation.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the EU affiliates of (i) Fitch (being Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited), 
(ii) Moody's (being each of Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Ltd., Moody's France S.A.S., Moody's 
Deutschland GmBH, Moody's Italia S.r.l. and Moody's Investors Service España S.A.) and (iii) S&P 
(being S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited) are registered under the CRA Regulation. The ESMA has 
approved the endorsement by such EU affiliates of credit ratings issued by Fitch, Moody's and S&P. 
Accordingly, credit ratings issued by Fitch, Moody's and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in 
the EU. 
Credit ratings may be adjusted over time, and there is no assurance that these credit ratings will be 
effective after the date of this Base Prospectus. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold any Securities. 
A credit rating may be assigned to a specific Series of Securities to be issued under the Programme, and 
any such rating may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied 
for in relation to the relevant series of Securities will be issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
Issue Terms. The list of credit rating agencies registered under the CRA Regulation (as updated from 
time to time) is published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(www.esma.europa.eu). 
As of 18 July 2024, the long term debt of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is rated:  
(a) 
A+ by S&P. An issuer rated 'A' has a strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in 
circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The additional 
'+' denotes a position in the upper end of the rating category; 
(b) 
AA by Fitch. An 'AA' rating denotes expectations of a very low default risk and a very strong 
capacity for payment of financial commitments which is not significantly vulnerable to 
foreseeable events; and 
(c) 
Aa2 by Moody's. Obligations rated 'Aa' are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very 
low credit risk. Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1,2, and 3 to each generic rating 
classification from 'Aa' through to 'Caa'. The modifier 2 indicates a ranking in the middle of the 
generic rating category.  
No rating has been assigned to J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. Further information regarding 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.'s credit ratings can be obtained from their website (). 
10. 
Yield for fixed rate Securities 
The yield for Fixed Rate Notes which is specified in the relevant Issue Terms is calculated as at the Issue 
Price on the Issue Date. It is not an indication of future yield, which will depend on the price at which 
the Securities were acquired. 
11. 
Public Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Securities which are offered to the public will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue Price specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the relevant 
Dealer at the time of the offer of the Securities to the public and will depend, amongst other things, on 
prevailing market conditions at that time. The offer price of such Securities will be the Issue Price or 
such other price as may be agreed between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror making the offer of

--- Page 979 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
973 
 
the Securities to such Investor. Neither the Issuer nor Guarantor (if applicable) will be party to 
arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the 
relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which such Authorised Offeror is offering the 
Securities to such Investor. 
12. 
Fungible issuances 
In the case of any issue of Securities under the Programme which is to be consolidated and form a single 
Series with an existing Series of Securities the first tranche of which was issued on or after 29 March 
2019 and prior to the date of this Base Prospectus or for the purpose of any other Series of Securities in 
respect of which the applicable Final Terms provide that terms and conditions of the securities from the 
2019 Base Prospectus, 2020 Base Prospectus, the 2021 Base Prospectus or the 2022 Base Prospectus (as 
applicable) apply, such Securities will be documented using the 2019 Form of Final Terms, 2020 Form 
of Final Terms, the 2021 Form of Final Terms or the 2022 Form of Final Terms as applicable (which are 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus), save that the first paragraph under the section 
entitled "PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS" of the Form of Final Terms shall be deleted and 
replaced with the following: 
"Terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the General Conditions[, the Payout Conditions] 
and the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [29 March 
2019]/[7 May 2020]/[1 July 2021/[1 July 2022]/[14 September 2023] as supplemented on [2 July 
2019]/[20 November 2020 and 11 March 2021]/[27 July 2021, 18 November 2021 and 9 December 
2021]/[16 November 2023] (the "Original Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"), and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus 
dated 18 July 2024 (the "Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] dated [insert the date(s) for 
supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] to the Base Prospectus] which [together] constitute a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the General Conditions[, 
the Payout Conditions] and the applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions which are extracted from 
the Original Base Prospectus and which are incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. [A 
Summary of the Securities is annexed to these Final Terms.] Full information on the Issuer and the offer 
of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base 
Prospectus (as supplemented), save in respect of the General Conditions, the Payout Conditions and the 
applicable Reference Asset Linked Conditions which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus 
and which are incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus, the Original 
Base Prospectus and any supplements to the Base Prospectus are available from [The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, at Vertigo Building, Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, 
Luxembourg] [BNP Paribas S.A., Germany Branch, Senckenberganlage 19, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany] [and in electronic form on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com)]. 
[These Final Terms together with any notice to the Final Terms may be viewed on the website of the 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (www.borsaitaliana.com) (upon admission to trading).]"  
13. 
Categories of potential investors 
Subject to the restrictions and conditions set out in this Base Prospectus, the categories of potential 
investors to which the Securities are intended to be offered are retail, "high net worth" and institutional 
investors.  
14. 
ISDA Definitions 
Where any amount payable or deliverable under the Securities is calculated by reference to an ISDA 
Rate, the Dealer (or the relevant Distributor) will provide a description of such rate and how it affects 
the amount payable or deliverable under the Securities and related documents, on request by an investor. 
15. 
Money market instruments with less than 12 months of maturity 
Neither JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. nor J.P. Morgan Structured Products B.V. will issue money market 
instruments (within the meaning of Article 17(1) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law) having a maturity 
at the issue of less than 12 months which will be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market under this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 980 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
974 
 
16. 
Non-equity securities and physical delivery of equity securities 
The Securities are not "equity securities" for the purposes of Article 2(b) of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and Article 2(1)(v) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law.  
Notwithstanding anything else in this Base Prospectus, where any Security is to be settled by way of 
Physical Settlement entailing the delivery of Shares as Reference Assets, such Shares shall not be equity 
securities either issued by the Issuer or an entity belonging to the group of the Issuer. For the avoidance 
of doubt, no securities that are exchangeable for or convertible into shares pursuant to Article 19 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 may be issued under this Base Prospectus. 
17. 
Documents to read before purchasing Securities 
If you purchase the Securities described in the Issue Terms after the date of the applicable Issue Terms, 
you should review the most recent version (if any) of the Base Prospectus and each supplement thereafter 
up to (and including) the date of purchase to ensure that you have the most up to date information on the 
relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor on which to base your investment decision (note that the 
terms and conditions of the Securities will remain as described in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
version of the Base Prospectus described in the Issue Terms, subject to any amendments notified to 
Holders). Each supplement and replacement version (if any) to the Base Prospectus can be found on 
(www.luxse.com) and (https://sp.jpmorgan.com/spweb/index.html).

--- Page 981 ---
General Information 
 
975 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisations 
JPMSP 
The establishment of the Programme and the issuances of Securities by JPMSP under the 
Programme were authorised by a meeting of the Board of Directors of JPMSP dated 20 March 
2019 which has appointed an authorisation committee of the Board of Directors of JPMSP to 
authorise issuances of Securities at the time of such issuances. The update of the Programme 
was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors dated 9 July 2024. 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
The giving of the Guarantee has been authorised pursuant to resolutions adopted by the Board 
of Directors of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The issuances of Securities by JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. under the Programme were authorised pursuant to resolutions of the Borrowings 
Committee of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. dated 26 June 2024.  
2. 
Clearing and Settlement 
Each Issue Terms in relation to each Series of Securities will specify whether the Securities 
have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (and, if 
applicable, for settlement in CREST via the CREST Depository Interest (CDI) mechanism), 
Euroclear France, Clearstream Frankfurt, SIX SIS or any other Relevant Clearing System, as 
the case may be. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) 
and/or identification number for any other Relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, for 
each Series of Securities will be set out in the relevant Issue Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is: 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II B-1210 Brussels, Belgium 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is: 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg 
The address of Clearstream Frankfurt is: Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany 
The address of Euroclear France is: 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris 
The address of SIX SIS is: Baslerstrasse 100, CH-4600 Olten, Switzerland 
The address of CREST is: 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB, United Kingdom 
3. 
Publication on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
With respect to any issue of Securities admitted to the Official List and traded on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, this Base Prospectus, each supplement hereto, any document incorporated by 
reference herein and the relevant Final Terms will be published on and available electronically 
from the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com) free of charge during the 
life of this Base Prospectus. For so long as any Securities are listed on any other stock exchange 
or listing authority, such documents shall be published in accordance with the rules of such 
stock exchange or listing authority. 
4. 
Publication on the website of Euronext Dublin 
With respect to any issue of Securities admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on 
the Global Exchange Market, which is the exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin this 
Base Prospectus, each supplement hereto, any document incorporated by reference herein and 
the relevant Final Terms will be published on and available electronically from Euronext 
Dublin's website (www.euronext.com/en/euronext-dublin) free of charge during the life of this 
Base Prospectus. For so long as any Securities are listed on any other stock exchange or listing 
authority, such documents shall be published in accordance with the rules of such stock 
exchange or listing authority.

--- Page 982 ---
General Information 
 
976 
 
5. 
Documents on Display 
The following documents, or copies thereof, will be available free of charge for as long as the 
securities are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market 
of Euronext Dublin or the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, during normal 
business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), in physical 
or electronic form, for inspection at the office of the Principal Programme Agent, at the office 
of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, at the office of the Irish listing agent, or at the office of 
each Relevant Programme Agent, as the case may be: 
(a) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus, including any documents incorporated in this Base 
Prospectus or any supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(b) 
any Issue Terms relating to Securities which are admitted to listing or trading on or by 
any listing authority or stock exchange; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Bearer Global Notes, the 
Registered Global Notes, the Registered Definitive Notes, the Global Certificates and 
the Global Warrants), as amended from time to time; 
(d) 
the Deed of Covenant as amended from time to time;  
(e) 
the Guarantee as amended from time to time; and 
(f) 
any supplement or amendment to any of the foregoing. 
6. 
Limitations on admission to trading on a regulated market of certain securities of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
No Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area unless they have a minimum denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Warrants and Certificates issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will not be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the European Economic Area. 
7. 
Rule 144A Information 
With respect to any Rule 144A Securities and Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities, at any time 
when any Issuer or any Guarantor is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
is not exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act, upon the 
request of a Holder or beneficial owner of a Security, such Issuer or such Guarantor shall 
promptly furnish or cause to be furnished "Rule 144A Information" to such Holder or beneficial 
owner, to an investor in such Security designated by such Holder or beneficial owner, or to the 
Principal Programme Agent for delivery to such Holder or beneficial owner or to an investor in 
such Security designated by such Holder or beneficial owner, as the case may be, in order to 
permit compliance by such Holder or beneficial owner of such Security with Rule 144A in 
connection with the resale of such Security by such Holder or beneficial owner of such Security, 
respectively. 
"Rule 144A Information" means such information as is specified pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) 
under the Securities Act (or any successor provision thereto). 
8. 
De-listing 
The Issuer has no duty to maintain the listing (if any) of the Securities on the relevant stock 
exchange(s) over their entire lifetime. Securities may be suspended from trading and/or de-listed 
at any time in accordance with applicable rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange(s). 
9. 
No material adverse change in prospects or significant change in financial or trading 
position or financial performance

--- Page 983 ---
General Information 
 
977 
 
JPMSP 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of JPMSP since 31 December 2023.  
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position or financial 
performance of JPMSP since 31 December 2023.  
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
since 31 December 2023.  
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position or financial 
performance of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 
December 2023.  
10. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
JPMSP 
JPMSP is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
that are material during the 12-month period ending on the date of this Base Prospectus which 
may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or 
profitability of JPMSP nor, so far as JPMSP is aware, are any such governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings pending or threatened. 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Save as disclosed in the section entitled "JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. – Litigation" on pages 
51 to 55 of the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Registration Document and incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is not and has not been 
involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that are material during the 12-
month period ending on the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the 
recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. nor, so far as JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is aware, are any such governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings pending or threatened.

--- Page 984 ---
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 
978 
 
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference herein, 
are forward-looking statements. These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate 
strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements often use words such as "anticipate," 
"target," "expect," "estimate," "intend," "plan," "goal," "believe," or other words of similar meaning. 
Forward-looking statements provide JPMorgan Chase's ("JPMorgan Chase" being JPMorgan Chase & 
Co. (the parent company of the group) together with its consolidated subsidiaries) current expectations 
or forecasts of future events, circumstances, results or aspirations. JPMorgan Chase's disclosures in this 
Base Prospectus contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. JPMorgan Chase also may make forward-looking statements in its other 
documents filed or furnished with the SEC. In addition, JPMorgan Chase's senior management may make 
forward-looking statements orally to investors, analysts, representatives of the media and others. 
All forward-looking statements are, by their nature, subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are 
beyond JPMorgan Chase's control. JPMorgan Chase's actual future results may differ materially from 
those set forth in its forward-looking statements. While there is no assurance that any list of risks and 
uncertainties or risk factors is complete, below are certain factors which could cause actual results to 
differ from those in the forward-looking statements:  
• 
local, regional and global business, economic and political conditions and geopolitical events, 
including geopolitical tensions and hostilities; 
• 
changes in laws, rules and regulatory requirements, including capital and liquidity requirements 
affecting the businesses of JPMorgan Chase, and the ability of JPMorgan Chase to address those 
requirements; 
• 
heightened regulatory and governmental oversight and scrutiny of JPMorgan Chase's business 
practices, including dealings with retail customers; 
• 
changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws; 
• 
changes in the level of inflation;  
• 
changes in income tax laws, rules and regulations; 
• 
changes in FDIC assessments; 
• 
securities and capital markets behaviour, including changes in market liquidity and volatility; 
• 
changes in investor sentiment or consumer spending or savings behaviour; 
• 
ability of JPMorgan Chase to manage effectively its capital and liquidity; 
• 
changes in credit ratings assigned to JPMorgan Chase & Co. or its subsidiaries; 
• 
damage to JPMorgan Chase's reputation; 
• 
ability of JPMorgan Chase to appropriately address social, environmental and sustainability 
concerns that may arise, including from its business activities; 
• 
ability of JPMorgan Chase to deal effectively with an economic slowdown or other economic 
or market disruption, including, but not limited to, in the interest rate environment; 
• 
technology changes instituted by JPMorgan Chase, its counterparties or competitors; 
• 
the effectiveness of JPMorgan Chase's control agenda; 
• 
ability of JPMorgan Chase to develop or discontinue products and services, and the extent to 
which products or services previously sold by JPMorgan Chase require it to incur liabilities or 
absorb losses not contemplated at their initiation or origination;

--- Page 985 ---
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 
979 
 
• 
acceptance of JPMorgan Chase's new and existing products and services by the marketplace and 
the ability of JPMorgan Chase to innovate and to increase market share; 
• 
ability of JPMorgan Chase to attract and retain qualified and diverse employees; 
• 
ability of JPMorgan Chase to control expenses; 
• 
competitive pressures; 
• 
changes in the credit quality of JPMorgan Chase's clients, customers and counterparties; 
• 
adequacy of JPMorgan Chase's risk management framework, disclosure controls and procedures 
and internal control over financial reporting; 
• 
adverse judicial or regulatory proceedings; 
• 
ability of JPMorgan Chase to determine accurate values of certain assets and liabilities; 
• 
occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or calamities, including health emergencies, the 
spread of infectious diseases, epidemics or pandemics, an outbreak or escalation of hostilities 
or other geopolitical instabilities, the effects of climate change or extraordinary events beyond 
the JPMorgan Chase's control, and the JPMorgan Chase's ability to deal effectively with 
disruptions caused by the foregoing; 
• 
ability of JPMorgan Chase to maintain the security of its financial, accounting, technology, data 
processing and other operational systems and facilities; 
• 
ability of JPMorgan Chase to withstand disruptions that may be caused by any failure of its 
operational systems or those of third parties; 
• 
ability of JPMorgan Chase to effectively defend itself against cyber attacks and other attempts 
by unauthorised parties to access information of JPMorgan Chase or its customers or to disrupt 
JPMorgan Chase's systems; and 
• 
the other risks and uncertainties detailed in Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors, in JPMorgan Chase & 
Co's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 31 December 2023.  
Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of JPMorgan Chase & Co. speak only as of the 
date they are made and JPMorgan Chase & Co. does not undertake to update forward-looking statements 
to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statements 
were made. As a result, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
Investors should, however, consult any further disclosures of a forward-looking nature which JPMorgan 
Chase & Co. may make in any subsequent Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 
10-Q, or Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC.

--- Page 986 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
980 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
Page 
Page 
$ ...................................................................... 6 
£ .............................................................. 6, 352 
€ .............................................................. 6, 329 
€STR..................................5, 33, 236, 258, 400 
€STRi ......................................... 236, 258, 400 
€STRi-pLBD ...................................... 236, 258 
10-year Limitation Date ............................. 552 
14 September 2023 Guarantee .................... 838 
2.5-year Limitation Date ............................ 552 
2006 Definitions ......................................... 338 
2014 Definitions ................................. 162, 582 
2019 Base Prospectus ................................. 127 
2019 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 4 ... 127 
2019 Form of Final Terms .......................... 129 
2020 Base Prospectus ................................. 127 
2020 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 9 ... 127 
2020 Form of Final Terms .......................... 129 
2021 Base Prospectus ................................. 127 
2021 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 5 ... 127 
2021 Base Prospectus Supplement No. 6 ... 127 
2021 Definitions ......................................... 338 
2021 Form of Final Terms .......................... 129 
2022 Base Prospectus ................................. 127 
2022 Form of Final Terms .......................... 130 
2023 Base Prospectus ................................. 127 
2023 Form of Final Terms .......................... 130 
25 per cent. Limit ....................................... 890 
30/360 ......................................................... 321 
30E/360 ...................................................... 322 
30E/360 (ISDA) ......................................... 322 
360/360 ....................................................... 321 
Accelerated or Matured .............................. 577 
Acceleration Date ............................... 281, 313 
Acceptable Exchange ................................. 465 
accrued OID ............................................... 901 
Accumulated Loss ...................................... 527 
acquisition premium ................................... 902 
Actual/360 .................................................. 321 
Actual/365 (Fixed)...................................... 321 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ................................ 321 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................................. 321 
Additional Amounts ........................... 285, 313 
Additional Disruption Event463, 479, 493, 509, 
606 
Additional Disruption Events ............. 463, 606 
Additional Financial Centre(s) ................... 315 
Additional Instalment ................................. 527 
Additional Instalment Date ......................... 527 
Additional Interest Amount ................ 522, 524 
Additional Interest Payment Date ............... 527 
Additional Screen Page .............................. 503 
Adjusted Arithmetic Mean ......................... 313 
Adjusted Asset Initial Valuation Date ........ 390 
Adjusted Asset Valuation Date................... 390 
adjusted issue price ............................. 901, 905 
Adjusted Scheduled Pricing Date ............... 493 
Adjusted Share Valuation Date ................... 390 
Adjustment Amount .................................... 591 
Adjustment Calculation Date ...................... 527 
Adjustment Date ......................................... 313 
Administrator/Benchmark Event313, 479, 494, 
509 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Effective Date
 .................................................................... 314 
Administrators ............................................ 594 
ADRs ............................................................ 54 
Affected Amount ........................................ 275 
Affected Currency ....................................... 354 
Affected Exchange Traded Fund ................ 462 
Affected Fund ............................... 82, 600, 606 
Affected FX Rate ........................................ 507 
Affected Reference Entity ................... 527, 588 
Affiliate ............................... 314, 538, 632, 840 
Affiliate of the Company ............................ 886 
AFM ............................................................ 970 
AFWAR ...................................................... 390 
AFWP ......................................................... 390 
Agency Agreement ..................... 208, 314, 836 
Agents ......................................................... 314 
Aggregate Final Weighted Asset Return ..... 390 
Aggregate Final Weighted Performance ..... 390 
Aggregate Preceding Coupon Amounts ...... 390 
All Exchanges ..................................... 469, 484 
Allocation (i) ............................................... 390 
Alternative Recommended Rate ......... 238, 261 
American Style ........................................... 314 
AMF ............................................................ 850 
amortisable .................................................. 908 
Amounts Due .............................................. 314 
an offer of Securities to the public .............. 849 
Annex Date ................................................. 527 
Announcement Date .................... 459, 461, 463 
AP(CVD) .................................................... 391 
APCA .......................................................... 391 
Applicable Auction ..................................... 528 
Applicable Auction Final Price ................... 528 
Applicable 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Auction 
Settlement Terms ........................................ 528 
Applicable Event Determination Date ........ 528 
applicable law ............................................. 283 
Applicable Rate ........................................... 335 
Applicable Request ..................................... 528 
Applicable Resolution ................................. 528 
Arranger .......................................................... 4 
ASIC ........................................................... 846 
Asset ........................................................... 538 
Asset Market Value..................................... 538 
Asset Package ............................................. 539 
Asset Package Credit Event ........................ 539 
Asset Package Valuation ............................. 539 
Asset Performance ...................................... 391 
Asset Return ................................................ 391

--- Page 987 ---
981 
 
Assignable Loan ......................................... 576 
Auction ....................................... 169, 539, 588 
Auction Cancellation Date ......................... 539 
Auction Covered Transaction ..................... 539 
Auction Covered Transactions ................... 594 
Auction Currency Fixing Date ................... 594 
Auction Currency Rate ............................... 590 
Auction Date............................................... 594 
Auction Final Price ............................... 70, 539 
Auction Final Price Determination Date ... 539, 
594 
Auction Methodology ................................. 588 
Auction Settlement ............................... 70, 545 
Auction Settlement Date ............................. 594 
AUM Threshold ......................................... 609 
AUM Threshold Percentage ....................... 609 
Authorised Offeror ..................................... 969 
Authorised Offeror(s) ................................. 814 
Authorities .................................................. 861 
Automatic 
Acceleration 
Event 
(Delivery 
Default) ............................................... 282, 314 
Automatic 
Acceleration 
Event 
(Payment 
Default) ............................................... 281, 314 
Automatic Exercise .................................... 314 
Automatic Exercise Warrant Notice ... 270, 314 
Averaging Date ............ 391, 464, 479, 509, 606 
Averaging Observation Period ................... 391 
Averaging Observation Period End Date ... 391 
Averaging Observation Period Start Date .. 391 
Bail-in Power .............................................. 314 
Bank ........................................................... 315 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive... 115 
Banking Act ................................................ 853 
Bankruptcy ................................................. 539 
Bappebti ..................................................... 851 
Barrier Event .............................................. 391 
Barrier Event 1 ........................................... 392 
Barrier Event 2 ........................................... 392 
Barrier Event Strike .................................... 393 
Barrier Event Strike 1 ................................. 393 
Barrier Event Strike 2 ................................. 393 
Barrier Observation Period ......................... 393 
Barrier Observation Period 1 ...................... 393 
Barrier Observation Period 2 ...................... 394 
Barrier Observation Period End Date ......... 394 
Barrier Observation Period End Date 1 ...... 394 
Barrier Observation Period End Date 2 ...... 394 
Barrier Observation Period Start Date ........ 394 
Barrier Observation Period Start Date 1 ..... 394 
Barrier Observation Period Start Date 2 ..... 394 
Barrier Performance Event ......................... 394 
Barrier Performance Observation Period .... 395 
Barrier Performance Observation Period End 
Date ............................................................ 395 
Barrier Performance Observation Period Start 
Date ............................................................ 395 
Barrier Performance Strike ......................... 395 
Barrier Reference Date ............................... 395 
Barrier Reference Date 1 ............................ 395 
Barrier Reference Date 2 ............................ 395 
Base Currency ..................................... 395, 509 
Base Currency/Reference Currency Rate .... 511 
Base Listing Particulars .............................. 970 
Base Prospectus ...... ii, 657, 820, 836, 968, 973 
Basket of Reference Assets ......................... 395 
Bearer Global Security .......................... 12, 315 
Bearer Notes ............................................... 315 
Bearer Securities ......................................... 315 
Benchmarks Regulation ................................ 31 
Beneficiaries ............................................... 836 
Beneficiary .................................................. 836 
Benefit Plan Investors ................................. 890 
Bermudan Style ........................................... 315 
Best Final Value .......................................... 396 
Best Initial Value ........................................ 396 
Best Reference Asset .................................. 396 
BGB ............................................................ 292 
Bid ............................................................... 564 
Bloomberg Screen ....................................... 494 
Bond ............................................................ 558 
Bond Basis .................................................. 321 
Bond Linked Provisions ........................ 12, 209 
Bond Linked Securities ................................. 11 
Bond or Loan .............................................. 558 
Bonus .......................................................... 396 
Book-Entry Register ................................... 217 
Book-Entry Registrar .................................. 217 
Borrowed Money ........................................ 558 
British Virgin Islands business company .... 848 
Broken Amount ........................................... 315 
BRRD ......................................................... 115 
Buffer Percentage........................................ 396 
Bullion ........................................................ 494 
Bullion Business Day .................................. 494 
Bullion Business Day Convention .............. 494 
Bullion Reference Dealers .......................... 494 
Business Day ............................... 315, 594, 632 
Business Day Convention ................... 315, 396 
BVI ............................................................. 848 
CA ............................................................... 396 
Calculation Agent ....................................... 316 
Calculation Agent City ............................... 540 
Calculation Agent City Business Day ......... 540 
Calculation Agent Determination ....... 494, 509 
Calculation Amount ............................ 316, 396 
Calculation Period ....................................... 321 
Call Option Exercise Date........................... 316 
Cap .............................................................. 396 
Cap Amount ................................................ 594 
Capital Ratio ............................................... 581 
CapUp ......................................................... 396 
CA's Securities Valuation Right ................. 107 
Cash Index .................................................. 606 
Cash Index Substitution Date ...................... 606 
Cash Redemption Proceeds ................. 604, 606 
Cash Settlement .................................. 316, 575 
CCAF .......................................................... 854 
CDDC ......................................................... 166 
CDI ....................................... 12, 211, 811, 828 
CDIs ................................................ 5, 842, 880

--- Page 988 ---
982 
 
Central Bank ............................................... 852 
Certificate Fixed Coupon Amount ............. 316 
Certificates.......................................... 208, 316 
CF ............................................................... 396 
CFDM ......................................................... 396 
CFTC ................................................ ii, 66, 495 
CGT ............................................................ 966 
Change in Law ............. 464, 479, 495, 509, 606 
Change in Law (Hedge) .............................. 289 
CIT ............................................................. 952 
Clearance System ....................................... 464 
Clearance System Business Day................. 464 
clearing agency ........................................... 212 
clearing system business day .............. 268, 274 
Clearing System Business Day ................... 316 
Clearstream Frankfurt ........................... 12, 316 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .................... 12, 316 
Closing Commodity Index Level ....... 396, 495 
Closing Fund Price ............................. 396, 607 
Closing Index Level ........................... 396, 479 
Closing Share Price ............................ 396, 464 
CMSA ......................................................... 854 
COBS ......................................................... 818 
CoCo Provision .......................................... 581 
Code316, 847, 878, 879, 881, 882, 883, 884, 
885, 888 
Code of the Philippines .............................. 855 
Collateraliii, 14, 95, 97, 100, 109, 110, 111, 
646, 836 
Collateral Addition ............................. 113, 114 
Collateral Agreements ................................ 316 
Collateral Agreements Termination Event . 316 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) iii, 3, 316, 646, 837 
Collateral Custodian (UK) . iii, 4, 316, 646, 837 
Collateral Monitoring Agent ...................... 317 
Collateral Monitoring Agreement .............. 317 
Collateral Pool .................................... 317, 650 
Collateral Pool Enforcement Event ............ 651 
Collateral Provider....... iii, 1, 11, 317, 646, 836 
Collateral Provider's Securities Valuation Right
 ............................................................ 103, 107 
Collateral Substitution ........................ 113, 114 
Collective Investment Fund Tax................. 938 
Commodities .............................................. 495 
Commodity ......................................... 396, 495 
Commodity - Reference Dealers ................ 497 
Commodity Business Day .......................... 495 
Commodity Business Day Convention ....... 495 
Commodity Exchange Act ............................. ii 
Commodity Hedging Disruption ................ 496 
Commodity High Price ............................... 496 
Commodity Index ............................... 396, 496 
Commodity Index Adjustment Event ......... 496 
Commodity Index Adjustment Events ....... 491 
Commodity Index Level ..................... 396, 496 
Commodity Index Sponsor ......................... 497 
Commodity Index Sponsor Business Centre
 .................................................................... 497 
Commodity Index Strike Level .................. 497 
Commodity Indices .................................... 496 
Commodity Linked Provisions ..... 11, 209, 317 
Commodity Linked Securities .............. 10, 317 
Commodity Low Price ................................ 497 
Commodity Price ................................ 396, 497 
Commodity Reference Price ............... 396, 497 
Commodity Strike Price .............................. 498 
Common Safekeeper ............................. 13, 209 
Company ..................................................... 886 
comparable yield ......................................... 905 
Component .................................................. 479 
Component Clearance System .................... 480 
Component Clearance System Business Day
 .................................................................... 480 
Compounded Daily €STR ........... 235, 257, 399 
Compounded Daily €STR Recommended 
Fallback Rate .............................................. 317 
Compounded Daily SOFR .................. 230, 252 
Compounded Daily SOFR Recommended 
Fallback Rate .............................................. 317 
Compounded Daily SONIA ........ 227, 249, 406 
Compounded Daily SONIA Recommended 
Fallback Rate .............................................. 318 
Compounded Daily TONA ................. 233, 256 
Compounded Daily TONA Recommended 
Fallback Rate .............................................. 318 
Compounded Index ..................................... 319 
Compounded RFR ...................................... 319 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation ....... 540 
Conditions ........................................... 209, 319 
Conforming Reference Obligation .............. 540 
Consent Required Loan ............................... 576 
Constituting Instrument .............................. 319 
Constitutional Documents ........................... 612 
Contingent ................................................... 403 
Contingent Floating Rate ............................ 397 
Contingent 
Floating 
Rate 
(€STR 
Determination) ............................................ 399 
Contingent Floating Rate (ISDA Rate) ....... 401 
Contingent Floating Rate (Screen Rate) ..... 401 
Contingent Floating Rate (SOFR (Non-Index 
Determination ............................................. 404 
Contingent Floating Rate (SONIA (Index 
Determination)) ........................................... 405 
Contingent Floating Rate (SONIA (Non-Index 
Determination)) ........................................... 406 
Contingent 
Floating 
Rate 
(TONA 
Determination) ............................................ 408 
Contingent 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
Determination Date ..................................... 398 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period ... 397 
Contingent Floating Rate Coupon Period End 
Date ............................................................. 398 
Contingent Floating Rate Disruption .......... 402 
Contingent Securities .................................. 904 
Contingent Substitution Right ....... 95, 104, 110 
Controlling Person ...................................... 890 
Convening Notice ....................................... 618 
Converted Currency .................................... 409 
Corporations Act ......................................... 846 
Corrected Rate .................................... 242, 264

--- Page 989 ---
983 
 
Counterparty A ........................................... 335 
Counterparty B ........................................... 335 
Coupon Amount ......................... 242, 246, 319 
Coupon Average Closing Value ................. 409 
Coupon Average Fund Price....................... 409 
Coupon Average FX Rate .......................... 410 
Coupon Average Index Level ..................... 410 
Coupon Average Relevant Performance .... 410 
Coupon Average Share Price ...................... 410 
Coupon Barrier Event ................................. 410 
Coupon Barrier Level ................................. 412 
Coupon Commencement Date .................... 319 
Coupon Event ............................................. 412 
Coupon Factor ............................................ 414 
Coupon Factor Denominator ...................... 414 
Coupon Factor Denominator Multiplier ..... 414 
Coupon Factor Numerator .......................... 414 
Coupon Factor Performance ....................... 414 
Coupon Level ............................................. 414 
Coupon Leverage ....................................... 414 
Coupon Lock-in Event ............................... 414 
Coupon Lock-in Level ................................ 415 
Coupon Observation Date .......................... 415 
Coupon Observation Period ....................... 415 
Coupon Observation Period End Date ........ 415 
Coupon Observation Period Start Date....... 416 
Coupon Participation .................................. 416 
Coupon Payment Date ................................ 416 
Coupon Payment Date(s) ............................ 319 
Coupon Payment Table .............................. 320 
Coupon Period ............................................ 320 
Coupon Period (Drop Back) ....................... 416 
Coupon Period End Date ............................ 320 
Coupon Rate ............................................... 416 
Coupon Reference Asset(s) ........................ 416 
Coupon Strike ............................................. 416 
Coupon Valuation Date320, 416, 465, 480, 
498, 509, 607 
Coupon Value ............................................. 320 
CRA Regulation ......................................... 971 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms
 .................................................................... 540 
Credit Derivatives Definitions .............. 73, 540 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee
 .................................................................... 540 
Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix
 .................................................................... 540 
Credit Derivatives Transaction ................... 551 
Credit Event ........................................ 160, 541 
Credit Event Backstop Date ....................... 542 
Credit Event Notice .................................... 542 
Credit Event Resolution ............................. 583 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date ....... 543 
Credit Index ........................................ 320, 528 
Credit Index Linked CLN ........................... 167 
Credit Index Tranched CLN ....................... 516 
Credit Index Untranched CLN ................... 516 
Credit Indices ............................................. 320 
Credit Linked Provisions ............... iv, 209, 320 
Credit Linked Securities ....................... 10, 320 
Credit Observation Date ............................. 166 
Credit Observation End Date ...................... 543 
Credit Observation Period ........................... 543 
Credit Observation Start Date ..................... 543 
Credit Position ............................ 173, 528, 543 
CREST .............................. 5, 13, 211, 811, 828 
CREST CDI Securities ................. 12, 211, 320 
CREST Deed Poll ....................................... 842 
CREST Depository ..................................... 842 
CREST Depository Interests ....................... 842 
CREST Manual ........................................... 843 
CRR ............................................................ 578 
CSSF ............................................... ii, 846, 970 
Cumulated Interest (t - 1) ............................ 417 
Cumulated Interest (t) ................................. 417 
Currency Pair .............................................. 512 
Currency Rate Source ................................. 594 
Currency Substitution Event ....................... 284 
Currency-Reference Dealers ....................... 509 
current value ............................................... 903 
Custodian .................................................... 617 
Cut-off Date ................................................ 528 
d227, 229, 230, 235, 250, 253, 258, 399, 404, 
406, 407 
d0 ........ 228, 230, 235, 250, 258, 399, 404, 407 
D1 ............................................................... 322 
D2 ....................................................... 322, 323 
Daily Coupon DCF ..................................... 417 
Daily Coupon Period ................................... 417 
Daily Coupon Period End Date ................... 417 
Daily Coupon Period Start Date .................. 417 
Daily Coupon Rate ...................................... 417 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level ........................................................... 417 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Date 321, 
418 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Event
 ............................................................ 321, 418 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation Period.............................. 321, 419 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation Period End Date ...................... 419 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation Period Start Date ..................... 420 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Reference Asset(s) ...................................... 420 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation 
Date ..................................................... 321, 420 
Daily Observation Number of Business Days
 .................................................................... 420 
Day Count Fraction ............................. 321, 420 
db ................................................ 234, 256, 408 
DB Total Number of Days .......................... 420 
DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date 543 
DC Credit Event Announcement ................ 543 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement .. 543 
DC Credit Event Question .......................... 543 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal .......... 544 
DC No Credit Event Announcement........... 544 
DC Party ..................................................... 544

--- Page 990 ---
984 
 
DC Resolution ............................................ 544 
DC Rules ............................................ 544, 632 
DC Secretary .............................. 544, 582, 632 
de minimis threshold .................................. 901 
Dealer ................................................. 323, 544 
Decree 201 .................................................. 944 
Decree 239 .................................................. 937 
Decree 351 .................................................. 938 
Decree No. 461 ........................................... 937 
Deed of Covenant ............................... 208, 323 
Deed Poll ............................................ 309, 323 
Default Business Day ................................. 275 
Default Fallback Valuation Date 466, 481, 510 
Default FX Business Day ........................... 510 
Default Requirement .................................. 544 
Default Right .............................................. 840 
Defaulted Credit ......................................... 544 
Deferral Notice ........................................... 528 
Deferral Notice Delivery Period ................. 528 
Deferred Coupon Amount .......................... 361 
Deferred Memory Coupon Amount ........... 361 
Delayed Publication or Announcement ...... 498 
Delisting ..................................................... 465 
Deliver ........................................................ 632 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions .............. 544 
Deliverable Obligation Terms .................... 544 
Deliverable Obligations .............................. 169 
Deliverable Reference Asset ...................... 420 
Delivered .................................................... 633 
Delivery ...................................................... 633 
Delivery Agent ........................................... 323 
Delivery Date .............. 278, 323, 498, 502, 503 
Delivery Expenses ...................................... 323 
Departing Country ...................................... 284 
Deposit Agreement ..................................... 465 
Depository .................................................. 465 
Derivatives Issuers........................................ 59 
Designated Maturity ................... 520, 522, 524 
Determinable Amount ................................ 341 
Determination Date .................................... 528 
DFSA .......................................................... 861 
Direct Loan Participation ........................... 577 
Direct Participants ...................................... 841 
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price
 .................................................................... 499 
Disbursing Agent ........................................ 935 
Discontinued Reference Rate ............. 237, 259 
Discount Security ....................................... 900 
disqualified persons .................................... 888 
Disrupted Day ............................. 465, 480, 607 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price ............... 323 
Disruption Event ................................. 289, 607 
Disruption Fallback ............................ 499, 510 
distributor ................................................... 818 
Dodd-Frank Act ............................................ 66 
Domestic Currency ..................................... 544 
Domestic Law ............................................. 544 
Double Barrier Event .................................. 420 
Double Barrier Event 1 ............................... 420 
Double Barrier Event 2 ............................... 421 
Downside Cap ............................................. 421 
Downside Floor ........................................... 421 
Downside Gearing ...................................... 421 
Downstream Affiliate .................................. 544 
DR Amendment .......................................... 465 
DTC .............................................. 12, 323, 876 
DTC Custodian ........................................... 323 
DTCC .......................................................... 842 
Due and Payable Amount ........................... 544 
DVP/RVP.................................................... 877 
DwnPFI ....................................................... 421 
Early Closure ...................................... 465, 480 
Early Payment Amount ............... 281, 323, 633 
Early Payment Amount 1 ............................ 323 
Early Payment Amount 2 ............................ 324 
Early Payment Amount 3 ............................ 324 
Early Payment Amount 4 ............................ 326 
Early Payment Valuation Date .................... 633 
Early Payment Valuation Period ................. 327 
Early Redemption Amount ................. 328, 421 
Early Redemption Barrier ........................... 422 
Early Redemption Date ....................... 328, 422 
Early Redemption Event ..................... 328, 422 
Early Redemption Event 1 .......................... 422 
Early Redemption Event 2 .......................... 422 
Early Redemption Event 3 .......................... 422 
Early Redemption Reference Asset(s) ........ 423 
Early Redemption Strike ............................. 423 
Early Redemption Valuation Date327, 
328, 
423 
Early Redemption Value ............................. 423 
EC Treaty ............................................ 329, 633 
ECB ............................................................... 38 
ECI Holder .......................................... 221, 868 
ECP ............................................................. 869 
EDFR .......................................................... 317 
EEA ..................................................... 655, 818 
Effective Date ..................... 329, 402, 529, 838 
Electronic Consent ...................................... 303 
Eligible Collateral ....................................... 653 
eligible contract participant ......................... 869 
Eligible Contract Participant872, 873, 874, 875 
Eligible Information .................................... 545 
Eligible Investor Certification ..................... 329 
Eligible Investors ................................ 329, 869 
Eligible Projects .......................................... 831 
Eligible Transferee ...................................... 545 
EMIR ............................................................ 67 
Enforcement Event...................................... 649 
English Law Charge ....................... iii, 646, 837 
English Law Charge (A) ....... 99, 103, 112, 114 
English Law Charge (B) ..... 100, 104, 112, 114 
English Law Charges .................................. 109 
Enhanced Coupon Event 1 .......................... 423 
Enhanced Coupon Event 2 .......................... 424 
Enhanced Coupon Level 1 .......................... 426 
Enhanced Coupon Level 2 .......................... 426 
Enhanced Coupon Rate ............................... 426 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 1 ......... 426 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Asset 2 ......... 426

--- Page 991 ---
985 
 
Equity Certification ............................ 329, 886 
Equity Performance .................................... 426 
ER Average Closing Value ........................ 426 
ER Average Fund Price .............................. 427 
ER Average FX Rate .................................. 427 
ER Average Index Level ............................ 427 
ER Average Share Price ............................. 427 
ERISA . 223, 879, 881, 882, 883, 884, 885, 888 
ESMA ............................................... 5, 32, 972 
Established Rate ......................................... 329 
ETF ................................................................ iv 
ETF - Successor Index Event Provision ..... 463 
ETFs ............................................................. 54 
EU Benchmarks Regulation ..................... 5, 31 
EU PRIIPs KID Regulation ........................ 849 
EU PRIIPs Regulation ............................ 2, 655 
EU Prospectus Regulation329, 657, 821, 849, 
968, 973 
EU Short Selling Regulation ........................ 47 
EU Taxonomy .............................................. 50 
EUR ........................................................ 6, 329 
EURIBOR .................................................. 329 
euro ......................................................... 6, 329 
Eurobond Basis ........................................... 322 
Euroclear .............................................. 12, 329 
Euroclear France ................................... 13, 329 
Euroclear France Account Holder .............. 329 
Euronext Dublin ............................................. 5 
European Style ........................................... 329 
EuroSTR ......................................................... 5 
EuroTLX .................................................... 339 
Euro-zone ................................................... 329 
EUWA .................................... 2, 655, 818, 862 
Event Determination Date .......................... 545 
Event of Default ................................. 280, 330 
Excess Gain ................................................ 912 
Exchange .................................... 466, 480, 499 
Exchange Act ..................................... 330, 869 
Exchange Bonds or Loans .......................... 573 
Exchange Business Day ..................... 466, 481 
Exchange Control Event ............................. 284 
Exchange Date ............................................ 330 
Exchange Disruption .......................... 466, 481 
Exchange Notice ......................................... 294 
Exchange Traded Fund ............................... 466 
Exclude Accrued Interest ........................... 546 
Excluded Obligation ................................... 547 
Excluded Valuation Obligation .................. 547 
Exempt Securities .................................. iv, 207 
Exercise Amount ........................ 173, 330, 534 
Exercise Cut-off Date ................................. 547 
Exercise Date .............................................. 330 
Exercise Notice ........................................... 330 
Exercise Period ........................................... 330 
Expenses ..................................................... 331 
Expiration Date ........................................... 331 
Extended Maturity Date ............................. 633 
Extended Relevant Payment Date ...... 603, 607 
Extension Date ................................... 174, 547 
Extraordinary Event.................................... 466 
Extraordinary Event Date............................ 466 
Extraordinary Events .................................. 466 
Extraordinary Events – NAV Publication 
Suspension (ETF)........................................ 466 
Extraordinary Events – Underlying Index 
Cancellation (ETF)...................................... 466 
Extraordinary Events – Underlying Index 
Modification (ETF) ..................................... 466 
Extraordinary Hedge Bail-in Event ..... 179, 283 
Extraordinary Hedge Currency Disruption 
Event ................................................... 179, 284 
Extraordinary Hedge Disruption Event179, 282 
Extraordinary Hedge Sanctions Event 179, 283 
Extraordinary Resolution ............................ 331 
Failure to Pay .............................................. 548 
Fallback €STR ............................................ 317 
Fallback Pricing Date .................................. 499 
Fallback Reference Dealers ........................ 499 
Fallback Reference Price .................... 499, 510 
Fallback Settlement Method ....................... 548 
Fallback SOFR ............................................ 317 
Fallback SONIA.......................................... 318 
Fallback TONA ........................................... 318 
Fallback TONA Fixing Day ........................ 319 
Fallback Valuation Date ..... 466, 481, 510, 607 
FATCA ................................................. 87, 331 
FBV ............................................................. 427 
FC Regs......................................... 95, 104, 105 
FCA ............................................................... 32 
FDIC ............................................... 1, 223, 331 
FFI ............................................................... 921 
Final Asset Performance ............................. 427 
Final Asset Performance (FAP)(Final/Initial)
 .................................................................... 428 
Final Average Fund Price ........................... 428 
Final Average FX Rate ............................... 428 
Final Average Index Level .......................... 428 
Final Average Share Price........................... 428 
Final Averaging Date .................................. 428 
Final Best Performance Reference Asset .... 428 
Final Cash Allocation ................................. 428 
Final Closing Commodity Index Level ....... 428 
Final Closing Fund Price ............................ 428 
Final Closing Index Level ........................... 428 
Final Closing Share Price ............................ 429 
Final Commodity Index Level .................... 429 
Final Commodity Price ............................... 429 
Final Commodity Reference Price .............. 429 
Final FX Rate .............................................. 429 
Final Index Level ........................................ 429 
Final Interest Payment Date ........................ 529 
Final List ..................................................... 548 
Final Price ................................................... 548 
Final Pricing Date ............................... 429, 499 
Final Redemption Amount .................. 331, 633 
Final Redemption Multiplier ....................... 429 
Final Redemption Value ............................. 429 
Final Relevant Performance ........................ 429 
Final Relevant Performance (Basket) ......... 429 
Final Relevant Performance (Best) ............. 429

--- Page 992 ---
986 
 
Final Relevant Performance (Worst of) ...... 429 
Final Relevant Performance (Worst) .......... 429 
Final Share Price ........................................ 429 
Final Terms......................................... 207, 331 
Final Value ................................................. 429 
Final Weighted Asset Return ...................... 430 
Final Weighted Performance ...................... 430 
Final Weighted Performance (Final/Initial) 430 
Final Worst Performance Reference Asset . 430 
Final Worst Performance Share .................. 430 
Financial Collateral Directive ..................... 110 
Financial Services Act ................................ 852 
FINMA ........................................................... 4 
FIRPTA ...................................................... 919 
First Notice Day of the Notice Period for 
Delivery ...................................................... 499 
First Obligation ........................................... 558 
First Reference Bond Event Occurrence Date
 .................................................................... 633 
Fitch ............................................................ 971 
Fixed Cap ........................................... 548, 633 
Fixed Coupon Amount ............................... 331 
Fixed Rate Coupon ..................................... 331 
Fixed Rate Coupon Certificates .................. 331 
Fixed Rate Notes ........................................ 331 
Fixing Rate ................................................. 511 
Floating Rate .............................. 520, 522, 524 
Floating Rate Coupon ................................. 332 
Floating Rate Coupon Certificates ............. 332 
Floating Rate Coupon Commencement Date
 .................................................................... 332 
Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date 332 
Floating Rate Coupon Payment Date ......... 333 
Floating Rate Coupon Period ..................... 333 
Floating Rate Coupon Period End Date ...... 333 
Floating Rate Disruption ............................ 248 
Floating Rate Notes .................................... 333 
Floating Rate Option .................. 520, 522, 524 
Floor ........................................................... 430 
Floor1 ......................................................... 431 
Floor2 ......................................................... 431 
FloorDown.................................................. 431 
Following .................... 494, 495, 504, 510, 511 
foreign currency ................................. 900, 906 
Foreign Currency Contingent Security ....... 907 
Foreign Currency Securities ....................... 906 
Foreign Exchange Transaction Laws.......... 853 
Form of Auction Settlement Terms ............ 588 
Forward Transaction Income ...................... 934 
Forward Transaction Losses ....................... 934 
FRBNY ......................................................... 36 
French Bearer Securities ..................... 209, 333 
French Certificates...................................... 334 
French Notes............................................... 334 
French Programme Agent ........................... 334 
French Registered Securities .............. 210, 334 
French Registration Agent .................. 210, 334 
French Securities .......................... 13, 210, 334 
French Transfer Tax ................................... 933 
French Warrants ......................................... 334 
FRP ............................................................. 431 
FSC ............................................................. 856 
FSMA ............................................. 2, 655, 862 
Full Quotation ............................................. 548 
Fully Transferable Obligation ..................... 548 
Fund .................................... 334, 431, 607, 938 
Fund Determination Date ............................ 607 
Fund Event .................................................. 607 
Fund Extraordinary Event ........................... 608 
Fund Linked Provisions ...................... 209, 334 
Fund Linked Securities ......................... 10, 334 
Fund Merger Date ....................................... 611 
Fund Merger Event ..................................... 611 
Fund Offering Documents .......................... 612 
Fund Redemption Date ....................... 604, 612 
Fund Redemption Proceeds Date ........ 604, 612 
Fund Service Provider ................................. 612 
Fund Share .................................................. 431 
Fund Shareholder ........................................ 612 
Fund Shares ........................................... 78, 612 
Fund Substitution Date ............................... 612 
Fund Termination........................................ 612 
fund underlying benchmark .......................... 57 
Funds ........................................................... 334 
Further Subordinated Obligation ................ 549 
Futures Contract .......................................... 499 
Futures Contract – Delivery Date Roll....... 498, 
502, 503 
Futures Contract – Expiry Date Roll498, 502, 
503 
Futures Trading Day ................................... 500 
FWWB Coupon Performance Barrier ......... 431 
FWWB Coupon Performance Event ........... 431 
FWWB Coupon Rate .................................. 431 
FX Business Day......................................... 510 
FX Business Day Convention ............. 431, 510 
FX Disrupted Day ....................................... 511 
FX Disruption Event ................................... 511 
FX Financial Centres .................................. 511 
FX Initial Valuation Date ............................ 431 
FX Linked Provisions ................... 11, 209, 334 
FX Linked Securities ............................ 10, 334 
FX Price Source .................................. 431, 511 
FX Rate ............................................... 431, 511 
FX Rate (Qualifying Actual Transaction) .. 432, 
512 
FX Rate Sponsor ................................. 432, 512 
FX Rate Table ............................................. 432 
FX Valuation Date .............................. 432, 512 
FX Valuation Time ............................. 432, 512 
FXR ............................................................. 431 
GDRs ............................................................ 54 
GEM ....................................................... 5, 970 
GEM Rules ..................................................... 5 
General Conditions ....................... 11, 207, 334 
General Meeting.................................. 301, 334 
German Programme Agent ......................... 334 
German Securities ....................................... 334 
Global Bearer Note ..................................... 334 
Global Certificates ...................................... 334

--- Page 993 ---
987 
 
Global Notes ............................................... 334 
Global Securities .................................. 12, 216 
Global Security ................................... 216, 334 
Global Warrants ......................................... 334 
Governmental Authority ..................... 549, 633 
Governmental Intervention ......................... 549 
Grace Period ....................................... 163, 549 
Grace Period Business Day ........................ 550 
Grace Period Extension Date .............. 173, 550 
Grandfathered Obligations ......................... 921 
Green Securities ......................................... 831 
Guarantee.................... ii, 6, 208, 334, 550, 836 
Guarantor ...............................10, 208, 334, 836 
Harris Trust................................................. 889 
Hedging Disruption290, 467, 481, 500, 512, 
612 
Hedging Entity ................................... 335, 613 
High Barrier ................................................ 432 
Highest Value (Coupon) ............................. 432 
HMRC ........................................................ 961 
Holder ......................................... 216, 335, 346 
Holders' Meeting ........................................ 617 
Hypothetical Credit Derivative Transaction 550 
Hypothetical Derivative ................. iv, 157, 335 
Hypothetical Investor ................................. 613 
Hypothetical Untriggered Credit Derivative 
Transaction ................................................. 551 
i .... 231, 234, 235, 256, 258, 399, 407, 408, 432 
IBA ............................................................... 33 
IBORs ........................................................... 33 
IFTT ........................................................... 944 
IFTT Decree ............................................... 944 
IGA ............................................................. 922 
IGT ............................................................. 955 
IHT ............................................................. 966 
IITCC ......................................................... 941 
Inconvertibility Event ................................. 512 
Indemnified Person ..................................... 881 
Index ................................................... 432, 481 
Index Adjustment Event ............................. 481 
Index Annex ............................................... 529 
Index Cancellation ...................................... 481 
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event ............. 335 
Index Cessation/Benchmark Event Effective 
Date ............................................................ 335 
Index Disruption ......................................... 481 
Index Level ......................................... 432, 481 
Index Linked Provisions ............... 11, 209, 336 
Index Linked Securities ........................ 10, 336 
Index Modification ..................................... 482 
Index Publisher ........................................... 529 
Index Settlement Disruption Event ............. 482 
Index Sponsor ..................................... 482, 529 
Index Strike Level .............................. 432, 482 
Index Substitution Date .............................. 462 
Indices ........................................................ 481 
Indirect Participants .................................... 842 
Initial Average Index Level ........................ 432 
Initial Average Share Price ......................... 432 
Initial Bidding Information Publication Time
 .................................................................... 594 
Initial Bidding Period .................................. 594 
Initial Cash Allocation ................................ 432 
Initial Closing Commodity Index Level ..... 432 
Initial Closing Fund Price ........................... 433 
Initial Closing Index Level ......................... 433 
Initial Closing Share Price .......................... 433 
Initial Commodity Index Level ................... 433 
Initial Commodity Price .............................. 433 
Initial Commodity Reference Price ............. 434 
Initial Currency ........................................... 284 
Initial Equity Perf Allocation ...................... 434 
Initial FX Rate ............................................ 434 
Initial Index Level ....................................... 434 
Initial Observation Period ........................... 434 
Initial Observation Period End Date ........... 434 
Initial Observation Period Start Date .......... 434 
Initial Pricing Date .............................. 434, 500 
Initial Reference Asset Closing Value ........ 435 
Initial Reference Asset Intra-Day Value ..... 435 
Initial Reference Bond Notional Amount ... 347 
Initial Share Price ........................................ 435 
Initial Valuation Date .......... 435, 467, 482, 613 
Initial Value ................................................ 435 
In-kind Redemption Proceeds ............. 604, 613 
In-kind Redemption Proceeds Event ... 605, 613 
In-Scope Shares .......................................... 944 
Insolvency ........................................... 467, 613 
Insolvency Filing ........................................ 467 
Instalment Amount...................................... 336 
Instalment Date ........................................... 336 
Instalment Percentage ................................. 435 
Integer ......................................................... 362 
Integer Period .............................................. 362 
Interest Amount .................. 225, 336, 521, 523 
Interest Bearing Amount ............................. 529 
Interest Commencement Date ..................... 337 
Interest Determination Date ........................ 337 
Interest Payment Date ................................. 337 
Interest Period ..................................... 338, 529 
Interest Period End Date ............................. 338 
Intermediary ........................................ 922, 938 
Intermediated Securities ........ 13, 142, 211, 338 
Intervening Period ............................... 279, 338 
Inventory Securities .............................. 46, 871 
Inverse Base Currency/Reference Currency 
Rate ............................................................. 511 
Investment Company Act........ 3, 873, 874, 875 
Investment Level (i) .................................... 436 
Investment Period (i, t) ............................... 436 
Investor ....................................................... 969 
Investor Letter of Representations338, 
870, 
878 
Investor Letter of Representations/Deemed 
Representations ........................................... 868 
Investor-Based Exemptions ........................ 888 
IRAP ........................................................... 938 
Irish Branch Holders ................................... 893 
Irish Holders ............................................... 893

--- Page 994 ---
988 
 
Irish Resident Holders ................................ 893 
IRS .............................................................. 898 
ISDA ............................ 162, 338, 551, 588, 633 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions ......... 633 
ISDA Definitions ........................................ 338 
ISDA Determination ................................... 535 
ISDA Fallback Rate .................................... 338 
ISDA Rate .................................. 225, 247, 339 
ISDA U.S. QFC Protocol ........................... 840 
Issue Date ........................................... 305, 339 
Issue Price................................................... 339 
Issue Terms............................... v, 12, 209, 339 
Issuer .................................................... 10, 208 
Issuer Physical Settlement .......................... 339 
Issuer Physical Settlement Amount ............ 339 
Issuers ................................................... 10, 208 
Italian Certificates ...................................... 339 
Italian MTF................................................. 339 
IVAFE ........................................................ 944 
J.P. Morgan affiliate ........................... 223, 968 
Joint Potential Successor ............................ 573 
Joint Relevant Obligation ........................... 573 
Joint Representative............................ 299, 339 
JPMCB Registration Document ................. 127 
JPMorgan Affiliates.................................... 871 
JPMorgan Chase ..................................... 6, 978 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 12 July 2024 Form 8-K
 .................................................................... 128 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2023 Form 10-K .. 128 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2024 Proxy Statement
 .................................................................... 128 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 31 March 2024 Form 
10-Q ............................................................ 128 
JPMorgan Chase Bank ................................... 6 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 2023 Audited 
Financial Statements ................................... 128 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Base Prospectus
 .................................................................... 968 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Registration 
Document ................................................... 127 
JPMS LLC .................................................. 877 
JPMS plc ............................................ 836, 877 
JPMSP ...............................6, 10, 208, 339, 872 
JPMSP 2022 Annual Report ....................... 128 
JPMSP 2023 Annual Report ....................... 128 
JPMSP Base Prospectus ............................. 968 
JPMSP Information .................................... 968 
JPMSP Registration Document .................. 127 
JPMSP Special Restrictions ....................... 891 
JPMSP Standard Restrictions ..................... 891 
k .................................................................. 436 
Knock-In Best Performance Strike ............. 436 
Knock-In Event .......................................... 436 
Knock-In Observation Period ..................... 436 
Knock-In Observation Period End Date ..... 437 
Knock-In Observation Period Start Date .... 437 
Knock-In Performance Event ..................... 437 
Knock-In Performance Observation Period 437 
Knock-In Performance Observation Period End 
Date ............................................................ 437 
Knock-In Performance Observation Period 
Start Date .................................................... 438 
Knock-In Performance Strike ..................... 438 
Knock-In Reference Date............................ 438 
Knock-In Strike ........................................... 438 
Largest Asset Package ................................ 551 
Last Occurring FWWB Coupon Performance 
Event Date................................................... 438 
Last Trading Day ........................................ 500 
Later Maturity Date ..................................... 554 
Latest Exercise Time ................................... 339 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan 568 
Latest Potential Event Determination Date . 529 
Law 7/2013 ................................................. 846 
Law 8/2013 ................................................. 846 
LBD ............................................................ 340 
LFSA ........................................................... 854 
LFSSA ........................................................ 854 
LIBOR ........................................................ 339 
Limitation Date ........................................... 552 
Linked Holders ................................... 339, 652 
Linked Holders' Resolution ................. 339, 652 
Linked Series of Securities ................. 340, 653 
Listed .......................................................... 559 
Loan ............................................................ 558 
Local Time .................................................. 340 
Lock-in Coupon Amount ............................ 438 
Lock-in Event ............................................. 438 
Lock-in Level .............................................. 439 
Lock-in Valuation Date ............................... 439 
London Banking Day .................................. 340 
Low Barrier ................................................. 439 
Lower Boundary ......................................... 525 
Lowest Initial Closing Index Level ............. 439 
Lowest Initial Closing Index Level (Specified 
Observation Dates)...................................... 439 
Lowest Initial Closing Share Price .............. 439 
Lowest Initial Closing Share Price (Specified 
Observation Dates)...................................... 439 
LPS ............................................................. 852 
Luxembourg Law Pledgeiii, 95, 97, 110, 111, 
646, 837 
Luxembourg Law Pledge (A) 99, 103, 112, 114 
Luxembourg Law Pledge (B) 99, 104, 112, 114 
Luxembourg Law Pledges .......................... 109 
Luxembourg Prospectus Law ...................... 970 
M ................................................................. 439 
M (Basket) .................................................. 439 
M(M)R Restructuring ......................... 164, 552 
M(Worst of) ................................................ 440 
M1 ....................................................... 321, 322 
M2 ............................................................... 322 
Majority ...................................................... 583 
Management Company ............................... 614 
Margin ......................................................... 340 
Margined Collateral .................................... 106 
Market Discount Security ........................... 901 
Market Disruption Event ..... 467, 482, 500, 614 
Market Disruption Event - NAV Temporary 
Publication Suspension (ETF) .................... 467

--- Page 995 ---
989 
 
Market Position .......................................... 594 
Market Value .............................................. 552 
Masse .......................................................... 340 
Master Collateral Monitoring Terms .......... 341 
Master Custody Terms ............................... 341 
Master Security Terms ............................... 341 
Master Triparty Account Control Terms .... 341 
Material Change in Content ........................ 501 
Material Change in Formula ....................... 501 
Material Methodology Change Event . 314, 340 
Maturity Bucket .......................................... 589 
Maturity Bucket End Date .......................... 589 
Maturity Date ...... 341, 522, 525, 552, 574, 633 
Max............................................................. 440 
Maximum Days of Disruption467, 483, 501, 
614 
Maximum Exercise Number ....................... 341 
Maximum Floating Rate Coupon ............... 341 
Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread 595 
Maximum Instalment Amount.................... 341 
Maximum Maturity .................................... 577 
Maximum Quotation Amount .................... 554 
Maximum Rate of Interest .......................... 341 
Member State ................................................. 1 
Memory Amount ........................................ 440 
Memory Coupon Value .............................. 440 
Merger Date ................................................ 467 
Merger Event .............................................. 467 
MiFID II ............ 2, 67, 655, 818, 849, 862, 971 
MiFIR ........................................................... 67 
Min ............................................................. 440 
Minimum Exercise Amount ....................... 576 
Minimum Exercise Number ....................... 341 
Minimum Floating Rate Coupon ................ 341 
Minimum Instalment Amount .................... 341 
Minimum Qualifying Actual Transaction Size
 .................................................................... 512 
Minimum Quotation Amount ..................... 554 
Minimum Rate of Interest .......................... 341 
Minimum Redemption Amount.................. 341 
Minimum Redemption Amount (Notes) ..... 342 
Minimum Redemption Value ..................... 440 
Mod Mod R ................................................ 164 
Mod R ......................................................... 164 
Modified Eligible Transferee...................... 554 
Modified Following .............494, 495, 504, 510 
Modified Postponement452, 454, 473, 475, 
597, 599 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
Date ............................................................ 554 
Moody's ...................................................... 971 
Movement Option ....................................... 554 
Movement Option Cut-off Date ................. 555 
MTF .............................................................. 31 
Multi-Exchange Index ................................ 483 
Multiple Holder Obligation ................ 555, 634 
MUSIV ................................869, 873, 874, 875 
N ................................................................. 440 
N (Basket)................................................... 440 
N(Worst of) ................................................ 441 
National Currency Unit ............................... 342 
Nationalisation .................................... 468, 614 
NAV ............................................................ 614 
NAV Publication Suspension (ETF) ........... 468 
NAV Temporary Publication Suspension (ETF)
 .................................................................... 468 
Nearest ................................ 494, 495, 504, 510 
New York Business Day ............................. 839 
New York Federal Reserve ............................. 6 
New York Federal Reserve's Website231, 254, 
405 
NGN ...................................................... 13, 209 
ni231, 234, 236, 253, 256, 258, 400, 404, 407, 
408 
No Adjustment .................... 494, 496, 504, 511 
No Auction Announcement Date ................ 555 
No Trigger Event ........................................ 441 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation ...... 555 
Non-Conforming 
Substitute 
Reference 
Obligation ................................................... 555 
Non-Contingent Amount .................... 560, 579 
Non-exempt Offer ....................... 814, 849, 968 
Non-Financial Instrument ........................... 555 
Non-Participating FFI ................................. 921 
Non-Permitted Holder ................................. 223 
Non-Standard Event Determination Date ... 555 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date .......... 557 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation ........... 557 
Non-Transferable Instrument ...................... 557 
Non-Triparty Custody Agreement .............. 342 
Non-U.S. Holder ......................................... 898 
Not Bearer ................................................... 577 
Not Domestic Currency .............................. 559 
Not Domestic Issuance ............................... 559 
Not Domestic Law ...................................... 559 
Not Sovereign Lender ................................. 559 
Not Subordinated ........................................ 558 
Notes ................................................... 208, 342 
Notice .......................................................... 886 
Notice Delivery Date .................................. 557 
Notice Delivery Period ....... 166, 530, 557, 634 
Notice of Publicly Available Information ... 634 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option ......... 557 
Notional Amount ........................................ 342 
Notional Reduction Amount ............... 522, 525 
NRIT ........................................................... 952 
NSS ....................................................... 13, 210 
Number of FX Settlement Days .................. 512 
Number of Reference Assets ....................... 441 
Number of Trigger Levels........................... 442 
NWT ........................................................... 955 
OBFR .......................................................... 318 
objective rate ............................................... 903 
Obligation ................................................... 557 
Obligation Acceleration .............................. 557 
Obligation Category .................................... 558 
Obligation Characteristics ........................... 558 
Obligation Currency .................................... 559 
Obligation Default ...................................... 559 
Obligations .................................................. 162

--- Page 996 ---
990 
 
Obligor ....................................................... 836 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation)442, 468, 
483, 501, 512, 614 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) ... 442, 
468, 483, 501, 513 
Observation End Date................................. 634 
Observation Extension Date ....................... 634 
Observation Look-Back Period .. 231, 253, 404 
Observation Period234, 236, 256, 258, 400, 
407, 409, 442, 468, 483, 502, 513, 614 
Observation Period (Drop Back) ................ 442 
Observation Period (Drop Back) End Date 443 
Observation Period (Drop Back) Start Date 443 
Observation Period Cut-Off Time .............. 513 
Observation Period End Date ..................... 614 
Observation Period Start Date .................... 614 
Observation Start Date ............................... 634 
OCC ................................................................ ii 
Offer Period ................................................ 812 
Offshore Banking License .......................... 877 
Offshore Transaction .......................... 875, 876 
OFP............................................................. 927 
OID ............................................................. 900 
OJK............................................................. 851 
Omission .............. 452, 453, 473, 474, 596, 598 
Optional Redemption Amount.................... 342 
Optional Redemption Date ......................... 342 
Optional Redemption Table........................ 342 
Original Base Prospectus .................... 821, 973 
Original Currency ....................... 342, 343, 507 
Original Fund ............................................. 614 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation
 .................................................................... 559 
Original Obligation(s) ................................ 580 
OTC .............................................................. 66 
Outstanding Principal Balance ................... 560 
Outstanding Unpaid Relevant Payment Amount
 ............................................................ 605, 614 
p228, 231, 234, 236, 251, 253, 256, 258, 400, 
405, 407, 409 
Package Observable Bond .......................... 560 
Page .................................................... 343, 402 
Parallel Auction .......................................... 560 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms ............. 560 
Partial Distributions ............................ 275, 343 
Participating Bidders .................................. 595 
Participation................................................ 443 
parties in interest ........................................ 888 
Pay Leg ......................................................... 90 
Payable Redemption Proceeds............ 605, 614 
Paying Agent .......................................... 3, 343 
Payment ...................................................... 558 
Payment Amount ........................................ 343 
Payment Amount Dispute Notice ............... 343 
Payment Cut-off Date ................................... 84 
Payment Cut-Off Date ........................ 603, 614 
Payment Day ...................................... 274, 343 
Payment Disruption Event .................... 44, 343 
Payment Disruption Valuation Date ........... 344 
Payment Event Cut-off Date....................... 344 
Payment Event Payment Date ..................... 344 
Payment of Distributions Obligation96, 98, 105 
Payment Requirement ................................. 560 
Payout Conditions ......................... 11, 208, 357 
PCA ............................................................. 443 
PEA ............................................................. 932 
Performance Factor 1 .................................. 443 
Performance Factor 2 .................................. 443 
Periodic Pricing Date .......................... 443, 502 
Periodic Valuation Date443, 468, 483, 513, 614 
Permanent Bearer Global Security12, 209, 213, 
214, 344 
Permanent Global Security ......................... 344 
Permanent Registered Global Security12, 210, 
344 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations ........... 560 
Permitted Contingency ................................ 561 
Permitted Transfer .............................. 561, 634 
Permitted Transferee ................... 220, 222, 344 
PF1 .............................................................. 443 
PF2 .............................................................. 443 
Physical Settlement ..................................... 344 
Physical Settlement Buy Request ............... 590 
Physical Settlement Cut-Off Date ............... 344 
Physical Settlement Price (Final) ................ 443 
Physical Settlement Price (Initial) ............... 443 
Physical Settlement Sell Request ................ 590 
PIT .............................................................. 952 
plan ............................................................. 883 
Plan ............................................. 881, 882, 885 
Plan Asset Regulations ............................... 888 
Plans ............................................................ 888 
Post Dismissal Additional Period................ 561 
Postponed Maturity Date ............................ 519 
Postponement452, 454, 473, 475, 502, 597, 598 
Potential Adjustment Event 457, 459, 468, 615 
Potential Exercise Date ............................... 344 
Potential Failure to Pay ............................... 561 
Potential Replacement Underlying(s) ......... 615 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium ............. 561 
PPDown ...................................................... 443 
PPUp ........................................................... 443 
PRC ............................................................. 855 
Preceding ............................ 494, 496, 504, 511 
Pre-selected Replacement Fund .................. 615 
Previous Coupon Amount ........................... 443 
Price Materiality Percentage ....................... 502 
Price Source ................................................ 502 
Price Source Disruption ...................... 502, 513 
Pricing Date ................................................ 502 
Pricing Supplement ..................................... 207 
PRIIPs Regulation ....................................... 818 
Principal Programme Agent .................... 3, 344 
Prior Reference Obligation ......................... 558 
Prior Valuation Obligation .......................... 561 
Private-side Loan ........................................ 562 
Proceedings ................................. 312, 344, 839 
Programme ............................. iii, 208, 345, 836 
Programme Agents........................................ 14 
Programme Agreement ............................... 845

--- Page 997 ---
991 
 
Programme Documents .............................. 836 
Prohibited Action ....................................... 562 
projected payment schedule........................ 905 
Proposed FATCA Regulations ..................... 88 
Prospectus Law ........................................... 847 
Protection ................................................... 443 
PSP (Final) ................................................. 443 
PSP (Initial) ................................................ 443 
PTCE .......................................................... 888 
PTCE 95-60 ................................................ 889 
Public Interest Test ..................................... 116 
Public Source ...................................... 562, 634 
Publicly Available Information .......... 562, 634 
Purchaser representations and requirements and 
transfer restrictions ..................................... 868 
Put Option Exercise Notice ........................ 627 
Put Strike .................................................... 444 
QEF ............................................................ 913 
QIB ......................................872, 873, 874, 875 
QIBs ....................................................... 3, 869 
QP ............................................... 873, 874, 875 
QPs ............................................................. 869 
qualified floating rate ................................. 902 
qualified inverse floating rate ..................... 903 
Qualified Investor ............................... 874, 875 
Qualified Offshore Client ....345, 873, 874, 875 
Qualifying Actual Transaction ................... 513 
Qualifying Actual Transaction Observation 
End Time .................................................... 513 
Qualifying Actual Transaction Observation 
Start Time ................................................... 513 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee ................... 563 
Qualifying Certificates ............................... 956 
Qualifying Guarantee ................................. 563 
Qualifying Participation Seller ................... 564 
Qualifying Shares ....................................... 956 
Quantum of the Claim ................................ 564 
Quota .......................................................... 345 
Quotation .................................................... 564 
Quotation Amount ...................................... 564 
Quotation Method ....................................... 564 
RA 1 Final Value ........................................ 444 
RA 1 Initial Value ...................................... 444 
RA 2 Final Value ........................................ 444 
RA 2 Initial Value ...................................... 444 
Range Accrual Coupon Factor ................... 444 
Rate of Interest ........................................... 345 
Real Estate Funds ....................................... 938 
Real Estate SICAFs .................................... 938 
Rebasing ..................................................... 508 
Rebate ......................................................... 444 
Recalcitrant Holder ............................. 921, 922 
Recalcitrant Holders ..................................... 87 
Receive Leg .................................................. 90 
Recommended Fallback Rate ..................... 345 
Record Date ................. 245, 246, 268, 274, 345 
Redemption Adjustment Calculation Date 523, 
530 
Redemption Amount ...........345, 521, 523, 635 
Redemption Barrier .................................... 444 
Redemption Cut-Off Date ................... 605, 615 
Redemption Date ........................................ 345 
Redenomination Date .................................. 345 
Reference Asset .......................................... 346 
Reference Asset 1 ............................... 444, 774 
Reference Asset 2 ............................... 444, 774 
Reference Asset Amount .................... 346, 444 
Reference Asset Amounts ........................... 346 
Reference Asset Closing Value ................... 444 
Reference Asset Intra-Day Value ............... 444 
Reference Asset Linked Conditions .... 209, 346 
Reference Asset Linked Coupon Certificates
 .................................................................... 346 
Reference Asset Linked Coupon Notes ...... 346 
Reference Asset Table ................................ 445 
Reference Asset Transfer Notice ................ 346 
Reference Asset(s) ........................................ 16 
Reference Assets ................................. 139, 346 
Reference Banks ................................. 347, 402 
Reference Bond ...................................... iv, 635 
Reference Bond Early Redemption ............. 635 
Reference Bond Linked Redemption Date. 346, 
636 
Reference Bond Notional Amount .............. 346 
Reference Currency .................................... 514 
Reference Date .................... 469, 484, 514, 615 
Reference Dealers ....................... 347, 502, 514 
Reference Entity.......................... 160, 530, 564 
Reference Entity Weighting ........................ 530 
Reference Obligation .................. 530, 564, 578 
Reference Obligor .......................... iv, 347, 636 
Reference Obligor Acceleration .................. 636 
Reference Obligor Bankruptcy ................... 636 
Reference Obligor Default .......................... 637 
Reference Obligor Default Requirement .... 637 
Reference Obligor Event ................ iv, 347, 637 
Reference Obligor Event Notice ................. 638 
Reference Obligor Failure to Pay ................ 638 
Reference Obligor Governmental Intervention
 .................................................................... 638 
Reference Obligor Guarantee ...................... 639 
Reference Obligor ISDA Event .................. 640 
Reference Obligor Obligation ..................... 641 
Reference Obligor Payment Requirement .. 641 
Reference Obligor Potential Failure to Pay. 641 
Reference Obligor Repudiation/Moratorium
 .................................................................... 641 
Reference Obligor Restructuring ................ 641 
Reference Portfolio ....................................... 77 
Reference Rate ............................................ 347 
Refinitiv Screen .......................................... 500 
Register ............................................... 216, 347 
Registered Certificates ................................ 347 
Registered Global Note ............................... 347 
Registered Global Security ................... 12, 347 
Registered Notes ......................................... 347 
Registered Securities ................................... 347 
Registered Security ..................................... 347 
Registered Warrants .................................... 347 
Registrar .................................................. 3, 347

--- Page 998 ---
992 
 
Regular Date ............................................... 348 
Regular Period ............................................ 347 
Regulated Market ....................................... 971 
Regulation No. 11971 ................................. 852 
Regulation S .................... 3, 348, 874, 875, 879 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Certificates.. 211, 348 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Global Certificate 211 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Global Note ........ 211 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Global Warrant ... 211 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Notes ........... 211, 348 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Securities .... 211, 348 
Regulation S/Rule 144A Warrants ..... 211, 348 
Related Exchange ............................... 469, 484 
Related Hedging Entity .............................. 348 
Relevant Adjustment Calculation Date522, 525 
Relevant Affected Reference Entity ........... 525 
Relevant Benchmark .................................. 348 
Relevant Change of Law ............................ 348 
Relevant City Business Day ....................... 565 
Relevant Clearing System(s) ...................... 349 
Relevant Collateral Portion ........................ 102 
Relevant Coupon Payment Date ................. 448 
Relevant Currency ...................................... 349 
Relevant CVD ............................................ 362 
Relevant Date ...... 454, 476, 507, 510, 599, 615 
Relevant Day .............................................. 445 
Relevant DCF ............................................. 445 
Relevant Event ........................................... 582 
Relevant Financial Centre .................. 349, 403 
relevant foreign currency ............................ 907 
Relevant Fund Share........................... 603, 615 
Relevant Governmental Authority .............. 284 
Relevant Guarantee .................................... 565 
Relevant Holder .......................................... 565 
Relevant Holders ................................ 100, 113 
Relevant Holders' Resolution ..................... 349 
Relevant Incorporation Jurisdiction ............ 349 
Relevant Interest Payment Date ................. 527 
Relevant Jurisdiction .......................... 309, 349 
Relevant Notes ........................................... 349 
Relevant Number ......... 229, 232, 255, 403, 406 
Relevant Obligations .................................. 565 
Relevant Observation Period ...................... 445 
Relevant Pairing ......................................... 590 
Relevant Payment Amount ........... 84, 603, 615 
Relevant Payment Date .............. 349, 605, 615 
Relevant Payment Jurisdiction ................... 349 
Relevant Performance ................................ 445 
Relevant Performance (Basket) .................. 445 
Relevant Performance (Best) ...................... 445 
Relevant Performance (Worst) ................... 445 
Relevant Pricing Increment ........................ 595 
Relevant Programme Agent........................ 349 
Relevant Redemption Adjustment Calculation 
Date ............................................................ 527 
Relevant Rules ............................................ 349 
Relevant Scheduled Payment Date ..... 242, 264 
Relevant Seller ........................................... 584 
Relevant Series ................................... 100, 113 
Relevant Series of Securities ...................... 350 
Relevant Source Jurisdiction ....................... 350 
Relevant Taxes ............................................ 966 
Relevant Time ..................................... 350, 403 
Relevant W&C Securities ........................... 967 
Relibi Law................................................... 947 
Re-listing Exchange(s) ................................ 465 
Remaining Credit Position .......................... 535 
Replacement Exchange Traded Fund.......... 462 
Replacement Index...................................... 462 
Replacement Index Basket .......................... 462 
Replacement Share...................................... 456 
Replacement Underlying(s) ........................ 615 
Representative ..................................... 301, 350 
Representative Auction-Settled Transaction
 .................................................................... 595 
Repudiation/Moratorium ............................. 565 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date . 173, 
566 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition
 .................................................................... 566 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 566 
Required Fixed Value . 102, 107, 647, 649, 651 
Required Fixed Value Collateral ......... 648, 650 
Required Fixed Value Collateral Accounts 647, 
649, 651 
Required MTM Value . 103, 107, 648, 649, 651 
Required MTM Value Collateral ........ 648, 650 
Required MTM Value Collateral Accounts648, 
649, 651 
Reset Date ................................... 520, 522, 524 
Resident Corporate Taxpayer ...................... 945 
Resident Individual ..................................... 945 
Residual Amount ........................................ 445 
Residual Cash Amount ............... 350, 445, 643 
Residual Cash Amounts .............................. 350 
Resolution Authority ................................... 350 
Resolve........................................................ 566 
Resolved...................................................... 566 
Resolves ...................................................... 566 
Responsible Persons.................................... 969 
Restructured Bond or Loan ......................... 566 
Restructuring ............................................... 566 
Restructuring Date ...................................... 568 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date ...... 568 
Reverse Merger ........................................... 467 
Reverse Trigger Bonus ............................... 445 
Revised Interest Amount ............................. 530 
Revised Interest Bearing Amount ............... 531 
revised issue price ....................................... 901 
RFR ............................................................. 350 
Rounded Number of Reference Assets ....... 446 
Royal Decree 814/2023 ............................... 859 
Rule 144A ............... ii, 350, 872, 873, 874, 875 
Rule 144A Certificates ................................ 350 
Rule 144A Information ............................... 976 
Rule 144A Notes ......................................... 350 
Rule 144A Securities .......................... 211, 350 
Rule 144A Warrants ................................... 350 
Rules ..................................................... 73, 588 
S&P ............................................................. 971

--- Page 999 ---
993 
 
SAG ............................................................ 115 
SARON ........................................................ 33 
SCA ............................................................ 861 
Scheduled Averaging Date ..469, 484, 514, 615 
Scheduled Closing Time ..................... 469, 484 
Scheduled Coupon Valuation Date469, 
484, 
503, 616 
Scheduled Final Pricing Date ..................... 503 
Scheduled Initial Pricing Date .................... 503 
Scheduled Initial Valuation Date 469, 484, 616 
Scheduled Maturity Date .................... 162, 568 
Scheduled Periodic Pricing Date ................ 503 
Scheduled Periodic Valuation Date469, 
484, 
616 
Scheduled Pricing Date .............................. 503 
Scheduled Product Repayment Date .......... 342 
Scheduled Reference Date ...469, 484, 514, 616 
Scheduled Relevant Date ............................ 510 
Scheduled Specified Observation Date469, 484 
Scheduled Trading Day .......350, 470, 484, 616 
Scheduled Valuation Date .......... 470, 485, 616 
Scheme ....................................................... 962 
SchVG ........................................................ 299 
Screen Page ................................................ 503 
SDRT .......................................................... 965 
SEC........................................... 3, 66, 128, 855 
Second Obligation ...................................... 558 
Section 1260 Financial Asset ..................... 912 
Section 871(m) ........................................... 916 
Secured Parties ................................... 350, 653 
Securities . iii, 10, 208, 305, 350, 657, 820, 836 
Securities Act . ii, 350, 872, 873, 875, 879, 880 
Securities and Exchange Laws ................... 853 
Securities and Futures Ordinance ............... 850 
Securities Initial Nominal Amount ............. 347 
Securities Markets Law .............................. 859 
Securities Outstanding Nominal Amount ... 347 
Security ....................................................... 836 
Security Deed ............................................. 351 
Security Interest (Static Collateral) .... 103, 114 
Security Interestsiii, 100, 104, 109, 112, 114, 
351, 646, 837 
Security Interests (A) ............................ 99, 112 
Security Interests (B) .......................... 100, 112 
Security Interests (Margined Collateral) ... 104, 
114 
Security Interests (Margined Collateral) (A)
 ............................................................ 103, 114 
Security Interests (Margined Collateral) (B)
 ............................................................ 104, 114 
Security Interests Event .............................. 281 
Security Redemption Amount .................... 446 
Security Redemption Date .......................... 446 
Security Redemption Reference Asset(s) ... 446 
Security Trustee ......... iv, 4, 109, 351, 646, 837 
SeDeX (MTF) ............................................. 339 
Senior Credit Position................................. 568 
Senior Non-Preferred Credit Position ......... 578 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation ................ 578 
Senior Obligation ............................... 568, 644 
Seniority Level .................................... 568, 578 
Series ............................................. 12, 209, 351 
Service Provider Exemption ....................... 888 
Settlement Amount ............................. 351, 643 
Settlement Cycle ......................... 351, 470, 485 
Settlement Date ................................... 351, 643 
Settlement Disruption Event ....................... 351 
Settlement Method ...................................... 568 
SFA ............................................................. 857 
SFCA .................................... 95, 104, 105, 110 
SFDR ............................................................ 50 
Share ................................... 351, 446, 470, 485 
Share Currency ................................... 446, 514 
Share Disrupted Day ................................... 485 
Share Exposure ........................................... 886 
Share FX Rate ............................................. 446 
Share Issuer ......................................... 446, 470 
Share Linked Provisions ....... 11, 209, 315, 352 
Share Linked Securities ................ 10, 315, 352 
Share of Exchange Traded Fund ................. 470 
Share Price .......................................... 446, 470 
Share Settlement Disruption Event ............. 470 
Share Strike Price ........................................ 470 
Shares .......................................................... 351 
Short-Term Security .................................... 900 
SICAF ......................................................... 938 
SICAV ........................................................ 938 
Single Name CLN ............................... 167, 515 
Single of a Basket Knock-In Event ............. 446 
Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation 
Period .......................................................... 447 
Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation 
Period End Date .......................................... 447 
Single of a Basket Knock-In Observation 
Period Start Date ......................................... 447 
Single of a Basket Knock-In Reference Date
 .................................................................... 447 
Single of a Basket Knock-In Strike ............. 447 
Single Resolution Mechanism .................... 115 
SIX SIS ................................................. 12, 352 
Social Securities .......................................... 831 
SOFR ................................ 6, 33, 231, 254, 405 
SOFR Compounded Index .......... 232, 255, 403 
SOFR Index ................................ 232, 255, 403 
SOFR IndexEnd .......................... 233, 255, 403 
SOFR IndexStart ......................... 233, 255, 403 
SOFR Observation Period ........... 231, 254, 405 
SOFR Reference Rate ................. 231, 254, 405 
SOFRi-pUSBD ........................... 231, 254, 405 
Solvency Capital Provisions ............... 568, 643 
SONIA ...................................................... 6, 33 
SONIA Compounded Index ........ 229, 252, 406 
SONIA rate ................................. 228, 251, 407 
SONIAi ....................................... 228, 251, 407 
SONIAi-pLBD ............................ 228, 251, 408 
Sovereign ............................................ 569, 644 
Sovereign Restructured Valuation Obligation
 .................................................................... 568 
Sovereign Succession Event ............... 176, 569 
Specified Coupon Amount .......................... 447

--- Page 1000 ---
994 
 
Specified Coupon Period ............................ 352 
Specified Currency ..................... 352, 447, 559 
Specified Decimal Place ............................. 352 
Specified Denomination ............................. 352 
Specified Final Redemption Amount ......... 568 
Specified Fraction ....................................... 352 
Specified Number ....................................... 644 
Specified Number of Business Days .......... 568 
Specified Observation Date ........ 447, 470, 485 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation) ............................468, 483, 501, 512 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day 
Valuation) ................................... 468, 483, 501 
Specified Payment Date ............................. 531 
Specified Price ............................................ 503 
Specified Price Currency ............................ 503 
Specified Unit ............................................. 352 
Spread ......................................................... 447 
SPV............................................................... 48 
SRM ........................................................... 115 
SRM Regulation ......................................... 115 
SRO List ..................................................... 568 
SSM ............................................................ 115 
Standard .............................................. 166, 569 
Standard Reference Obligation ... 564, 565, 569 
Standard Specified Currency ...................... 569 
Static Collateral .................................. 352, 648 
Static Collateral Account .................... 647, 648 
Static Collateral Event ................................ 352 
Steps Plan ................................................... 569 
Sterling ................................................... 6, 352 
STLF........................................................... 955 
Strike .......................................................... 448 
Strike1 ........................................................ 448 
Strike2 ........................................................ 448 
Subordinated ....................................... 558, 644 
Subordinated Credit Position ...................... 569 
Subordinated Obligation ..................... 569, 644 
Subordination ............................. 558, 578, 644 
Subsequent Bidding Information Publication 
Time ........................................................... 595 
Substitute .................................................... 308 
Substitute Currency .................................... 284 
Substitute Reference Obligation ................. 569 
Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution 
Request Date............................................... 571 
Substitution Date ........................................ 571 
Substitution Event ...................................... 571 
Substitution Event Date .............................. 571 
succeed ....................................................... 573 
succeeded.................................................... 573 
succession ................................................... 573 
Succession Date .......................................... 571 
Succession Event ........................................ 644 
Successor ............................................ 572, 644 
Successor Backstop Date ............................ 574 
Successor Currency .................................... 507 
Successor Index .......................... 477, 485, 490 
Successor Index Event (ETF) ..................... 470 
Successor Index Sponsor .................... 477, 485 
Successor Notice ......................................... 575 
Successor Resolution .................................. 584 
Successor Resolution Request Date ............ 575 
Successor Sponsor ...................................... 490 
Successor Underlying Index ....................... 470 
Sum FWWB Coupon Rate .......................... 448 
Sum of Previous Coupon Amounts ............. 448 
Supermajority .............................................. 583 
Sustainability Securities .............................. 831 
Sustainable Bond Framework ..................... 831 
Sustainable Securities ............................ iii, 831 
Swap Rate ................................................... 352 
Swap Transaction ........................ 520, 522, 524 
Swiss Authorised Offeror(s) ....................... 814 
Swiss Certificates ........................................ 352 
Swiss Global Security ......................... 210, 352 
Swiss Notes ................................................. 352 
Swiss Offer Period ...................................... 813 
Swiss Programme Agent ............................. 352 
Swiss Register ..................................... 215, 352 
Swiss Registrar ........................................... 352 
Swiss Securities ............................ 13, 210, 353 
t ................................................................... 448 
T2 ................................................................ 353 
TARGET2 Settlement Day ......................... 353 
Tax Disruption ............................................ 503 
Tax Termination Event ....................... 288, 353 
Tax Termination Event Notice Period ........ 287 
Tax Treaty ................................................... 946 
Temporary Bearer Global Security12, 209, 353 
Temporary Global Security ......................... 353 
Temporary Registered Global Security12, 210, 
353 
Tender Offer ............................................... 470 
Tender Offer Date ....................................... 470 
Termination Event .............................. 282, 353 
Termination Event Notice Period................ 282 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities ...... 207 
the ............................................................... 128 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation ................... 578 
Tokyo Banking Day .................... 234, 256, 409 
TONA ............................... 6, 33, 234, 257, 409 
TONA Fixing Day ...................... 234, 257, 409 
TONA rate .................................. 234, 256, 409 
TONAi ........................................ 234, 256, 409 
Trade Date ................................... 503, 575, 616 
Trading Day ................................................ 503 
Trading Day Convention ............................. 503 
Trading Disruption ...................... 470, 485, 504 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation........... 578 
Tranche ......................................... 12, 209, 353 
Tranche Size ............................................... 525 
Tranches ................................................ 12, 209 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms ....... 575 
Transaction Type ................................ 531, 575 
Transfer Agent ........................................ 3, 353 
Transferable ................................................ 577 
Treaty .......................................................... 353 
Trigger Date (i) ........................................... 448 
Trigger Event (i) ......................................... 448

--- Page 1001 ---
995 
 
Trigger Level (i + 1) ................................... 448 
Trigger Level (i) ......................................... 448 
Trigger Percentage...................................... 581 
Triggered Reference Entity ........................ 531 
Triggered Reference Entity Loss ................ 531 
Triparty Account Control Agreement ......... 353 
U.S. Controlled Person ............................... 921 
U.S. Dollars .................................................... 6 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day . 233 
U.S. Gross Proceeds ..................................... 88 
U.S. Holder ................................................. 898 
U.S. Issuer .................................................. 900 
U.S. Person ................................. 354, 875, 876 
U.S. Special Resolution Regime................. 840 
U.S. Treasury .............................................. 898 
U.S.$ ....................................................... 6, 575 
UAE ............................................................ 860 
UK Benchmarks Regulation ......................... 31 
UK EMIR ..................................................... 67 
UK MiFIR .......................................... 818, 821 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ....... 818 
UK PRIIPS KID Regulation ....................... 863 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ................... 2, 655, 818 
UK Prospectus Regulation ..... 2, 353, 655, 821 
UK Short Selling Regulation ........................ 47 
Unconverted Amount ................................. 389 
underlying companies ........................... 86, 120 
Underlying Hedge Entity ............................ 353 
Underlying Hedge Tax Jurisdiction ............ 353 
Underlying Hedge Transactions ................. 353 
Underlying Index ........................................ 471 
Underlying Index Cancellation (ETF) ........ 471 
Underlying Index Modification (ETF) ....... 471 
Underlying Obligation ........................ 575, 644 
Underlying Obligor ............................ 575, 645 
Underlying RFR ......................................... 353 
Underlying Shares ...................................... 471 
Underlying Shares Issuer ............................ 471 
Undetermined Reference Entity ................. 532 
Unit ............................................................. 504 
Unitary Index .............................................. 485 
United States............................... 353, 875, 876 
Universal Successor............................ 176, 572 
Unpaid Redemption Proceeds ............ 605, 616 
Unpaid Redemption Proceeds Event .. 605, 616 
Unpaid Relevant Payment Amount .... 603, 616 
Unscheduled Holiday ................................. 354 
UpCAP ....................................................... 448 
Upper Boundary ......................................... 525 
UpPFI .......................................................... 448 
Upside Gearing ........................................... 448 
USA PATRIOT Act .................................... 877 
USBD .................................. 232, 233, 254, 403 
USBDx ........................................ 231, 254, 405 
USD ........................................................ 6, 575 
USD Equivalent Amount ............................ 354 
USD/Affected Currency Exchange Rate ..... 354 
User's Guide ................................................ 122 
USRPHC ..................................................... 919 
USRPI ......................................................... 919 
Valid Date ................................... 471, 485, 616 
Valuation Business Day .............................. 575 
Valuation Date .... 354, 449, 471, 485, 575, 616 
Valuation Dispute Right ............................. 102 
Valuation Event Date .................................. 575 
Valuation Method ....................................... 576 
Valuation Obligation ................................... 576 
Valuation Obligation Category ................... 576 
Valuation Obligation Characteristics .......... 576 
Valuation Obligations ................................. 169 
Valuation Time ................... 471, 485, 577, 616 
Value(t) ....................................................... 449 
Variable Interest Rate Security ................... 902 
VCA ............................................................ 449 
Vietnam ....................................................... 867 
Volatility Threshold .................................... 609 
Voting Shares .............................................. 577 
W................................................................. 449 
Warrants .............................................. 208, 354 
Weighted Average Quotation ...................... 577 
Weighted Coupon Factor Performance ....... 449 
Weighted Coupon Strike (High Watermark)
 .................................................................... 449 
Weighted Performance ................................ 449 
White List ................................................... 941 
Worst Final Value ....................................... 449 
Worst Initial Value ...................................... 449 
Worst Performance Reference Asset .......... 449 
Worst Reference Asset ................................ 449 
Worst Share ................................................. 450 
Written Decision ......................................... 303 
Written Decision Date ................................. 303 
x .................................................................. 406 
y .................................................. 230, 252, 406 
Y1 ....................................................... 321, 322 
Y2 ....................................................... 321, 322 
Zero Recovery ............................................. 545

--- Page 1002 ---
996 
 
Registered Office of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 
 
Registered Office of JPMSP 
 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
1111 Polaris Parkway 
Columbus, Ohio 43240 
United States of America  
 
J.P. Morgan Structured 
Products B.V. 
Luna ArenA 
Herikerbergweg 238 
1101 CM Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
 
 
Dealer and Arranger 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
Dealers 
 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
383 Madison Avenue 
5th Floor 
New York, New York 10179 
United States of America 
 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia 
Pacific) Limited 
25/F Chater House 
8 Connaught Road Central 
Hong Kong 
J.P. Morgan Securities 
Australia Limited 
Level 18 
85 Castlereagh Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
J.P. Morgan SE 
TaunusTurm 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
JPMorgan Securities Japan 
Co., Ltd. 
Tokyo Building 
7-3 Marunouchi 2-Chome 
Chiyoda-ku 
Tokyo 100-6432 
Japan 
 
Principal Programme Agent, 
Paying Agent and Transfer 
Agent 
 
 
Paying Agent, Registrar and 
Transfer Agent 
The Bank of New York 
Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London, EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
 
The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building 
Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 
Luxembourg 
 
Calculation Agents and Delivery Agents 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan SE 
TaunusTurm 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
383 Madison Avenue 
5th Floor 
New York, New York 10179 
United States of America

--- Page 1003 ---
997 
 
Luxembourg Listing Agent  
Matheson 
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
Irish Listing Agent  
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
75 St. Stephen's Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
Auditors 
 
 
Independent Auditors of 
JPMSP 
 
Independent Auditors of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Accountants N.V. 
Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5 
1066 JR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
LLP 
300 Madison Avenue 
New York, New York 10017 
United States of America 
 
Legal Advisers 
 
 
 
 
 
To the Arranger and Dealer 
 
 
in respect of English law 
 
in respect of U.S. law 
 
Ashurst LLP 
London Fruit and Wool Exchange 
1 Duval Square 
London E1 6PW 
United Kingdom 
 
Ashurst LLP 
55 Hudson Yards 
18th Floor 
New York, NY 10001 
United States of America 
in respect of German law 
 
in respect of Luxembourg law 
 
Ashurst LLP 
OpernTurm 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4  
60306 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of German  
 
Ashurst LLP 
Le Dôme, Building A 
15, rue Bender 
L-1229 Luxembourg 
 
 
To the Security Trustee 
 
 
 
in respect of English law 
 
 
 
Ashurst LLP 
London Fruit and Wool 
Exchange 
1 Duval Square 
London E1 6PW 
United Kingdom 
 
 
In respect of French Securities:  
 
French Programme Agent 
 
Legal Advisers to the 
Arranger and Dealer 
in respect of French law 
BNP Paribas S.A. 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
 
Ashurst LLP 
Avocats au Barreau de Paris 
18, square Edouard VII 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 1004 ---
998 
 
In respect of Swiss Securities:  
 
Swiss Programme Agent 
 
Legal Advisers to the 
Arranger and Dealer  
in respect of Swiss law 
 
UBS AG 
Bahnhofstrasse 45 
8001 Zürich  
Switzerland 
 
Homburger AG 
Prime Tower 
Hardstrasse 201 
8005 Zurich 
Switzerland 
In respect of German Securities: 
 
German Programme Agent 
 
Legal Advisers to the 
Arranger and Dealer 
in respect of German securities 
law 
BNP Paribas S.A. 
Germany Branch 
Senckenberganlage 19 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
MesseTurm 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 49 
60308 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
 
 
 
In respect of the Security 
Interests: 
 
 
Collateral Custodian (Lux) 
 
Collateral Custodian (UK) 
Security Trustee 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building 
Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 
Luxembourg 
 
The Bank of New York 
Mellon, London Branch  
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
BNY Mellon Corporate 
Trustee Services Limited  
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
 
Collateral Monitoring Agent 
 
 
The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Dublin 
Branch 
4th Floor 
Hanover Building 
Windmill Lane 
Dublin 2 
Ireland