--- Page 1 ---
Prospectus 
 
 
 
JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. 
(incorporated in the State of Delaware, United States of America) 
 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
(organized under the laws of the United States of America) 
 
U.S.$65,000,000,000 
in respect of Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 
U.S.$25,000,000,000 
in respect of Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association 
 
Euro Medium Term Note Program 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Program (the “Program”) described in this Prospectus (the “Prospectus”), each of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (each, an “Issuer,” and together, the “Issuers”), subject to compliance with the relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
may from time to time issue debt securities (the “Notes”). The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under the Program by JPMorgan Chase 
& Co. may be up to U.S.$65,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) outstanding at any one time and the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes issued under the Program by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. may be up to U.S.$25,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) 
outstanding at any one time. This Prospectus replaces the Prospectus dated October 5, 2023. 
 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as the competent authority for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) and constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only 
approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and 
such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Program. Application 
has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the Notes issued under the Program, other than 
Exempt Notes (as defined below), to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market. Such approval relates 
only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on Markets in Financial 
Instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the 
“EEA”) other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
 
This Prospectus has also been approved as “Listing Particulars” by Euronext Dublin in connection with the issue of Exempt Notes, and application 
has been made for Notes to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin 
(“GEM”). GEM is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
 
The Program provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as 
may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The Program also permits Notes to be issued on an unlisted basis and/or not 
be admitted to trading on any market. The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (each as defined in “Overview of the Program”) in respect 
of the issue of any Notes will specify whether such Notes will be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, on GEM or on 
another stock exchange or will be unlisted. Where the Notes issued are Exempt Notes, the term “Final Terms” means the Pricing Supplement for 
the relevant issue of Exempt Notes. 
 
References in this Prospectus to “Exempt Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Central Bank has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Prospectus relating to Exempt Notes, including the 
form of the Pricing Supplement in respect of Exempt Notes. 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), the rules of 
the U.S. Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the “OCC”) or the securities laws of any state in the United States. The Notes have not 
been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), any state securities commission or the OCC, 
nor has the SEC, any state securities commission or the OCC passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this Prospectus. The Notes may not 
be offered or sold within the United States or to or for the account of U.S. persons unless (i) in the case of Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase 
& Co., such Notes are registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from the registration requirements thereof is available or (ii) in 
the case of Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., such Notes are registered pursuant to the requirements of the OCC or an 
exemption from the registration requirements thereof is available. Each Series (as defined in “Overview of the Program”) of Notes will be

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
offered in “offshore transactions” (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)) outside the United States 
to non-U.S. persons in accordance with Regulation S. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on 
distribution of this Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale.” 
 
See “Risk Factors” for a discussion of certain risks that should be considered in connection with any investment in the Notes. 
 
Each Tranche (as defined in “Overview of the Program”) of Notes which is issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. will be sold in “offshore transactions” 
within the meaning of Regulation S and will be represented by beneficial interests in a permanent global note (each, a “Permanent Global Note”). 
Each Tranche of Notes which is issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will be sold in “offshore transactions” within the meaning of Regulation S 
and will be represented by beneficial interests in a temporary global note (each, a “Temporary Global Note”) which will be exchangeable for 
beneficial interests in the related Permanent Global Note (together with the Temporary Global Note, the “Global Notes”) not earlier than 40 days 
after the relevant issue date upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent 
Global Note will be deposited with, and registered in the name of, a nominee, common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) or deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of 
a nominee of, one or more other clearing systems (an “Alternative Clearing System”), as the case may be. Beneficial interests in Global Notes will 
be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through records maintained by, such clearing systems and their respective participants. 
Notes in definitive registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each, a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of 
each Noteholder’s entire holding of Notes of one Series. See “The Global Notes”. 
  
If Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to be held under the new safekeeping structure (“NSS”), they are intended 
to be held in a manner which would allow them to be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem, and such Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common 
Safekeeper”) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Notes which are not held under the NSS will be deposited on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”) or with a 
custodian for an Alternative Clearing System. 
 
Series of Notes issued under the Program may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
The Notes are unsecured general obligations of the relevant Issuer and are not savings accounts, deposits or other obligations of such Issuer 
or any bank or non-bank subsidiary of such Issuer and are not insured by the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”), 
the Deposit Insurance Fund or any other governmental agency or instrumentality. Subordinated Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. are subordinated to claims of depositors and are ineligible as collateral for a loan by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The obligations of 
each Issuer under Notes issued by it are the obligations of that Issuer and are not guaranteed by the other Issuer or by any other person. 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
J.P. Morgan 
 
 
 
 
 
October 4, 2024

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
This Prospectus comprises (i) in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued under the Program, a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, and (ii) in respect of Exempt Notes issued 
under the Program, “Listing Particulars” for the purposes of admission of the Exempt Notes to the Official 
List and trading on GEM and, for such purposes, does not constitute a “prospectus” for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
Each Final Terms will constitute final terms in relation to the Tranche of Notes, other than Exempt Notes, for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Each Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and any applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement in relation to Notes issued by it. To the best of the knowledge of each Issuer (having taken all 
reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all the documents incorporated by reference herein (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference; Available Information”) including any supplements hereto and, in relation to the final 
terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
References to the “Prospectus” shall mean this Prospectus and all documents incorporated by reference herein. 
No person is or has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Prospectus or incorporated by reference herein in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given 
or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized by either of the Issuers 
or any Dealer(s) or the Arranger (as defined in “Overview of the Program”). Neither the delivery of this Prospectus 
nor any offer or sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there 
has been no change in the affairs of either of the Issuers, the JPMorganChase Group (as defined below) or the 
JPMorganChase Bank Group (as defined below) since the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has 
been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of either of the 
Issuers, the JPMorganChase Group or the JPMorganChase Bank Group since the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Program is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. 
The credit ratings of each Issuer’s debt referred to on pages 98 and 100 of this Prospectus have been assigned 
by S&P Global Ratings, a division of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC (“S&P”), Moody’s Investors 
Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”) and Fitch Ratings, Inc. (“Fitch”), none of which is established in the European Union 
(the “EU”) or the United Kingdom (the “UK”) or is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”) or the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). However, ratings issued by S&P are 
endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, ratings issued by Moody’s are endorsed by Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH, and ratings issued by Fitch are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, each of which 
is established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation. Furthermore, ratings issued by S&P are 
endorsed S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, ratings issued by Moody’s are endorsed by Moody’s Investors 
Service Ltd, and ratings issued by Fitch are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, each of which is established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Credit ratings may be adjusted over time, and there is no 
assurance that these credit ratings will be effective after the date of this Prospectus.  
A credit rating may be assigned to a specific Series of Notes to be issued under the Program, and any such 
rating may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. In general, European and UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a credit rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
by a credit rating agency established in the EU or the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation unless the credit rating is (i) provided by a credit rating agency operating in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or operating in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation (as 
the case may be), (ii) endorsed by an EEA-registered or UK-registered credit rating agency, or (iii) provided 
by a non-EEA or non-UK credit rating agency which is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, and such registration, endorsement or certification, as the case may be, has not been 
withdrawn or superseded, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any Notes and may be subject to suspension, 
change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. Persons who come to possess this Prospectus are required by the Issuers, the Dealer(s) and the Arranger to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation or recommendation by or on behalf of the Issuers, the 
Dealer(s) or the Arranger to subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Prospectus shall be assumed 
to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the relevant Issuer. 
The Dealer(s) and the Arranger have not independently verified the information contained in this Prospectus. Neither 
the Dealer(s) nor the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with 
respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Prospectus or any other information provided 
by either of the Issuers in connection with the Program. Neither this Prospectus nor any document incorporated by 
reference herein is intended to provide or be the basis for any credit or other evaluation or should be considered as 
a recommendation by either of the Issuers, any of the Dealer(s) or the Arranger that any recipient of this Prospectus 
or any document incorporated by reference herein should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Prospectus, and its purchase of Notes 
should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Neither any of the Dealer(s) nor the Arranger 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of either of the Issuers during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming 
to the attention of any of the Dealer(s) or the Arranger. 
This Prospectus does not describe all of the risk factors (including those relating to each investor’s particular 
circumstances) of an investment in Notes of a particular structure, including the interest rate, exchange rate or other 
indices, relevant specified currencies, calculation formulae, and redemption, option and other rights associated with 
such Notes or where the investor’s currency is other than the Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement) of issue or in which payment of such Notes will be made. The risk factors identified or 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus are provided as general information only. Investors should consult their 
own financial, legal, tax and other professional advisors as to the risk factors arising from an investment in an issue 
of Notes and should possess the appropriate resources to analyze such investment and the suitability of such 
investment in such investor’s particular circumstances. See “Risk Factors” for a discussion of certain risks that should 
be considered in connection with any investment in the Notes. 
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to (a) “$,” “U.S.$” and 
“U.S. dollars” are to United States dollars; (b) “euro” or “€” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, 
as amended; (c) “sterling” and “£” are to pounds sterling; (d) “C$” and “CAD” are to Canadian dollars; (e) “A$” 
and “AUD” are to Australian dollars; (f) “rand” and “ZAR” are to South African rand; (g) “JPMorganChase” or 
“the JPMorganChase Group” are to JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its consolidated subsidiaries (including JPMorgan

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
Chase Bank, N.A.); (h) “JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.” are to JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association; 
(i) “JPMorganChase Bank” or “the JPMorganChase Bank Group” are to JPMorgan Chase Bank, National 
Association and its consolidated subsidiaries; and (j) “Prospectus Regulation” are to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended or superseded). 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing 
Supplement, in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing 
Supplement, in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing 
Supplement, in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing 
Supplement, in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as described in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of the UK MiFIR. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE 
The Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification” which will state the product 
classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”). If applicable, the relevant Issuer will make a determination and 
provide the appropriate written notification to “relevant persons” in relation to each issue about the classification of 
the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. 
In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s 
currency; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behavior of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) possible scenarios for economic, interest 
rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisors to determine whether and 
to what extent (1) the Notes are legal investments for it, (2) the Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult 
their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any 
such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of 
public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, J.P. Morgan Securities plc or other relevant Dealer(s) (if 
any) (the “Stabilizing Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of such Stabilizing Manager(s)) may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilizing Manager(s) will 
undertake stabilization action. Any stabilization action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, 
but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after 
the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilization action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant Stabilizing Manager(s) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
No Consent Given or Responsibility Taken for Any Public Offerings in the EEA or in the UK 
 
Neither of the Issuers nor the Arranger nor any Dealer consents to the use of this Prospectus (or any supplement thereto 
or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) by any financial intermediary or any other person for the purpose of making 
a public offering of the Notes in the EEA or in the UK, and neither of the Issuers nor the Arranger nor any Dealer 
accepts any responsibility for the content of this Prospectus to any person with respect to the making of a public 
offering of the Notes by any financial intermediary or other person or for the actions of such financial intermediary or 
other person making such offer. 
 
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
Certain statements in this Prospectus and the other documents referred to herein may be considered forward-looking 
statements. These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. 
Forward-looking statements often use words such as “anticipate,” “target,” “expect,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan,” 
“goal,” “believe,” or other words of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements provide the Issuers’ current 
expectations or forecasts of future events, circumstances, results or aspirations. The Issuers also may make forward-
looking statements in other documents filed or furnished with the SEC, the OCC, Euronext Dublin or other regulatory 
authorities. In addition, JPMorganChase’s senior management may make forward-looking statements orally to 
investors, analysts, representatives of the media and others. 
 
All forward-looking statements are, by their nature, subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the 
Issuers’ control. The Issuers’ actual future results may differ materially from those set forth in their forward-looking 
statements. While there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, below are 
certain factors which could cause actual results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements: 
• 
local, regional and global business, economic and political conditions and geopolitical events, including 
geopolitical tensions and hostilities;

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
• 
changes in laws, rules and regulatory requirements, including capital and liquidity requirements affecting 
JPMorganChase’s businesses, and JPMorganChase’s ability to address those requirements; 
• 
heightened regulatory and governmental oversight and scrutiny of JPMorganChase’s business practices, 
including dealings with retail customers; 
• 
changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws; 
• 
changes in the level of inflation; 
• 
changes in income tax laws, rules and regulations; 
• 
changes in FDIC assessments; 
• 
securities and capital markets behavior, including changes in market liquidity and volatility; 
• 
changes in investor sentiment or consumer spending or savings behavior; 
• 
JPMorganChase’s ability to manage effectively its capital and liquidity; 
• 
changes in credit ratings assigned to the Issuers or their subsidiaries; 
• 
damage to JPMorganChase’s reputation; 
• 
JPMorganChase’s ability to appropriately address social, environmental and sustainability concerns that may 
arise, including from its business activities; 
• 
JPMorganChase’s ability to deal effectively with an economic slowdown or other economic or market 
disruption, including, but not limited to, in the interest rate environment; 
• 
technology changes instituted by JPMorganChase, its counterparties or competitors; 
• 
the effectiveness of JPMorganChase’s control agenda; 
• 
JPMorganChase’s ability to develop or discontinue products and services, and the extent to which products 
or services previously sold by JPMorganChase require it to incur liabilities or absorb losses not contemplated 
at their initiation or origination; 
• 
acceptance of JPMorganChase’s new and existing products and services by the marketplace and the ability 
of JPMorganChase to innovate and to increase market share; 
• 
JPMorganChase’s ability to attract and retain qualified and diverse employees; 
• 
JPMorganChase’s ability to control expenses; 
• 
competitive pressures; 
• 
changes in the credit quality of JPMorganChase’s clients, customers and counterparties; 
• 
adequacy of JPMorganChase’s risk management framework, disclosure controls and procedures, and internal 
control over financial reporting; 
• 
adverse judicial or regulatory proceedings; 
• 
JPMorganChase’s ability to determine accurate values of certain assets and liabilities; 
• 
occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or calamities, including health emergencies, the spread of 
infectious diseases, epidemics or pandemics, an outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other geopolitical 
instabilities, the effects of climate change or extraordinary events beyond JPMorganChase’s control, and 
JPMorganChase’s ability to deal effectively with disruptions caused by the foregoing;

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
• 
JPMorganChase’s ability to maintain the security of its financial, accounting, technology, data processing 
and other operational systems and facilities; 
• 
JPMorganChase’s ability to withstand disruptions that may be caused by any failure of its operational systems 
or those of third parties; 
• 
JPMorganChase’s ability to effectively defend itself against cyber attacks and other attempts by unauthorized 
parties to access information of JPMorganChase or its customers or to disrupt JPMorganChase’s systems; 
and 
• 
the other risks and uncertainties referenced under the caption “Risk Factors” in this Prospectus. 
Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of either Issuer speak only as of the date they are made, and 
the Issuers do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. Potential purchasers should, however, consult 
any further disclosures of a forward-looking nature that JPMorgan Chase & Co. may make in any subsequent Annual 
Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
Overview of the Program ........................................................................................................................................
11
Risk Factors.............................................................................................................................................................
18
Documents Incorporated by Reference ...................................................................................................................
32
Available Information .............................................................................................................................................
34
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .........................................................................................................................
35
The Global Notes.....................................................................................................................................................
85
Use of Proceeds.......................................................................................................................................................
91
JPMorgan Chase & Co............................................................................................................................................
96
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ..................................................................................................................................
99
Taxation of the Notes ..............................................................................................................................................
101
Certain ERISA Matters............................................................................................................................................
105
Subscription and Sale ..............................................................................................................................................
107
Form of Final Terms................................................................................................................................................
115
Form of Pricing Supplement ...................................................................................................................................
126
General Information ................................................................................................................................................
137

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAM 
 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this summary. The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may 
be issued in a form other than that contemplated in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” herein, in which event, in 
the case of listed Notes only, a new prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement 
reached in relation to such Notes. 
 
Issuers: 
 
Issuers’ Legal Entity Identifiers (LEI): 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. – 8I5DZWZKVSZI1NUHU748 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association – 
7H6GLXDRUGQFU57RNE97 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Program. Up to U.S.$65,000,000,000 (in respect 
of Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co.) and up to U.S.$25,000,000,000 
(in respect of Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.) (or, in each 
case, the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time may be issued under 
the Program. 
Arranger: 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc  
Dealer(s): 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc  
 
The Issuers may from time to time terminate the appointment of the 
Dealer(s) under the Program or appoint additional dealers either in respect 
of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Program. References in 
this Prospectus to the “Permanent Dealers” are to J.P. Morgan Securities 
plc as Dealer and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers 
in respect of the Program (and whose appointment has not been terminated) 
and to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as 
a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Issuing and Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Paying Agents: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch and The Bank of New 
York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Registrar: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Transfer Agents: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch and The Bank of New 
York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Calculation Agent: 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch or any other entity that the 
Issuer of a particular Series of Notes may designate to calculate the interest 
payable on such Notes. The Issuer of a particular Series of Notes, or any 
affiliate of the Issuer, may assume the duties of the Calculation Agent in 
respect of such Notes. 
Irish Listing Agent: 
Matheson LLP

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Currencies: 
 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in U.S. dollars, Australian dollars, Brazilian reais, 
Canadian dollars, Danish kroner, euro, Hong Kong dollars, Icelandic 
kronur, Japanese yen, Mexican pesos, New Zealand dollars, Norwegian 
kroner, Polish zloty, Singapore dollars, South African rand, Swedish 
kronor, Swiss francs, Turkish lira or United Kingdom sterling, or in other 
currencies if the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) so agree. 
Redenomination, Renominalization, 
Reconventioning and/or Consolidation: 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, Notes 
denominated in the national currency of a Member State that subsequently 
participates in the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union may, following the giving of notice by the relevant Issuer to the 
Noteholders, the Issuing and Paying Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be subject to redenomination (if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, in accordance with Condition 6(b) 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), renominalization, 
reconventioning and/or consolidation with other Notes then denominated 
in euro. 
Denomination: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, subject to (a) where such 
Notes are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA 
or offered to the public in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, in a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency at the time of issue); and (b) 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes other than Exempt Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) 
in respect of which the proceeds of the issue are received by the relevant 
Issuer in the UK and which have a maturity of less than one year will (A) 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be issued only to (1) persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or (2) persons 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, or 
(B) be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at par or at a discount or premium to par. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in registered form. 
Each Tranche of Notes which is issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. will be 
sold in “offshore transactions” (within the meaning of Regulation S) 
outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in accordance with 
Regulation S and will be represented by interests in a Permanent Global 
Note, without interest coupons, which will be deposited with, and

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
registered in the name of, a nominee, common depositary or common 
safekeeper for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or deposited with a 
custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee, of an Alternative 
Clearing System, as the case may be. Each Tranche of Notes which is 
issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will be sold in “offshore 
transactions” (within the meaning of Regulation S) outside the United 
States to non-U.S. persons in accordance with Regulation S and will be 
represented by interests in a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable for beneficial interests in the related Permanent Global Note, 
without interest coupons, each of which will be deposited with a custodian 
for, and registered in the name of, a nominee, common depositary or 
common safekeeper for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
deposited with, and registered in the name of a nominee of, an Alternative 
Clearing System, as the case may be. Beneficial interests in Global Notes 
will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, 
records maintained by such clearing systems and their respective 
participants. Temporary Global Notes will be exchangeable only in the 
manner and upon compliance with the procedures described herein, for 
Permanent Global Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date, upon 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No interest will be payable 
in respect of a Temporary Global Note except as described under “The 
Global Notes.”  
Definitive Notes will not be issued other than in the limited circumstances 
set out in the relevant Global Note, as described under “The Global Notes.”  
Any Definitive Notes that are issued will be in registered form and 
represented by Certificates, one Certificate being issued in respect of each 
Noteholder’s entire holding of Notes of one Series.  “Definitive Notes” 
means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Notes for which such 
Global Note may be exchanged under certain limited circumstances as 
described under “The Global Notes.” 
See “The Global Notes.” 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each, a “Series”), having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of 
the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each, a 
“Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each 
Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with supplemental 
terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche, will be identical 
to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the 
final terms or pricing supplement relating to such Tranche (the “Final 
Terms” or “Pricing Supplement”). 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In relation to any Tranche, the relevant Issuer may appoint an Alternative 
Clearing System as may be agreed among such Issuer, the Agent and the 
relevant Dealer(s). 
Initial Delivery of Notes:  
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the Global Note is intended 
to be held in a manner which would allow it to be recognized as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations,

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
the Global Note will be delivered to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for each 
Tranche, if the Global Note is not intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow it to be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations, the Global Note may be 
deposited with the Common Depositary. Global Notes may also be 
deposited with an Alternative Clearing System, or Notes may be delivered 
outside any clearing system; provided that the method of such delivery has 
been agreed in advance by the relevant Issuer, the Agent and the relevant 
Dealer(s). Notes that are to be credited to one or more clearing systems on 
issue will be registered in the name of nominees, a common nominee or a 
common safekeeper for such clearing systems. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest set separately for each Series. Fixed 
interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest set separately for each Series by 
reference to a Reference Rate (as defined below) as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (or such other benchmark as may be 
agreed by the relevant Issuer and any Dealer or Dealers) as adjusted for any 
applicable margin. Interest periods will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Notes will bear interest set separately for each Series and which is 
recalculated at specified intervals by reference to a Reset Reference Rate 
(as defined below) as set out in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. Reset Dates (as defined below) will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest except in the case of late payment as 
described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Interest and Other 
Calculations.” 
Interest Periods and Rates of Interest: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable rate of 
interest or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be 
constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum rate of interest, a 
minimum rate of interest, or both. The use of interest accrual periods 
permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest 
period. All such information will be set out in the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement. 
Other Notes: 
Terms applicable to high interest Notes, low interest Notes, step-up Notes  
and step-down Notes that the relevant Issuer and any Dealer(s) may agree 
to issue under the Program will be set out in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. 
Optional Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of each issue 
of Notes will state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity at the option of the relevant Issuer (either in whole or in 
part) and/or the holders and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption.
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer prior to maturity only for

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
tax reasons. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Redemption, 
Purchase and Options.” 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments with respect to the Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes or other charges 
imposed by any governmental authority or agency in the United States, 
except as required by law. In the event that any such withholding or 
deduction is required, the relevant Issuer will pay additional amounts as 
provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Taxation,” subject to 
the exceptions as are set out therein. See “Taxation of the Notes — United 
States Federal Income Taxation” for a discussion of certain U.S. federal 
income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
Status of Notes: 
The Senior Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the relevant Issuer, and the Subordinated Notes will constitute 
subordinated and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer, all as 
described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Status” and “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes — Subordination,” respectively. If the Notes 
are specified to be Subordinated Notes, the obligations of the relevant 
Issuer under the Notes will be unsecured and will be subordinated in right 
of payment to all Senior Indebtedness (as defined in “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes — Subordination — Definitions”) of such Issuer, whether 
outstanding as of the relevant issue date or incurred thereafter. 
The Notes are unsecured general obligations of the relevant Issuer and are 
not savings accounts, deposits or other obligations of such Issuer or any 
bank or non-bank subsidiary of such Issuer and are not insured by the 
FDIC, the Deposit Insurance Fund or any other governmental agency or 
instrumentality. Subordinated Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. are subordinated to claims of depositors and are ineligible as collateral 
for a loan by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 
The obligations of each Issuer under Notes issued by it are the obligations 
of that Issuer and are not guaranteed by the other Issuer or by any other 
person. 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Listing: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes (other than 
Exempt Notes) issued under the Program to be admitted to the Official List 
of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin, which is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
Application has also been made to Euronext Dublin for Exempt Notes 
issued under the Program to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin and to trading on GEM, which is not a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II. 
Notes may be issued on an unlisted basis or as otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. The Program provides that 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related 
to the Notes, will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws 
of the State of New York, United States of America. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement relating to each Series of Notes will specify the 
intended allocation of the net proceeds from the issuance of such Notes, as 
follows: (i) where “General Corporate Purposes” is so specified, for general 
corporate purposes; (ii) where “Green Bond Issue” is so specified, to 
finance or refinance Eligible Green Projects (as defined below); (iii) where 
“Social Bond Issue” is so specified, to finance or refinance Eligible Social 
Projects (as defined below); or (iv) where “Sustainability Bond Issue” is so 
specified, to finance or refinance a combination of Eligible Green Projects 
and Eligible Social Projects. 
Credit Ratings: 
A Series of Notes issued under the Program may be rated or unrated. Where 
a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Credit ratings may be adjusted over 
time, and there is no assurance that the credit ratings will be effective after 
the date of the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series 
of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”) 
will be disclosed in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (or is 
endorsed and published or distributed by subscription by such a credit 
rating agency in accordance with the CRA Regulation) unless the rating is 
(i) provided by a credit rating agency operating in the EU and registered 
under the CRA Regulation, (ii) is endorsed by an EEA-registered credit 
rating agency, or (iii) provided by a non-EEA credit rating agency which is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
Selling Restrictions: 
 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the EEA, the UK, Italy, Canada, Australia, Japan, Hong 
Kong, Singapore, South Africa and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with a particular issue of Notes. The Notes will be 
sold in “offshore transactions” (within the meaning of Regulation S) 
outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in accordance with 
Regulation S. See “Subscription and Sale.”  
Key Risks Specific to the Issuer(s): 
Investors in the Notes are exposed to the creditworthiness of the relevant 
Issuer. JPMorganChase (including JPMorganChase Bank) is a major global 
financial services group and, as such, faces a variety of risks that are 
substantial and inherent in its businesses, and which may affect the relevant 
Issuer’s ability to fulfil its respective payment or other obligations under 
the relevant Notes. These include risks related to regulatory, political, 
market, credit, liquidity, capital, operational, strategic, conduct, reputation, 
country, people and legal matters, including litigation and other contingent 
liabilities, competition risks, geopolitical risks, including geopolitical

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
tensions and hostilities, and risks related to the financial condition of 
clients, customers and counterparties, adverse economic, political or 
regulatory developments, cyber attacks and extraordinary events beyond 
JPMorganChase’s control. The results of operations of JPMorganChase 
and JPMorganChase Bank have in the past been, and may in the future be, 
adversely affected by unfavorable U.S. and international financial market 
and economic conditions.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
RISK FACTORS  
The risk factors described below (including those contained in the documents specified below which are 
incorporated by reference herein) (i) may affect the ability of the relevant Issuer to fulfill its obligations under the 
Notes issued under the Program and (ii) are material in assessing the market for Notes issued under the Program. 
The business, financial condition or results of operations of the relevant Issuer could be materially adversely 
affected by any of these risks. Each of the Issuers believes that the factors described below (including those 
contained in the documents specified below which are incorporated by reference herein) represent the principal 
risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Program, but an Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal 
or other amounts in connection with any Notes issued by it for other reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by such Issuer based on information currently available to it or which such Issuer may not 
currently be able to anticipate.  Please read “Risk Factors” in the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2023 Annual Report 
(pages 9-33), which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, where certain additional uncertainties 
associated with the relevant Issuer’s business that may affect such Issuer’s financial condition and results of 
operation and the claims of certain debt holders are discussed (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference; 
Available Information”).  
 
For purposes of an issuance by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., risk factors and forward-looking statements included 
below and that are contained in the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2023 Annual Report (pages 9-33), which is 
incorporated by reference herein, should be read to reference JPMorganChase Bank even where JPMorganChase 
is referenced. In the case of risk factors included below, references to the “Issuer” or the “relevant Issuer” shall 
mean the Issuer of the applicable Notes, whether JPMorgan Chase & Co. or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., except 
as otherwise specified. 
 
Factors Which are Material for the Purpose of Assessing the Market Risks Associated with Notes Issued Under 
the Program 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Program. Some of these Notes may have features that contain particular 
risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features: 
Notes Subject to Optional Redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the relevant Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds with a similar level 
of risk at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may be able to do so 
only at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Regulation and reform of “benchmarks” and risks related to Notes which are linked to “benchmarks” 
 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are 
deemed to be “benchmarks,” including those in widespread and long-standing use, have in recent years been the 
subject of international, national and other regulatory scrutiny, guidance, reform and proposals for reform. These 
reforms may cause benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be fully anticipated. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
return on, value of and market for Notes that are linked to such benchmarks. The Benchmarks Regulation could have 
a material impact on any Notes linked to a benchmark, including in any of the following circumstances: 
 
a rate or index which is a benchmark is not permitted to be used as such if its administrator does not obtain 
authorization or registration or if it is not able to rely on one of the regimes available to non-EU benchmarks. 
In such event, depending on the particular benchmark and the applicable Conditions of the Notes, the 
Conditions of Notes linked to any such benchmark might be adjusted pursuant to Condition 4(c) (Rate of 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes) or the interest rate applicable to such Notes might effectively become fixed 
at the rate last set in accordance with the Conditions of the relevant Notes; and 
 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the terms of the 
Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing, increasing or affecting the rate 
or level of that benchmark or the volatility of its rate or level. 
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks under the Benchmarks Regulation have 
been extended until the end of 2025. Such developments may also create uncertainty regarding any future legislative 
or regulatory requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations, including the impacts set out 
above. 
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area published a set of guiding principles and high-level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro-denominated cash products (including 
bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference 
EURIBOR in relevant contracts without robust fallback provisions may increase the risk to the euro area financial 
system. On May 11, 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback 
trigger events and fallback rates. For debt securities, the working group recommended that the replacement rate should 
be the euro short-term rate (“€STR”) with a backward-looking lookback period methodology with an observation shift 
methodology and applying an adjustment spread based on a five-year historical median methodology. 
Separately, in accordance with announcements by the ICE Benchmark Administration, the administrator of the 
London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), and the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”), which regulates 
LIBOR, all tenors of the euro, sterling, Swiss franc and yen LIBORs and the one week and two month tenors of U.S. 
dollar LIBOR were discontinued as of December 31, 2021 and the remaining tenors of U.S. dollar LIBOR were 
discontinued on June 30, 2023. The calculation and publication of all tenors of the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate 
(“CDOR”) were discontinued by Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) Limited (“RBSL”), the administrator of CDOR, 
immediately following a final publication on June 28, 2024. 
Any of the benchmark reforms that have been proposed or implemented, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of such 
benchmarks and complying with regulations or requirements relating to benchmarks. Such factors may have the effect 
of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain benchmarks, trigger changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain benchmarks. The 
disappearance of a benchmark or changes in the manner of administration of a benchmark could result in adjustments 
to the terms and conditions of Notes linked to any such benchmark pursuant to Condition 4(c) (Rate of Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes) or the interest rate applicable to such Notes might effectively become fixed at the rate last set in 
accordance with the Conditions of the relevant Notes. In particular, changes in the manner of administration or 
potential elimination of a particular benchmark could result in adverse consequences to the applicable interest rate on 
Notes that are linked to such benchmark, which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for any such 
Notes. See “Floating rate interest will be calculated using a different base rate if a Reference Rate is discontinued” 
below.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
It is impossible to predict the effect that the replacement of an existing benchmark with an alternative rate may have 
on the value of Notes that are linked to such benchmark. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on the return on, value of and market for any such Notes. 
Floating rate interest will be calculated using a different base rate if a Reference Rate is discontinued   
If a Reference Rate (including, for example, EURIBOR) were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on any Notes which reference such Reference Rate (such as Floating Rate Notes) will be determined for the 
relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes (as further described in Condition 4). Depending 
on the manner in which the Reference Rate is to be determined under the Conditions of the relevant Notes if the 
Alternative Fallback is specified as not applicable, this may in certain circumstances (i) be reliant upon the provision 
by Reference Banks of offered quotations for the relevant rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not 
be available at the relevant time or may provide a different result than if that Reference Rate had continued or 
continued to be administered in its previous form; or (ii) result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the 
rate which applied in the previous period when the Reference Rate was available. In circumstances where the 
Reference Rate continues to be available but is administered differently or performs differently, this could result in 
adverse consequences for Notes linked to such Reference Rates (including Floating Rate Notes). If the Alternative 
Fallback is specified as applicable and the Conditions of the Notes are adjusted pursuant to Condition 4(c) so as to 
provide for an Alternative Reference Rate, there can be no assurance that any applicable Margin will be adjusted for 
any difference between the Alternative Reference Rate and the original Reference Rate applicable to the Notes or that 
any adjustment made will correspond to the difference between the original Reference Rate and the Alternative 
Reference Rate when assessed at any particular date. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates such as the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the €STR and the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average (“CORRA”) as 
reference rates in the capital markets and their adoption as alternatives to or replacements of sterling LIBOR, 
EURIBOR and CDOR, respectively. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups continue to 
develop alternative reference rates based on SONIA, €STR and CORRA (collectively, the “Risk-Free Rates”). The 
market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of a particular Risk-Free Rate that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions as applicable to Notes issued under this Prospectus which reference such Risk-Free 
Rate. As SONIA, €STR and CORRA are published and calculated by the Bank of England, the European Central 
Bank and the Bank of Canada, respectively, based on data received from other sources, the Issuers have no control 
over their determination, calculation or publication. There can be no assurance that a Risk-Free Rate will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes that 
reference such Risk-Free Rate. If the manner in which a Risk-Free Rate is calculated is changed, that change may 
result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on Notes that reference such Risk-Free Rate and the trading 
prices of such Notes. Furthermore, each of the Issuers may in the future issue Notes referencing a Risk-Free Rate that 
differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any Notes which reference such Risk-Free 
Rate that were previously issued by the relevant Issuer under the Program.  
The development of Risk-Free Rates as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as well as the ongoing 
development of rates based on Risk-Free Rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes issued 
under the Program from time to time which reference any of the Risk-Free Rates. In addition, the Risk-Free Rates 
may differ from inter-bank offered rates such as EURIBOR in a number of material respects. For example, EURIBOR 
includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending, whereas the Risk-Free Rates are risk-free overnight rates. 
Furthermore, whereas the term version of EURIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, interest rate 
determinations based on the Risk-Free Rates over a particular term are backwards-looking in most cases and are

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
calculated on a compounded or weighted-average basis. As such, investors should be aware that the Risk-Free Rates 
may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes than EURIBOR or other inter-bank offered 
rates. 
Interest on Notes that reference Risk-Free Rates is capable of being determined only immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and not at the beginning of an Interest Period. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which 
reference such rates to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors 
may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their information technology or other operational 
systems, any of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. In addition, in contrast to Notes that 
reference EURIBOR, if Notes that reference a Risk-Free Rate or a rate based on a Risk-Free Rate become due and 
payable as a result of an event of default under Condition 9, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an 
Interest Payment Date in accordance with Condition 5, the rate of interest payable for the final Interest Accrual Period 
in respect of such Notes will be determined with reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date 
on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The terms of Notes which reference certain of the Risk-Free Rates, including Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded 
Daily SONIA, CORRA Compounded Index, Daily Compounded CORRA, Weighted Average €STR or Weighted 
Average SONIA, provide that if the €STR, SONIA or CORRA reference rate, as applicable, is not available or has 
not otherwise been published, the amount of interest payable on such Notes may be determined based upon another 
reference rate and spread adjustment, including, under certain circumstances, a replacement reference rate and spread 
adjustment recommended by the central bank that sponsors the Risk-Free Rate that is no longer available or a 
committee endorsed or convened by such central bank. See Condition 4 for additional information regarding such 
provisions. If these rate and spread adjustment provisions of Notes which reference Risk-Free Rates become 
applicable, this could result in adverse consequences to the amount of interest payable on such Notes, which could 
adversely affect the return on, value of and market for such Notes. Further, there is no assurance that the characteristics 
of any such replacement rate and/or spread adjustment will be similar to, or will produce the economic equivalent of, 
the Risk-Free Rate that it replaces. In addition, in certain cases, if the rate of interest on Notes that reference a Risk-
Free Rate cannot be determined using the provisions summarized above, then the rate of interest will be that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date, which would cause the rate of interest on such Notes 
to become fixed and could thereby adversely affect the return on, value of and market for such Notes. 
The manner of adoption or application of the Risk-Free Rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared 
with the application and adoption of the Risk-Free Rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Investors should carefully consider how any potential inconsistencies between the adoption of such reference rates 
across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such reference rates. 
Because the Risk-Free Rates are relatively new in the market, there may be no established trading market for Notes 
linked to such rates when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. 
Market terms for debt securities referencing the Risk-Free Rates, such as the spread over the Reference Rate reflected 
in the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such debt securities may be lower than 
those of later issued debt securities as a result. Furthermore, such Risk-Free Rates have a limited performance history 
and the future performance of the Risk-Free Rates is impossible to predict. As a consequence, no future performance 
of the Risk-Free Rates should be inferred from any of the hypothetical or actual historical performance data. Further, 
if the Risk-Free Rates or rates based on the Risk-Free Rates are not widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading 
price of such Notes linked to or referencing such reference rates may be lower than those of Notes linked to indices 
that are more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell 
such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the return on, value of and market for the Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the relevant Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The relevant Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the relevant Issuer may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the relevant Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favorable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be 
lower than the rates on other Notes. If the relevant Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate 
may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and any such change may have a significant adverse effect on the 
market value of the Notes. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the interest payment 
on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset Date. On the 
First Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the 
applicable Reset Reference Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the 
Issuer on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a “Subsequent Reset Rate”). The Subsequent 
Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior 
Reset Periods, which would result in the amount of any interest payments under such Reset Notes being lower than 
the interest payments prior to such Subsequent Reset Date and so could affect the market value of an investment in 
the Reset Notes. 
If the Reset Reference Rate in respect of Reset Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
as the Mid-Swap Rate, and if the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (including, for example, EURIBOR) were 
to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable and the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement does not provide 
for any Reset Reference Bond Rate or the U.S. Treasury Rate as the fallback Reset Reference Rate to the Mid-Swap 
Rate, the Rate of Interest on any Notes in respect of any Reset Period will be determined for the relevant period by 
the provisions applicable to such Notes as further described in Condition 4(e) (Reset Notes and Benchmark 
Replacement), in which case there can be no assurance that the Rate of Interest for any Reset Period will be adjusted 
for any difference between the Alternative Reference Rate and Adjustment Spread or the Successor Rate, as 
applicable, and the original Reset Reference Rate applicable to the Notes or that any adjustment made will correspond 
to the difference between the original Reset Reference Rate and the Alternative Reference Rate and Adjustment Spread 
or the Successor Rate, as applicable, when assessed at any particular date. This may result in interest payments that 
are lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on such Notes 
if the original Reset Reference Rate remained available in its current form. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Reset Notes. 
Notes Issued at a Substantial Discount or Premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to fluctuate 
more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. As such, holders of Notes issued at a substantial discount or 
premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-bearing 
securities.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
Subordinated Notes Have Limited Right of Acceleration 
Upon an Event of Default (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) or any event which, with notice or 
lapse of time or both, would become an Event of Default, holders of Senior Notes may declare those notes in default 
and accelerate the maturity of those notes. Holders of Subordinated Notes do not generally have that right; holders of 
Subordinated Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. may accelerate payment of principal only in the case of the 
bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency of JPMorgan Chase & Co., and holders of Subordinated Notes issued by 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. may accelerate payment of principal only in the case of the insolvency or reorganization 
of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or the appointment of a conservator, receiver or liquidator of JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. or substantially all of its property. As such, the remedies available to holders of Subordinated Notes are limited, 
which may make enforcement more difficult. 
Subordinated Notes Are Junior Debt Obligations 
The Subordinated Notes are subordinate and junior in right of payment to all Senior Indebtedness (as defined in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of the relevant Issuer. The relevant Issuer will not make any payment of 
principal, premium, if any, or interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes unless all amounts then due on its Senior 
Indebtedness have been paid in full or there exists an event of default that permits the holders of such Senior 
Indebtedness to accelerate the maturity of such Senior Indebtedness. There is no limit on the ability of either Issuer to 
issue or incur Senior Indebtedness. The Subordinated Notes are not secured, are not guaranteed by either Issuer or any 
affiliate of either Issuer and are not subject to any other arrangement that legally or economically enhances the ranking 
of the Subordinated Notes in relation to more senior claims. In addition, holders of the Subordinated Notes may be 
fully subordinated to interests held by the U.S. government in the event that the relevant Issuer enters into a 
receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding. As such, holders of the Subordinated Notes may receive 
less than or none of their investment should the relevant Issuer becomes insolvent. 
Subordinated Notes of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
None of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s outstanding subordinated indebtedness (other than certain junior subordinated 
indebtedness) is subordinated to the Subordinated Notes. However, due to the subordination provisions of various 
series of subordinated indebtedness issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its predecessor institutions, in the event of 
a dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, reorganization or insolvency of JPMorgan Chase & Co., holders of 
Subordinated Notes of JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any series may recover less, ratably, than holders of some series of 
its outstanding subordinated indebtedness and more, ratably, than holders of other series of its outstanding 
subordinated indebtedness. 
Subordinated Notes of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
The OCC, or any receiver or conservator appointed by the OCC (and such receiver shall be the FDIC for any bank 
with FDIC-insured deposits), will have the right, but not the obligation, in the performance of its legal duties, and as 
part of any transaction or plan of reorganization or liquidation relating to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., to transfer or 
direct the transfer of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s obligations under its Subordinated Notes then outstanding to any 
U.S. national banking association, state bank or bank holding company selected by the OCC or such official that will 
expressly assume the obligation of the due and punctual payment of the unpaid principal, interest and premium, if any, 
on such Subordinated Notes and the due and punctual performance of all covenants and conditions, in each case 
without the consent of the holders of such Subordinated Notes. The completion of such transfer and assumption will 
serve to supersede and void any default, acceleration or subordination that may have occurred, or that may occur, due 
or related to such transaction, plan, transfer or assumption, pursuant to the provisions of such Subordinated Notes of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate such as 
EURIBOR. The market values of such Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other conventional 
floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating 
Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, 
but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these 
Notes. 
There can be no assurance that the use of proceeds of any Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond 
Issue will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement relating to a Series of 
Notes may provide that the relevant Issuer intends that an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issuance of such 
Notes will be allocated to fund Eligible Green Projects (each a “Green Bond Issue”), Eligible Social Projects (each a 
“Social Bond Issue”) or a combination of Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects (each a “Sustainability 
Bond Issue”), as described below under “Use of Proceeds”. JPMorganChase will exercise judgment and use its sole 
discretion in determining what constitutes an Eligible Green Project or Eligible Social Project. Investors are advised 
that if the use of the net proceeds of any issuance of Notes to be issued as a Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or 
Sustainability Bond Issue is a factor in their decision whether to invest in such Notes, such investors should determine 
for themselves the relevance of the information set forth under “Use of Proceeds”, consult with their counsel or other 
advisors and undertake any other investigation they deem necessary before investing in such Notes. JPMorganChase 
can provide no assurance that the projects that it selects for the Sustainable Asset Portfolio (as defined herein), and to 
which net proceeds from the issuance of any Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue will 
be allocated, will at any time or from time to time meet the expectations of investors concerning direct or indirect 
environmental, social or sustainability benefits or impacts, expectations for sustainable finance products or any criteria 
or guidelines with which an investor may wish or be required to comply. In addition, the Eligible Green Projects or 
Eligible Social Projects may have complex and/or adverse environmental, social, sustainability or other impacts, 
which may occur during the construction or implementation of any Eligible Green Project or Eligible Social Project. 
Furthermore, any such project may become controversial or criticized by activist groups or other stakeholders, which 
could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for Notes issued as a Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue 
or Sustainability Bond Issue, as applicable. 
There are currently no universally-accepted global frameworks for or definitions (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or an equivalently labelled project or 
product or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project or product to be defined as “green”, 
“social”, “sustainable” or such other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that such clear definitions or 
consensus will develop over time. JPMorganChase intends for any Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or 
Sustainability Bond Issue offered under this prospectus to be issued in accordance with the International Capital 
Markets Association (“ICMA”) Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles or Sustainability Bond Guidelines 
(each as defined herein), as applicable. However, no assurance is or can be given to investors that an Eligible Green 
Project or Eligible Social Project or the Notes issued as a Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond 
Issue will meet any or all investor expectations regarding “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or other equivalently 
labelled objectives or meet any rating criteria, taxonomies, standards or other independent expectations, including the 
Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles or Sustainability Bond Guidelines. Representatives of JPMorganChase 
were among the co-authors of the original Green Bond Principles, and as of the date hereof, an employee of 
JPMorganChase serves as a representative of the underwriter community on the Executive Committee that oversees 
the Green Bond Principles.  JPMorganChase and its employees (including such representatives) have no obligation to 
consider the interests of holders of the Notes in taking any actions in connection with the development, modification 
or administration of the Green Bond Principles that might affect or otherwise impact the return on, value of and market

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
for the Notes in any way. 
In the EU, the EU Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2020/852) (“EU Taxonomy”) establishes a classification 
system (or taxonomy) which seeks to provide a common basis to identify whether or not a given economic activity 
should be considered “environmentally sustainable”. Also, the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (“SFDR”) 
(Regulation (EU) 2019/2088) sets out how financial market participants in EU must disclose sustainability information 
including the criteria to qualify certain investment products or their holdings as “sustainable investments”. Any 
issuance of Notes to be issued as a Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue does not take 
into account any of the EU criteria for environmentally sustainable investments as set out under the EU Taxonomy 
and does not qualify as a “sustainable investment” under the SFDR.  
In addition, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament and of the Council on European Green Bonds 
and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (the 
“European Green Bond Regulation”) entered into force on December 21, 2023 and will allow issuers to issue European 
Green Bonds from December 21, 2024. The European Green Bond Regulation is voluntary in nature, and it includes 
a set of requirements with which securities must comply in order to be labelled as “European Green Bonds” or 
“EUGB”, including, in particular, the full allocation (before the maturity of any European Green Bond) of the proceeds 
of such bonds to economic activities aligned with the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Additionally, the European Green 
Bond Regulation establishes specific transparency requirements with which issuers must comply before and after an 
issuance of bonds labelled as “European Green Bonds” or “EUGB”.  
Although the aforementioned technical screening criteria are generally prescriptive in nature, their application will 
involve the exercise of judgment and, in certain instances, give broad discretion on the methodologies and assessments 
that should be undertaken. Accordingly, different parties (including third-party data providers and other financial 
market participants) may interpret and apply these technical screening criteria differently, use internal methodologies 
(where permitted) and/or arrive at different conclusions regarding the extent of alignment of any Eligible Green 
Projects and any Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue with the EU Taxonomy or 
European Green Bond Regulation. 
Further, JPMorganChase does not currently intend for any Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability 
Bond Issue to qualify as “EUGB” under the European Green Bond Regulation. It is not clear if the establishment of 
the “EUGB” label could have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, environmentally sustainable or 
sustainability linked bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the European Green Bond Regulation, such 
as any Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue issued under this Program. This could result 
in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bond Issue, Social Bond 
Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue that does not comply with the EU Green Bond Regulation. 
The return on, value of and market for the Notes to be issued as a Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability 
Bond Issue may be negatively affected if any concerns should arise among investors or the market in general about 
the suitability of the Notes as “green,” “social,” or “sustainable” bonds or if, more broadly, investor demand for 
“green,” “social,” or “sustainable” bonds diminishes due to evolving investor preferences, increased regulatory or 
market scrutiny of investments linked to environmental, social or sustainability objectives, or for other reasons. 
There is no assurance or representation given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by JPMorgan Chase) that may be made available 
in connection with any Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue, in particular as it regards 
the ability of an Eligible Green Project or Eligible Social Project to fulfill any environmental, social, sustainability or 
other criteria. No such opinion or certification is, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant 
Issuer, any Dealer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes to be issued as a Green Bond Issue, Social Bond 
Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue. Investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
certification, the information contained therein and the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes.  To JPMorganChase’s knowledge, as at the date of this Prospectus, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. However, 
in April 2024 the European Parliament adopted a proposed regulation on the transparency and integrity of 
Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) rating activities, which is expected to apply to ESG ratings issued 
by ESG rating providers operating in the EU and will impose a number of obligations and requirements. The aims 
of the proposal are to strengthen the reliability and comparability of ESG ratings by introducing a common regulatory 
approach, improving the transparency and integrity of the operations of ESG ratings providers and preventing 
potential conflicts of interests. As at the date of this Prospectus, the European Council has yet to formally adopt this 
proposed regulation. 
Any third-party provider of an opinion or certification, to the extent engaged by JPMorganChase or one of its 
affiliates, will receive compensation from JPMorganChase or its affiliates in connection with the issuance of any 
such opinion or certification, which could give rise to a conflict of interest for such provider. For the avoidance of 
doubt, no such opinion or certification is, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated into this Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement relating to a Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue. 
In the event any Notes issued as a Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue are listed or 
admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment 
of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no assurance or representation is given by 
JPMorganChase, any Dealer or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, 
the expectations of investors concerning environmental, social or sustainability benefits, expectations for sustainable 
finance products or any criteria or guidelines with which an investor may be required to comply. Furthermore, it 
should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or 
securities market to another. No assurance or representation is given by JPMorganChase, any Dealer or any other 
person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Notes issued as a Green Bond 
Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be maintained during the life of the relevant Notes.  
JPMorganChase is under no contractual obligation to allocate the net proceeds from the issuance of any Notes issued 
as a Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue to Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social 
Projects in any manner. No assurance can be provided that such net proceeds will be allocated to fund transactions 
with those specific characteristics during the term of such Notes. JPMorganChase has significant discretion in 
allocating the net proceeds from any Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue, including 
reallocating the net proceeds in the event that it determines in its sole discretion that any project receiving an allocation 
no longer meets JPMorganChase’s criteria for Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable. 
Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects may be included in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio (as defined 
herein) for up to 24 months from the date of JPMorganChase’s financing, investment or disbursement of funds for 
such projects. Accordingly, any or all of the net proceeds from the issuance of any Notes issued as a Green Bond 
Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue may be allocated to existing Eligible Green Projects or existing 
Eligible Social Projects and not to any new or future Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable. 
JPMorganChase has considerable flexibility in allocating the net proceeds from the issuance of any Notes issued as 
a Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue, including reallocating the net proceeds if it 
determines in its sole discretion that any project receiving an allocation no longer meets JPMorgan Chase's criteria 
for Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects. In addition, there can be no assurance that the net proceeds of 
the issuance of any Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue will be capable of being 
allocated in accordance with any timing schedule, and accordingly there can be no assurance that such net proceeds 
will be totally or partially disbursed for any Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable. Pending 
allocation, the net proceeds of the issuance any Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue 
may be invested temporarily in cash, cash equivalents and/or other high quality liquid assets. There also cannot be any

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
assurance that any Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects will be completed within any specified time 
period or at all, or that such Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects will achieve the results or outcome, 
environmental, social or otherwise, originally expected or anticipated by JPMorganChase or as contemplated by the 
information set forth under the heading “Use of Proceeds”.  While JPMorganChase will not knowingly allocate net 
proceeds from any Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue to certain activities as described 
under “Use of Proceeds”, JPMorganChase has absolute discretion in determining whether or not any particular 
potential Eligible Green Project or Eligible Social Project includes any such activities, and there may be circumstances 
in which it is unknown, unclear or ambiguous as to whether any such activities are taking place or are present in the 
relevant project. 
Any failure to apply the net proceeds of the issuance of any Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability 
Bond Issue to any Eligible Green Projects or any Social Green Projects, as applicable, any failure of Eligible Green 
Projects or Eligible Social Projects to achieve the results or outcome originally expected or anticipated by 
JPMorganChase or investors, any termination of any listing or admission to trading of any Notes issued as a Green 
Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market, the withdrawal of any opinion or 
certification of a third party or any attestation regarding JPMorganChase’s compliance in whole or in part with any 
matters subject to such opinion, certification or attestation, or any change in demand for “green”, “social”, or 
“sustainability” themed investment products may have a material adverse effect on the return on, value of and market 
for Notes issued as a Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue, as applicable, and may result 
in adverse consequences for certain investors, especially those with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose. Furthermore, none of such events, nor any failure to comply by JPMorganChase with 
its commitment to certain reporting obligations as described under “Use of Proceeds” will constitute a breach of 
covenant or an event of default under any Notes issued as a Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability 
Bond Issue or under the Agency Agreement, nor give rise to any other claim by a holder of the Notes against 
JPMorganChase. 
Risks Related to the Notes Generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a holding company and depends on the cash flows of its subsidiaries to make payments 
on its outstanding securities. 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a holding company that holds the stock of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and an intermediate 
holding company, JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC (the “IHC”). The IHC in turn holds the stock of substantially all 
of JPMorganChase’s subsidiaries other than JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its subsidiaries. The IHC also owns 
other assets and intercompany indebtedness owing to JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. is obligated to contribute to the IHC substantially all the net proceeds received from securities 
issuances (including issuances of senior and subordinated debt securities and of preferred and common stock). The 
ability of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the IHC to make payments to JPMorgan Chase & Co. is also limited. 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is subject to restrictions on its dividend distributions, as well as capital adequacy and 
liquidity requirements and other regulatory restrictions on its ability to make payments to JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 
The IHC is prohibited from paying dividends or extending credit to JPMorgan Chase & Co. if certain capital or 
liquidity “thresholds” are breached or if limits are otherwise imposed by JPMorganChase’s management or Board of 
Directors.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
As a result of these arrangements, the ability of JPMorgan Chase & Co. to make various payments is dependent on its 
receiving dividends from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and dividends and extensions of credit from the IHC. These 
limitations could affect JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s ability to: 
 
pay interest on its debt securities 
 
pay dividends on its equity securities 
 
redeem or repurchase outstanding securities, and 
 
fulfill its other payment obligations. 
These regulatory restrictions and limitations could also result in JPMorgan Chase & Co. seeking protection under 
bankruptcy laws at a time earlier than would have been the case absent the existence of the capital and liquidity 
thresholds to which the IHC is subject. 
Insolvency and Resolution Considerations 
The Notes of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the “Parent Company”) offered by use of this Prospectus are intended to 
constitute “loss-absorbing capacity” within the meaning of the rules issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”). Federal Reserve rules require that the Parent Company maintain minimum 
levels of unsecured external long-term debt and other loss-absorbing capacity satisfying certain eligibility criteria for 
purposes of recapitalizing JPMorganChase’s operating subsidiaries if the Parent Company were to enter into a 
resolution either: 
 
in a bankruptcy proceeding under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, or 
 
in a receivership administered by the FDIC under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act (“Title II”). 
If the Parent Company were to enter into a resolution, holders of the debt securities of the Parent Company offered by 
use of this Prospectus and other debt and equity securities of the Parent Company will absorb the losses of the Parent 
Company and its subsidiaries. 
Under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Act and applicable rules of the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, the Parent Company 
is required to submit periodically to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC a detailed plan (the “resolution plan”) for the 
rapid and orderly resolution of the Parent Company and its material subsidiaries under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and 
other applicable insolvency laws in the event of material financial distress or failure. The preferred “single-point-of-
entry” strategy under the Parent Company’s resolution plan contemplates that only the Parent Company would enter 
bankruptcy proceedings under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The Parent Company’s subsidiaries would 
be recapitalized, as needed, so that they could continue normal operations or subsequently be divested or wound down 
in an orderly manner. As a result, the Parent Company’s losses and any losses incurred by its subsidiaries would be 
imposed first on holders of the Parent Company’s equity securities and thereafter on its unsecured creditors, including 
holders of the debt securities of the Parent Company offered by use of this Prospectus and other debt securities. Claims 
of holders of those securities would have a junior position to the claims of creditors of the Parent Company’s 
subsidiaries and to the claims of priority (as determined by statute) and secured creditors of the Parent Company. 
Accordingly, in a resolution of the Parent Company under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, holders of the 
debt securities of the Parent Company offered by use of this Prospectus and other debt securities of the Parent 
Company would realize value only to the extent available to the Parent Company as a shareholder of JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. and its other subsidiaries, and only after any claims of priority and secured creditors of the Parent Company 
have been fully repaid. 
The FDIC has similarly indicated that a single-point-of-entry recapitalization model would be its expected strategy to

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
resolve a systemically important financial institution, such as the Parent Company, under Title II. However, the FDIC 
has not formally adopted or committed to any specific resolution strategy. 
If the Parent Company were to approach, or enter into, a resolution, none of the Parent Company, the Federal Reserve 
or the FDIC is obligated to follow the Parent Company’s preferred resolution strategy, and losses to holders of the 
debt securities offered by use of this Prospectus and other debt and equity securities of the Parent Company, under 
whatever strategy is ultimately followed, could be greater than they might have been under the Parent Company’s 
preferred strategy. 
Events of Default Applicable to the Senior Notes 
As specified in Condition 9, the occurrence and continuation of any one of the following events will be an Event of 
Default with respect to each Series of the Senior Notes: 
(1) 
default in the payment of principal of such Senior Notes and continuance of such default for 30 days; 
(2) 
default in the payment of interest or any Additional Amounts on such Senior Notes and continuance of such 
default for 30 days; and  
(3) 
specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of the relevant Issuer of such Senior Notes. 
Senior debt securities issued by the Issuers prior to December 31, 2016, including senior notes issued under the 
Program (the “Pre-2017 Senior Debt”), contain events of default that are different from those set forth above.  In 
particular: 
(1) 
The events of default applicable to the Pre-2017 Senior Debt do not provide for a 30-day cure period with 
respect to any failure by the relevant Issuer to pay the principal of such senior debt securities;  
(2) 
Most series of Pre-2017 Senior Debt contain an additional event of default that is applicable if the relevant 
Issuer fails to perform any of the covenants contained in the terms and conditions of, or the governing 
instrument for, such Pre-2017 Senior Debt and that failure continues for 90 days; and 
(3) 
The events of default applicable to certain series of Pre-2017 Senior Debt provide that specified events of 
bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. would constitute an event of default 
with respect to such senior debt securities. 
Accordingly, if an Issuer fails to pay the principal of any series of Pre-2017 Senior Debt when due, the holders of such 
senior debt securities would be entitled to declare their securities due and payable immediately, whereas holders of a 
Series of the Senior Notes issued after December 31, 2016 would not be entitled to accelerate such Senior Notes until 
30 days after the Issuer’s failure to pay the principal of such Senior Notes.  In addition, holders of the Senior Notes 
issued after December 31, 2016 will not have the benefit of the additional events of default described above that are 
applicable to the Pre-2017 Senior Debt. 
Modification and Waivers 
The Agency Agreement (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) contains provisions for calling meetings 
of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to 
bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority at the relevant meeting.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
Certain modifications and amendments to the Conditions of the Notes may be made without the consent of 
Noteholders, including those which the relevant Issuer and the Agent may deem necessary or desirable and which will 
not materially adversely affect the interest of the Noteholders.  Certain modifications and amendments to the Agency 
Agreement may be made without the consent of the holder of any Note so as to modify any provisions of the Agency 
Agreement which are of a formal, minor or technical nature or made to correct a manifest error or for the purpose of 
complying with any applicable laws or regulations. 
In addition, pursuant to the Condition 4(c) (Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and 4(e) (Rate of Interest on Reset 
Notes), certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes 
in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the 
Noteholders. 
Change of Law 
The Conditions of the Notes are based on laws of the State of New York, United States of America (“New York law”) 
in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change to New York law or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
Market Making and Resale of the Notes 
Affiliates of the relevant Issuer, including the Arranger, currently intend to make a market in the Notes. However, 
they are not obligated to make a market in the Notes, and any market making may be discontinued at any time at the 
sole discretion of such affiliates without notice. Under interpretations by the SEC staff, any resale within the United 
States by any such affiliate of the relevant Issuer of any Notes so acquired must be made pursuant to an effective 
registration statement filed with the SEC or pursuant to exemptions from, or in transactions not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Specifically, any Notes issued under the Program may not, for the life 
of such Notes, be offered or sold at any time within the United States. Notes may not be sold to U.S. investors pursuant 
to Rule 144 under the Securities Act. 
Risks Related to the Market Generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk and interest rate 
risk: 
The Secondary Market Generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, it 
may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them 
with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case 
for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies, or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. 
These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a material adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls 
As described in this Prospectus, Notes may be denominated or payable in one of a number of currencies. For investors 
whose financial activities are denominated principally in a currency (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency or where principal or interest on Notes is payable by reference to a Specified Currency index other

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
than an index relating to the Investor’s Currency, an investment in the Notes entails significant risks that are not 
associated with a similar investment in a security denominated in that Investor’s Currency. Such risks include, without 
limitation, the possibility of significant changes in the rate of exchange between the Specified Currency and the 
Investor’s Currency and the possibility of the imposition or modification of exchange controls by the country of the 
Specified Currency or the Investor’s Currency. Such risks generally depend on economic and political events over 
which the relevant Issuer has no control. In recent years, rates of exchange have been highly volatile and such volatility 
may be expected to continue in the future. Fluctuations in any particular exchange rate that have occurred in the past 
are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuations that may occur in the future. Depreciation of the Specified 
Currency against the Investor’s Currency would result in a decrease in the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on a 
Note denominated in that Specified Currency, in the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable at 
maturity of such Note and generally in the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of such Note. An appreciation 
of the Specified Currency against the Investor’s Currency would have the opposite effect. In addition, depending on 
the specific terms of a Note denominated in, or the payment of which is related to the value of, a foreign currency, 
changes in exchange rates relating to any of the currencies involved may result in a decrease of such Note’s effective 
yield and, in certain circumstances, could result in a loss of all or a substantial portion of the principal of a Note to the 
investor. 
Governments have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose or modify, exchange controls which 
could affect exchange rates as well as the availability of a specified foreign currency at the time of payment of principal 
of, premium, if any, or interest on a Note. Even if there are no actual exchange controls, it is possible that the Specified 
Currency for any particular Note may not be available when payments on such Note are due. 
Interest Rate Risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect 
the value of Fixed Rate Notes. 
As the Global Notes Are Held by or on Behalf of the Applicable Clearing Systems, Investors Will Have to Rely on the 
Procedures of Those Clearing Systems for Transfer, Payment and Communication with the Relevant Issuer 
Notes will be represented by the Global Notes and, except in certain limited circumstances described under “The 
Global Notes,” investors will not be entitled to receive Definitive Notes. The Global Notes will be deposited with, and 
registered in the name of, a Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper, as applicable, on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or deposited with, and registered in the name of a nominee of, an alternative Clearing 
System, as the case may be. Those clearing systems will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes. While the Notes are represented by the Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests 
only through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Alternative Clearing System, as the case may be. 
The relevant Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the Common 
Depositary or the common service provider (as appointed by the ICSDs (as defined below)), as applicable, for 
distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of 
the applicable clearing systems to receive payments under the Notes. The relevant Issuer has no responsibility or 
liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes. Instead, 
such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or the Alternative Clearing System to appoint appropriate proxies.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with:  
 
(i) 
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 
“JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2023 Annual Report” – https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202402/2430945b-2388-4754-99ed-b9e4b95783bd.pdf filed with the SEC on February 16, 
2024, which contains the audited Consolidated Financial Statements of JPMorgan Chase & Co. as at December 
31, 2023 and 2022 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023 (together with the 
report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP thereon described in item 3 under “General Information”), 
 
(ii) 
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of JPMorgan Chase & Co. for the quarter ended March 31, 2024 (the 
“JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 2024 Form 10-Q” – https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202405/cbb0209e-9813-42ca-9f2f-9200326f0894.pdf filed with the SEC on May 1, 2024, 
which contains the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of JPMorgan Chase & Co. as at March 31, 
2024 and for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 (together with the report of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP thereon described in item 4 under “General Information”),  
 
(iii) 
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of JPMorgan Chase & Co. for the quarter ended June 30, 2024 (the 
“JPMorgan Chase & Co. June 2023 Form 10-Q” – https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202408/0615f440-488b-461a-9145-73710471e449.pdf filed with the SEC on August 2, 
2024, which contains the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of JPMorgan Chase & Co. as at June 
30, 2024 and for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 (together with the 
report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP thereon described in item 4 under “General Information”), 
 
(iv) 
the Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A of JPMorgan Chase & Co. dated April 8, 2024 (the “JPMorgan Chase & 
Co. 
2024 
Proxy 
Statement” 
– 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202404/09f4ab16-ab66-4507-8602-d30af795db4f.pdf filed with the SEC on April 8, 2024,   
 
(v) 
the audited Consolidated Financial Statements of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as at December 31, 2023 and 
2022 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023 (together with the report of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP thereon described in item 5 under “General Information”) (https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202402/762934fb-fbb2-4b3c-8305-6af05f6a3666.pdf), 
 
(vi) 
the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as at June 30, 2024 and for 
the six months ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 (together with the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers 
LLP thereon described in item 6 under “General Information”) (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202408/94d3606f-09d2-4f2c-8996-ea3e893a6c09.pdf), and 
 
(vii) for the purpose of any issues of Notes under this Prospectus which are to be consolidated and form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche or Series of Notes, the terms and conditions of the Notes as set out in the section 
entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” contained in the Base Prospectus dated October 5, 2023 (pages 
35-84) (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202310/da0b9199-7ae8-
4c39-9199-cd679aa90015.pdf), the Base Prospectus dated September 21, 2022 (pages 35-84) (https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202209/6a4e7532-ebd7-49fa-96e0-
ff8cf6c5d3d9.pdf), the Base Prospectus dated September 21, 2021 (pages 36 to 81) (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202109/febc25ee-5125-4be4-90d0-4e26eb2d863e.pdf), the 
Base Prospectus dated September 21, 2020 (pages 35 to 82) (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-
eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_6a5540be-b0d7-42fb-ac9f-85c789fcd922.pdf) and the 
Base Prospectus dated September 20, 2019 (pages 34 to 76) (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-
eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/ListingParticulars_3c77b9ee-6e3b-4d6c-8695-1e2fcebea8e3.PDF), 
prepared by the Issuers in connection with the Program and to the extent relevant to such issue of Notes under 
this Prospectus, 
 
each of which has been previously published and which has been filed with Euronext Dublin and the Central Bank of 
Ireland. Such documents shall be incorporated in and form part of this Prospectus, save that any statement contained

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
herein or in a document incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for purposes of this 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein or in any other subsequently filed document which also is 
incorporated by reference herein modifies or supersedes such statement. Any such statement modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. Any documents which are 
themselves incorporated by reference into the documents listed above shall not constitute a part of this 
Prospectus, on the basis that information in such documents is either not relevant for investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Prospectus.  
 
Each Issuer has respectively given an undertaking to the Dealer(s) that if at any time during the duration of the Program 
there is a significant new factor, mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information contained in this Prospectus 
which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes issued by it and the inclusion or removal of which is 
necessary for the purpose of allowing investors of the Notes to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses, and prospects of that Issuer and/or of the rights attaching to such Notes 
or there shall occur any material adverse change in the business or financial condition of, or other material adverse 
change affecting, JPMorgan Chase & Co. or the JPMorganChase Group (in respect of Notes issued by JPMorgan 
Chase & Co.) or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or the JPMorganChase Bank Group (in respect of Notes issued by 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.) which is not reflected in this Prospectus, or the terms of the Program are modified or 
amended in a manner which would make this Prospectus, as supplemented, inaccurate or misleading as it relates to 
such Issuer, such Issuer will prepare and deliver an amendment or supplement to this Prospectus or publish a new 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering by that Issuer of Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 
Additional information concerning the Issuers, including copies of the periodic reports that JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
files with the SEC, can be accessed on JPMorganChase’s investor relations website at http://jpmorganchaseco.gcs-
web.com/ir/sec-other-filings/overview.  
 
JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s filings with the SEC are also available to the public on the website maintained by the SEC 
at https://www.sec.gov/. Unless specifically incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s 
reports filed with or furnished to the SEC shall not be deemed to be part of this Prospectus. 
 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s annual and semi-annual consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance 
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”).  These financial statements can be 
accessed on JPMorganChase’s investor relations website at https://jpmorganchaseco.gcs-web.com/ir/sec-other-
filings/financial-statements. These financial statements can also be viewed on the websites of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/) and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com/). In addition, JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A. files Consolidated Reports of Condition and Income for A Bank With Domestic and Foreign Offices 
(“Call Reports”) with the U.S. Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (the “FFIEC”). The non-
confidential portions of the Call Reports, as the same may be amended from time to time, can be viewed on the 
FFIEC’s website at https://cdr.ffiec.gov/public/ManageFacsimiles.aspx. The Call Reports are prepared in accordance 
with regulatory instructions issued by the FFIEC and not U.S. GAAP. The Call Reports are supervisory and regulatory 
documents; they are not primarily accounting documents, do not conform with U.S. GAAP and do not provide a 
complete range of financial disclosure about JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Nevertheless, the Call Reports do provide 
important information concerning the financial condition of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Unless specifically 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, the Call Reports shall not be deemed to be part of this Prospectus. 
 
No websites that are cited or referred to in this Prospectus shall be deemed to form part of, or to be incorporated by 
reference into, this Prospectus.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) that, subject to completion and amendment 
and as supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the Final Terms (the “applicable Final 
Terms”) which complete these Conditions or, in the case of a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (an “Exempt Note”), the provisions of Part 
A of the Pricing Supplement (the “applicable Pricing Supplement”) and which may specify other terms and conditions 
which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the 
Conditions. In the case of an Exempt Note, any other references in these Conditions to “Final Terms” shall be deemed 
to be a reference to the relevant Pricing Supplement. The Conditions shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive 
form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these 
Conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these Conditions as so completed, 
amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall 
be attached to each Global Note or endorsed on each Certificate representing Notes in definitive form. All capitalized 
terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the applicable Final 
Terms. Those definitions will be attached to or endorsed on each Global Note, or Certificate representing Notes in 
definitive form, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not 
to all Notes that may be issued under the Program. 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (each an “Issuer” and together, the “Issuers”) have 
established a Euro Medium Term Note Program (the “Program”) for the issuance of up to U.S.$65,000,000,000 (or 
the equivalent in other currencies) (in respect of Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co.) and up to 
U.S.$25,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) (in respect of Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A.) in aggregate principal amount of notes (the “Notes”) at any time outstanding. The Notes are issued pursuant to 
an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated October 4, 2024 (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue 
Date, the “Agency Agreement”) among the Issuers, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as agent, paying 
agent, transfer agent, calculation agent and registrar, and the other agents named therein. The agent, the paying agents, 
the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the “Agent,” the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Agent), the “Registrar,” the 
“Transfer Agents” (which expression shall include the Registrar) and the “Calculation Agent(s).” Copies of the 
Agency Agreement are available for inspection electronically or physically during usual business hours at the principal 
office of the Agent (located at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA) and at the specified offices of the 
Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents. 
The Noteholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. 
In these Conditions, each clause or subclause enclosed by square brackets and marked with an asterisk (*) is applicable 
only where JPMorgan Chase & Co. is the Issuer, and each clause or subclause enclosed by square brackets and marked 
with a dagger (†) is applicable only where JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is the Issuer. 
Any references in these Conditions to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to “applicable 
Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in registered form in the Specified Currencies and Specified Denomination(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
any other currency) in the case of Notes admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area or 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation. All Notes of a Series shall have the same Specified Denomination.  
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a Reset Note, a combination of any of 
the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Notes are represented by registered certificates (the “Certificates”), and, save as provided in Condition 2(b), each 
Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or 
an interest in it, any writing on the Certificate representing it, or the theft or loss of the related Certificate, and no 
person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” and “holder” means the person in whose name a Note is registered and capitalized 
terms have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that 
such term is not applicable to the Notes; and “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended 
or superseded). 
2. 
Exchanges and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) Transfer of Notes: 
Except as otherwise provided in Condition 2(e), one or more Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the 
specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Notes to be transferred, 
together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate duly completed and executed and any other evidence 
as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of only part of a holding of Notes 
represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and 
a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. In the 
case of a transfer of Notes to a person who is already a holder of Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged 
holding shall be issued only against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(b) Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption: 
In the case of an exercise of the Issuer’s or Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of 
Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such 
option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting 
in Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of 
that holding that have the same terms. New Certificates shall be issued only against surrender of the existing 
Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. 
(c) Delivery of New Certificates: 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 2(a) or (b) shall be available for delivery within three business 
days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or Exercise Notice or surrender of the Certificate for

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the 
Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise 
Notice or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid 
and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be 
mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, 
unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent the costs of such other method of 
delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(c), “business day” means a day, other than a 
Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer 
Agent or the Registrar. 
(d) Exchange and Transfer Free of Charge: 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, exercise of an option or partial redemption 
shall be effected without a charge imposed by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon 
payment by the transferee of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving 
by the transferee of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(e) Closed Periods: 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Note to be registered (i) during the period of 15 days ending on (and 
including) the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes 
may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 5(d), (iii) after any such Note has been 
called for redemption or (iv) during the period of 7 days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
3. 
Status 
(a) General: 
The Notes are unsecured general obligations of the applicable Issuer and are not savings accounts, deposits or other 
obligations of such Issuer or any bank or non-bank subsidiary of such Issuer and are not insured by the U.S. Federal 
Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”), the Deposit Insurance Fund or any other governmental agency or 
instrumentality. Subordinated Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. are subordinated to claims of depositors 
and are ineligible as collateral for a loan by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The obligations of each Issuer under Notes 
issued by it are the obligations of that Issuer and are not guaranteed by the other Issuer or by any other person. 
(b) Status of the Senior Notes: 
If the Notes are specified to be Senior Notes (as defined in Condition 10(k)), the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes will constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu, 
and without any preference, with all other senior unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the [Issuer.]*[Issuer, 
except obligations, including domestic U.S. deposits, that are subject to any priorities or preferences by law. Under 
applicable U.S. law, claims of certain creditors of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., including holders of domestic U.S. 
deposits, would be entitled to priority over claims of unsecured general creditors of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 
including holders of the Senior Notes, in the event of a liquidation or other dissolution of JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A.]† The payment obligations of the Issuer under such Notes shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by 
applicable legislation, at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and 
monetary obligations of the Issuer, present and future.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
(c) Status of Subordinated Notes: 
(i) If the Notes are specified to be Subordinated Notes, the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes will be unsecured 
and will be subordinated in right of payment to all Senior Indebtedness (as defined in Condition 10(k)) of the 
Issuer, whether outstanding as of the relevant Issue Date or incurred thereafter. [In the event of any insolvency 
proceeding, receivership, conservatorship, reorganization, readjustment of debt, marshalling of assets and 
liabilities or similar proceedings or any liquidation or winding-up of, or relating to, the Issuer, whether voluntary 
or involuntary, all such Senior Indebtedness shall be entitled to be paid in full before any payment shall be made 
on account of the principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on, the Subordinated Notes. In the event of any such 
proceedings, after payment in full of all sums owing on such Senior Indebtedness, the holders of the Subordinated 
Notes, together with any obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu with the Subordinated Notes, shall be 
entitled to be paid from the remaining assets of the Issuer the unpaid principal thereof and any unpaid premium, 
if any, and interest before any payment or other distribution, whether in cash, property or otherwise, shall be 
made on account of any capital stock or any obligations of the Issuer ranking junior to the Subordinated Notes.]† 
(ii) No payment pursuant to the Subordinated Notes may be made and no holder of the Subordinated Notes shall be 
entitled to demand or receive any such payment (A) unless all amounts of principal, premium, if any, and interest 
then due on all Senior Indebtedness of the Issuer shall have been paid in full or duly provided for or (B) if, at the 
time of such payment or immediately after giving effect thereto, there shall exist with respect to any given Senior 
Indebtedness of the Issuer any event of default permitting the holders thereof to accelerate the maturity thereof 
or any event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, will become such an event of default. 
(iii) There is no limitation on the amount of Senior Indebtedness of the Issuer or indebtedness of the Issuer that ranks 
pari passu with, or otherwise senior to, the Subordinated Notes that the Issuer may subsequently incur. 
(iv) Limited Right of Acceleration: 
 
[Payment of principal of the Subordinated Notes may be accelerated only in the case of the bankruptcy, 
reorganization or insolvency of the Issuer. There is no right of acceleration in the case of a default in the payment 
of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, the Subordinated Notes or the performance of any other covenant 
of the Issuer contained in these Conditions. In the event of a default in the payment of principal of, premium, if 
any, or interest on, the Subordinated Notes or the performance of any other covenant in these Conditions, 
Noteholders may, subject to certain limitations and conditions, seek to enforce payment of such principal, 
premium or interest or the performance of such covenant.]* 
 
[Payment of principal of the Subordinated Notes may be accelerated only in the case of the insolvency or 
reorganization of the Issuer or the appointment of a conservator, receiver or liquidator of the Issuer or 
substantially all of its property. There is no right of acceleration in the case of a default in the payment of principal 
of, premium, if any, or interest on, the Subordinated Notes or a default in the performance of any other covenant 
of the Issuer contained in these Conditions. In the event of a default in the payment of principal of, premium, if 
any, or interest on the Subordinated Notes or the performance of any other covenant in these Conditions, 
Noteholders may, subject to certain limitations and conditions, seek to enforce payment of such principal, 
premium, or interest or the performance of such covenant.]† 
(v) In addition, holders of the Subordinated Notes may be fully subordinated to interests held by the U.S. government 
in the event that the Issuer enters into a receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding. 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Subordination” for additional terms of the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
4.   Interest and Other Calculations 
(a) Rate of Interest and Accrual: 
Each Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the interest rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). The amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 4(g). 
(b) Business Day Convention: 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business 
Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (i) the Floating Rate Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month 
in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (ii) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day or (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
If any date on which any payment is due is brought forward or postponed as described in the immediately preceding 
paragraph, the relevant payment shall be made on that day, as brought forward or postponed, with the same effect as 
if paid on the original due date. Accordingly, the amount accrued and payable on that date will not be adjusted to 
reflect the longer or shorter Interest Accrual Period (i.e., no additional interest will accrue in the case of a date that 
has been postponed, and no less interest will accrue in the case of a date that has been brought forward). 
(c) Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
Screen Rate Determination –if the Reference Rate is not Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SONIA, 
CORRA Compounded Index, Daily Compounded CORRA, SONIA Compounded Index, Weighted Average €STR or 
Weighted Average SONIA 
 (i) If in the applicable Final Terms the Interest Basis is specified as being Floating Rate and the Reference Rate is 
not Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SONIA, CORRA Compounded Index, Daily Compounded 
CORRA, SONIA Compounded Index, Weighted Average €STR or Weighted Average SONIA, then the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
 
(x) the offered quotation; or  
 
(y) the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,  
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or,

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(ii) If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, if sub-paragraph (i)(x) above applies and no such offered quotation 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph (i)(y) above applies and fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the Relevant Time, subject as provided below, 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) If paragraph (ii) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are 
providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by 
the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, or if the Reference Rate is not EURIBOR, the inter-bank market in the Relevant 
Financial Center (as defined below), as the case may be. 
(iv) If paragraph (iii) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent and the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to 
leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or if the Reference Rate 
is not EURIBOR, the inter-bank market in the Relevant Financial Center, as the case may be. 
Screen Rate Determination – if the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SONIA, CORRA 
Compounded Index, Daily Compounded CORRA, SONIA Compounded Index, Weighted Average €STR or Weighted 
Average SONIA 
If in the applicable Final Terms the Interest Basis is specified as being Floating Rate and the Reference Rate is 
specified as being “Compounded Daily €STR”, “Compounded Daily SONIA”, “CORRA Compounded Index”, “Daily 
Compounded CORRA”, “SONIA Compounded Index”, “Weighted Average €STR” or “Weighted Average SONIA”, 
then the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily 
SONIA, CORRA Compounded Index, Daily Compounded CORRA, SONIA Compounded Index, Weighted Average 
€STR or Weighted Average SONIA, as applicable, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
applicable Margin in accordance with Condition 4(f). 
Alternative Fallback 
Notwithstanding the above and the other provisions of this Condition 4(c), if Alternative Fallback is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and the Issuer or its Designee determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in relation to the Reference Rate when any required Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains 
to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply:

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
(i) 
the Issuer or its Designee shall determine, no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period (the “Determination Cut-off 
Date”), a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate for the purposes of determining 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer or its Designee determines that: 
a. 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 4(c)); or 
b. there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Reference Rate, then such Alternative 
Reference Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the 
original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 4(c)); 
(iii) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference 
Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable); 
(iv) 
if the Issuer or its Designee determines that an Adjustment Spread should be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall 
be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate. If the Issuer is unable to determine, 
prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period, the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
if the Issuer or its Designee determines a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and, in each case, any Adjustment Spread in accordance with the above provisions, the Issuer may also 
specify changes to these Conditions, including but not limited to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant 
Screen Page, Interest Determination Date, Relevant Time and/or the definition of Reference Rate 
applicable to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate, the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or the Adjustment Spread. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Principal Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential 
amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect 
to this Condition 4(c). No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the 
Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread or such other changes, 
including for the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the 
parties to the Agency Agreement (if required); and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate 
or Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to this Condition 4(c) (Alternative 
Fallback) to the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders (in accordance with 
Condition 15).

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
All determinations by the Issuer or its Designee under the foregoing provisions will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error and if made by the Issuer will be made in its sole discretion. 
Alternative CAD Fallback 
Notwithstanding the above and the other provisions of this Condition 4(c): 
(i) 
if (a) in the applicable Final Terms the Reference Rate is specified as being “CORRA Compounded Index” and 
(b) Alternative CAD Fallback is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and either: 
(A) 
the Issuer or its Designee determines in respect of any Interest Accrual Period that the CORRA 
Compounded Indexstart or the CORRA Compounded Indexend has not been published or displayed by the 
administrator of the CORRA Compounded Index or any authorized distributor of the CORRA 
Compounded Index by 11:30 a.m. (Toronto time) (or the amended publication time, if any, as specified 
in such administrator’s methodology for calculating the CORRA Compounded Index) on the Interest 
Determination Date for such Interest Accrual Period but a CORRA Compounded Index Cessation 
Effective Date has not occurred; or 
(B) 
a CORRA Compounded Index Cessation Effective Date has occurred; 
then the Rate of Interest for the Interest Accrual Period for which the CORRA Compounded Index is not 
available shall be Daily Compounded CORRA (as defined in Condition 4(k)) determined as if the Reference 
Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as “Daily Compounded CORRA”. 
(ii) if (a) in the applicable Final Terms the Reference Rate is specified (or deemed to be specified in accordance with 
clause (i) above) as being “Daily Compounded CORRA”, (b) Alternative CAD Fallback is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (c) the Issuer or its Designee determines in respect of any Interest 
Accrual Period that a CORRA Cessation Event and its related CORRA Cessation Effective Date have occurred, 
then the following provisions shall apply for all purposes relating to the relevant Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates: 
(A) 
the Rate of Interest for an Interest Determination Date which relates to a relevant Interest Accrual Period 
that occurs on or after the CORRA Cessation Effective Date will be the Applicable CAD Fallback Rate; 
(B) 
the Issuer or its Designee shall apply a spread and make such adjustments to the Applicable CAD 
Fallback Rate as are necessary to account for any difference in term structure or tenor of the Applicable 
CAD Fallback Rate by comparison to the CORRA reference rate, if any; 
 
(C) 
in connection with the implementation of the Applicable CAD Fallback Rate, the Issuer or its Designee 
may make such adjustments to the Applicable CAD Fallback Rate or the spread thereon, if any, as well 
as the business day and calendar day count conventions and related provisions and definitions, including 
the definitions of Interest Determination Date, Interest Accrual Period, Interest Payment Date and 
Observation Period, in each case that are consistent with accepted market practice for the use of the 
Applicable CAD Fallback Rate for debt obligations such as the relevant Notes in such circumstances; 
and 
 
(D) 
any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its Designee in relation to the 
Applicable CAD Fallback Rate, including any determination with respect to an adjustment or the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii) if made 
by the Issuer, will be made in its sole discretion; (iii) if made by a Designee of the Issuer, will be made

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
after consultation with the Issuer, and such Designee will not make any such determination, decision or 
election to which the Issuer objects; and (iv) shall become effective without consent from the holders of 
the relevant Notes or any other party. 
 
where:  
“Applicable CAD Fallback Rate” means, in respect of any determination by the Issuer or its Designee that a CORRA 
Cessation Event and its related CORRA Cessation Effective Date have occurred: 
(A) if there is a CAD Recommended Rate before the end of the first Toronto Banking Day following the CORRA 
Cessation Effective Date, then, in respect of any day for which the Applicable CAD Fallback Rate is required, 
references to the Applicable CAD Fallback Rate will be deemed to be references to the CAD Recommended 
Rate, provided that if neither the administrator nor authorized distributors of the CAD Recommended Rate 
provide or publish the CAD Recommended Rate and a CAD Recommended Rate Cessation Effective Date 
has not occurred, then, in respect of any day for which the CAD Recommended Rate is required, references 
to the CAD Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published CAD 
Recommended Rate; and 
 
(B) if there is no CAD Recommended Rate before the end of the first Toronto Banking Day following the 
CORRA Cessation Effective Date, or if there is a CAD Recommended Rate and the Issuer or its Designee 
determines that a CAD Recommended Rate Cessation Effective Date has occurred, then, in respect of any 
day for which the Applicable CAD Fallback Rate is required occurring on or after the CORRA Cessation 
Effective Date or the CAD Recommended Rate Cessation Effective Date (as applicable), references to the 
Applicable CAD Fallback Rate will be deemed to be references to the BOC Target Rate, provided that if 
neither the Bank of Canada nor authorized distributors of the BOC Target Rate provide or publish the BOC 
Target Rate, then, in respect of any day for which the BOC Target Rate is required, references to the BOC 
Target Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published BOC Target Rate. 
“BOC Target Rate” means the Bank of Canada’s Target for the overnight rate as set by the Bank of Canada and 
published on the Bank of Canada’s website from time to time.  
“CAD Recommended Rate” means the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended as the replacement 
for the CORRA reference rate by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Canada for the purpose 
of recommending a replacement for the CORRA reference rate (which rate may be produced by the Bank of Canada 
or another administrator) and as provided by the administrator of that rate or, if that rate is not provided by the 
administrator thereof (or a successor administrator), published by an authorized distributor. 
“CAD Recommended Rate Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of the CAD Recommended Rate and a CAD 
Recommended Rate Cessation Event, the first date on which the CAD Recommended Rate would ordinarily have 
been provided and is no longer provided. 
“CAD Recommended Rate Cessation Event” means, in respect of the CAD Recommended Rate: 
(A) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator or provider of the CAD 
Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the CAD Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator or provider that will continue to provide the CAD Recommended Rate; or 
(B) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator or provider 
of the CAD Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the CAD Recommended Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator or provider of the CAD Recommended Rate, a

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator or provider of the CAD Recommended Rate or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator or provider of the 
CAD Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator or provider of the CAD Recommended Rate 
has ceased or will cease to provide the CAD Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator or provider that will continue 
to provide the CAD Recommended Rate. 
“CORRA Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of one or more CORRA Cessation Events, the first date on 
which the CORRA reference rate is no longer provided. If the CORRA reference rate ceases to be provided on the 
same day that it is required to determine the rate for an Interest Accrual Period but it was provided on the Interest 
Determination Date for such Interest Accrual Period, then the CORRA Cessation Effective Date will be the next day 
on which the CORRA reference rate would ordinarily have been published.  
“CORRA Cessation Event” means: 
(A)  a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the CORRA Administrator or provider of 
CORRA announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the CORRA reference rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator or 
provider that will continue to provide the CORRA reference rate; or 
(B)  a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the CORRA Administrator 
or provider of CORRA (if applicable), the Bank of Canada, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
CORRA Administrator or provider of CORRA, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the CORRA 
Administrator or provider of CORRA or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the CORRA Administrator or provider of CORRA, which states that the CORRA Administrator or 
provider of CORRA has ceased or will cease to provide the CORRA reference rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator or 
provider that will continue to provide the CORRA reference rate. 
“CORRA Compounded Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of one or more CORRA Compounded 
Index Cessation Events, the first date on which the CORRA Compounded Index is no longer provided. If the CORRA 
Compounded Index ceases to be provided on the Relevant Original Fixing Date but it was provided at the time at 
which it is to be observed pursuant to the terms of the relevant Notes, then the CORRA Compounded Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be the next day on which the rate would ordinarily have been published; 
 “CORRA Compounded Index Cessation Event” means: 
(A) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator or provider of the 
CORRA Compounded Index announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the CORRA Compounded 
Index permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator or provider that will continue to provide the CORRA Compounded Index; or 
(B) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator or provider 
of the CORRA Compounded Index (if applicable), the Bank of Canada, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator or provider for CORRA, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator or provider for the CORRA Compounded Index or a court or an entity with similar insolvency 
or resolution authority over the administrator or provider for the CORRA Compounded Index, which states 
that the administrator or provider of the CORRA Compounded Index has ceased or will cease to provide the 
CORRA Compounded Index permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator or provider that will continue to provide the CORRA 
Compounded Index.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
“Relevant Original Fixing Date” means, unless otherwise agreed, the day on which the CORRA Compounded Index 
would have been observed. 
Inability to Determine Rate of Interest 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined with respect to a Series of Notes in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 4(c), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
Effect on Early Redemption 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable as a result of an event of default under Condition 9, or is 
otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date in accordance with Condition 5, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable or are to be redeemed, as applicable, 
and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on 
such date. 
(d) Rate of Interest on Zero Coupon Notes: 
Where a Note, the Interest Basis of which is specified to be zero coupon, is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and 
is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount 
of such Note as determined in accordance with Condition 5(b). As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortization 
Yield. 
(e) Rate of Interest on Reset Notes: 
If the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes will bear 
interest: 
(i) from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the applicable Final Terms until (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the first Subsequent Reset Date or, if a Subsequent 
Reset Date is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the 
First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
The Rate of Interest applicable for each Reset Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined on each Reset Determination Date. The 
Interest Amount payable on the Notes shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions for calculating Condition 
4(a) (Rate of Interest and Accrual) and 4(f) (Margins, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding). 
If the Reset Reference Rate is the Mid-Swap Rate and on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is 
not available or the rate for swaps in the Specified Currency does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page and the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the Reset Reference Bond Rate or the U.S. Treasury Rate is applicable as the 
fallback to the Mid-Swap Rate, the Reset Reference Rate shall be the Reset Reference Bond Rate or the U.S. Treasury 
Rate, as the case may be, calculated by the Issuer in accordance with these Conditions. Alternatively, if the Reset 
Reference Rate is the Mid-Swap Rate and on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available 
or the rate for swaps in the Specified Currency does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page and (i) the Reset Reference 
Bond Rate or the U.S. Treasury Rate has not been specified as the fallback to the Mid-Swap Rate, or (ii) if the Reset 
Reference Bond Rate or the U.S. Treasury Rate has been specified as the fallback to the Mid-Swap Rate and only one 
or no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received for the purpose of calculating the Reset Reference 
Bond Price applicable to the Reset Reference Bond, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the Reset 
Determination Time. 
If two or more of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period 
shall be the sum of (a) the arithmetic mean of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and (b) the First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin (as applicable and determined in accordance with Condition 4(f)), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If only one of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the Reset Period shall be 
the sum of such Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as 
determined by the Issuer. If on any Reset Determination Date none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 
4(e), or if the Calculation Agent does not at any time for any reason determine the Rate of Interest, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest 
as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
Reset Notes and Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 4(e) (Rate of Interest on Reset Notes), if a Benchmark Event 
has occurred in relation to the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (if applicable) when any required Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to the Mid-Swap Rate and the 
applicable Final Terms do not provide for any Reset Reference Bond Rate or the U.S. Treasury Rate as the fallback 
Reset Reference Rate to the Mid-Swap Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall determine, no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant Reset Determination 
Date relating to the next succeeding Reset Period (the “Reset Determination Cut-off Date”), a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes;

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
(ii) 
if the Issuer or its Designee determines that: 
a. 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the original Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate to determine 
the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 4(e)); or 
b. there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Reference Rate, then such Alternative 
Reference Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the 
original Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or 
the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 4(e)); 
(iii) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference 
Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determine of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component 
part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); 
(iv) 
if the Issuer or its Designee determines that an Adjustment Spread should be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall 
be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate. If the Issuer is unable to determine, 
prior to the Reset Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Reset Period, the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
if the Issuer or its Designee determines a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and, in each case, any Adjustment Spread in accordance with the above provisions, the Issuer may also 
specify changes to these Conditions, including but not limited to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant 
Screen Page, Reset Determination Date, Reset Determination Time and/or the definition of Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method of determining the fallback rate 
in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate, the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or the Adjustment Spread. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Principal Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential 
amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect 
to this Condition 4(e) (Rate of Interest on Reset Notes). No consent of the Noteholders shall be required 
in connection with effecting the Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment 
Spread or such other changes, including for the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps 
by the Issuer or any of the parties to the Agency Agreement (if required); and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate 
or Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to this Condition 4(e) (Rate of 
Interest on Reset Notes)(v) to the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders (in 
accordance with Condition 15). 
(f)     Margins, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) If any Margin (including First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable)) is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be 
made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods,

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may 
be. 
(iii) For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages resulting from 
such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up). For these purposes “unit” means, with respect to any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, with respect to euro, means 0.01 euro. 
(g) Calculations: 
(i)  The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual Period 
shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for 
its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or 
be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual 
Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts 
payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is 
required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period 
for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(ii)  Absent manifest error, any determination by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent of the Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Accrual Period for the Notes will be binding and conclusive on all parties. Any determination by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent of any Rate of Interest, and any calculation by the Calculation Agent of interest 
for any Interest Accrual Period, will be maintained on file at the Issuer’s principal offices and will be made 
available to any Noteholder upon request. 
(h) Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other time on such 
date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quote or make any 
determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain 
such quote or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified 
to the Issuer, the Agent, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect 
of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination, 
but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the 
case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and an Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(b), the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended without 
notice. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable 
in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition, 
but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of 
each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount and Optional 
Redemption Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i)   Linear Interpolation: 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Paying Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the relevant period 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the relevant period were the period of time for which rates are available 
next longer than the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period 
of time next shorter or (as the case may be) next longer, then the Paying Agent shall determine such rate at such time 
and by reference to such sources as the Issuer shall determine as appropriate for such purposes. 
(j) Calculation Agent: 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them 
in the applicable Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where 
more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation 
Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such, or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of 
Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall 
appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap 
or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be 
made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in 
such market) to act as such in its place. The Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer may assume the duties of the Calculation 
Agent in respect of the Notes. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed. 
(k) Definitions: 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set 
out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero) or a formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the original 
Reference Rate or original Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer or its Designee determines is customarily applied to such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the original Reference Rate or original Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if the Issuer or its Designee determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology customarily applied, 
the Issuer in its discretion determines is recognized or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-
the-counter derivative transactions which reference the original Reference Rate or original Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable), where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the Issuer or its Designee determines has replaced the Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate customarily applied in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated in the Specified Currency and of a 
comparable duration to the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period (as applicable), or, if the Issuer or its 
Designee determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer or its Designee determines in its discretion 
is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable). 
“Applicable Period” means: 
(i) 
where “Lag”, “Lock-out” or “Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Interest Accrual Period; and 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Observation Period. 
“BBSW” means the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate. 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the original Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) ceasing to be 
published for at least five consecutive Business Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; 
(ii) 
the later of (x) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the original Reference Rate or Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) that it has ceased or will, on or before a specified date, 
cease publishing the original Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of such rate) and (y) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in 
(ii)(x) immediately above; or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the original Reference Rate or 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) that such rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (x) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the original 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) that such rate will, on or before

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (y) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (iv)(x) immediately above; or 
(v) 
the later of (x) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the original 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) that such rate will be prohibited 
from being used, either generally or in respect of the Notes, or that such use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date, and (y) the date falling six months prior to 
the specified date referred to in (v)(x) immediately above; or 
(vi) 
an official announcement by the regulatory supervisor of the administrator of the original Reference Rate or 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) that such rate is no longer representative or will no 
longer be representative of its underlying market; or 
(vii) 
it has become, or will become prior to the next Interest Determination Date, unlawful for any Paying Agent, 
the Issuer or any other party specified in the Final Terms as being responsible for such calculations to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the original Reference Rate or Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable). 
“Business Day” or “BD” means:  
(i) in the case of a Specified Currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial center for that currency; and/or 
(ii) in the case where euro is the Specified Currency, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the T2 (as 
defined below) is operating (a “T2 Business Day”); and/or 
(iii) in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more Business Centers, a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in that currency in the 
Business Center(s) or, if no currency is specified, generally in each of the Business Centers so specified. 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in euro (with the €STR 
reference rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on 
the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + €STR𝑖−𝑝BD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Applicable Period; 
“d0” is the number of Business Days in the relevant Applicable Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first Business Day in the relevant Applicable Period;

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
“ni”, for any Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such Business Day “i” up to, 
but excluding, the following Business Day; 
“€STRi-pBD” means the applicable €STR reference rate as determined below for, (i) where, in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling 
in the relevant Observation Period) falling “p” Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day “i” or, (ii) otherwise, 
the relevant Business Day “i”. Solely for the purposes of this definition, the €STR reference rate shall be determined 
as follows: 
(i) 
if “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the 
€STR reference rate in respect of such Business Day; 
(ii) 
if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference 
Day, the €STR reference rate in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), 
the €STR reference rate in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
(iii) 
if “Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the €STR 
reference rate in respect of such Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the last Interest Period, 
in respect of each Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, the rate shall be the €STR reference rate in 
respect of the Rate Cut-off Date.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation of Compounded Daily €STR shall exclude the applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the 
SONIA reference rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 per cent. Being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + SONIA𝑖−𝑝LBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Applicable Period; 
“d0” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Applicable Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Applicable Period; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking 
Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means the applicable SONIA reference rate as determined below for, (i) where, in the relevant Final 
Terms, “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, the London Banking Day (being a 
London Banking Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
London Banking Day “i” or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant London Banking Day “i”. Solely for the purposes of this 
definition, the SONIA reference rate shall be determined as follows: 
(i) 
if “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any London Banking 
Day, the SONIA reference rate in respect of such London Banking Day; 
(ii) 
if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” that is a 
Reference Day, the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and in respect of any London Banking Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a London 
Banking Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day 
immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
(iii) 
if “Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any London Banking Day, the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of such London Banking Day, provided however that, in the case of the last 
Interest Period, in respect of each London Banking Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off 
Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, the rate shall be the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA shall exclude the applicable Margin. 
“CORRA” means the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average, as published by the Bank of Canada or any successor 
thereto as administrator. 
“CORRA Administrator” means the Bank of Canada, as administrator of CORRA (or any successor administrator of 
CORRA). 
“CORRA 
Administrator’s 
Website” 
means 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Bank 
of 
Canada 
currently 
at 
https://www.bankofcanada.ca/rates/interest-rates/corra/, or any successor website officially designated by the Bank 
of Canada in respect of the publication of CORRA. 
“CORRA Compounded Index” means the measure of the cumulative impact of the CORRA reference rate 
compounding over time, as administered and published by the Bank of Canada (or any successor administrator), and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) in respect of any Observation Period as follows, with the resulting  
percentage rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards and 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded downwards: 
( 𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑒𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (365
𝑑) 
where: 
 
“CORRA Compounded Indexstart” is the CORRA Compounded Index value on the date that is two Toronto Banking 
Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, as published by the Bank of Canada, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the CORRA Administrator’s Website or 
any successor website; 
 
“CORRA Compounded Indexend” is the CORRA Compounded Index value on the date that is two Toronto Banking 
Days preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period (or in the case of the final 
Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date), or if the Notes are redeemed prior to the Maturity Date, the date of

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
redemption of such Notes, as applicable), as published by the Bank of Canada, as the administrator of such rate (or 
any successor administrator of such rate), on the CORRA Administrator’s Website or any successor website; and 
 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation of the CORRA Compounded Index shall exclude the applicable Margin. 
“CORRA reference rate”, in respect of any Toronto Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily CORRA rate 
for such Toronto Banking Day as provided by the CORRA Administrator on the CORRA Administrator’s Website on 
or before 11:30 a.m. (Toronto time), on the Toronto Banking Day immediately following such Toronto Banking Day. 
If, by not later than 11:30 a.m. (Toronto time) (or the amended publication time for the CORRA daily rate, if any, 
specified by the CORRA Administrator), on any Toronto Banking Day, neither the CORRA Administrator nor 
authorized distributors of the daily CORRA rate provide or publish the daily CORRA rate in respect of the 
immediately preceding Toronto Banking Day and a CORRA Cessation Effective Date (as defined in Condition 4(c)) 
has not occurred, then, in respect of any day for which the daily CORRA rate is required and is unavailable, references 
to the CORRA reference rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published daily CORRA rate, 
provided that if the Issuer or its Designee determines that a CORRA Cessation Event and its related CORRA Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred on or before such Toronto Banking Day, then the provisions under “Alternative CAD 
Fallback” shall apply. 
“Daily Compounded CORRA” means the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in CAD (with the 
CORRA reference rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards and -0.000005 per cent. being rounded downwards: 
(∏(1 + 𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1) × 365
𝑑 
where: 
“d0” for any Observation Period is the number of Toronto Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Toronto Banking Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first Toronto Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
“CORRAi” means, in respect of any Toronto Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, the CORRA 
reference rate for that day, as published or displayed by the Bank of Canada, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), on the CORRA Administrator’s Website or any successor website on the 
immediately following Toronto Banking Day, which is Toronto Banking Day “i” + 1;   
“ni”, for any Toronto Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such Toronto Banking Day “i” to, but excluding, the following Toronto Banking Day, which is Toronto 
Banking day “i” + 1; and 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation of Daily Compounded CORRA shall exclude the applicable Margin.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual — ISDA” is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
 
 
where:  
 
“Y(1)” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“Y(2)” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M(1)” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M(2)” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“D(1)” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 
31, in which case D(1) will be 30; and 
 
“D(2)” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31 and D(1) is greater than 29, in which case D(2) will be 30;  
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
           Day Count Fraction =
360
 
 
where:  
 
“Y(1)” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
D
 - 
D
 +
 
M
 - 
M
 × 
30
 + 
Y
 - 
Y
 × 
360
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
D
 - 
D
 +
 
M
 - 
M
 × 
30
 + 
Y
 - 
Y
 × 
360

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
 
“Y(2)” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M(1)” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M(2)” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“D(1)” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 
31, in which case D(1) will be 30; and 
 
“D(2)” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D(2) will be 30;  
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
 
 
where:  
 
“Y(1)” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“Y(2)” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M(1)” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M(2)” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“D(1)” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D(1) will be 30; and 
 
“D(2)” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D(2) will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method” is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; or 
(viii) if “Actual/Actual — ICMA” is specified in the Final Terms:  
(a) if the Calculation Period is the same as or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
times (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; or 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
D
 - 
D
 + 
M
 - 
M
 × 
30
 + 
Y
 - 
Y
 × 
360

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
(b) if the Calculation Period starts in one Determination Period and ends in another, the sum of (A) the 
number of days in such Calculation Period falling within the first Determination Period divided by (x) the 
number of days in such first Determination Period times (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year and (B) the calculation in (A), but substituting “second Determination 
Period” for “first Determination Period,” 
where:  
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest 
Payment Date and 
“Determination Period” means the period from, and including, a Determination Date in any year to, but 
excluding, the next Determination Date. 
“Designee” means any party appointed by the Issuer (which may an affiliate of the Issuer) to make specified 
determinations under the terms of the relevant Notes; provided that (i) determinations made by the Designee will be 
made after consultation with the Issuer, and the Designee will not make any such determination to which the Issuer 
reasonably objects and (ii) if the Issuer appoints a Designee to make any determination under the terms of the Notes 
and that Designee fails to make any required determination, then the Issuer will make that determination. 
“€STR reference rate” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate 
for such Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate), on the website of the European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or 
any successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank (the “ECB’s Website”) in each case, on or 
before 9:00 a.m. (CET), on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day. If, in respect of any Business 
Day, the €STR reference rate is not available on the ECB’s Website, such €STR reference rate shall be the €STR 
reference rate for the first preceding Business Day on which the daily euro short-term rate was published on the ECB’s 
Website. 
“EURIBOR” means the euro-zone inter-bank offered rate. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprising Member States of the European Union that adopt the single currency in 
accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
“First Margin” means the margin applicable to the Mid-Swap Rate or the Reset Reference Bond (as applicable) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the first 
Subsequent Reset Date or, if a Subsequent Reset Date is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date. 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to Condition 4(e) (Rate of Interest 
on Reset Notes), the rate of interest determined by the Issuer on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First Margin applicable in respect of such Reset Reference Rate, adjusted 
as necessary. 
“HIBOR” means the Hong Kong inter-bank offered rate.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
“HIHD” means the Hong Kong dollar HIBOR fixings rate. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means:  
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that Interest 
Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the Final Terms as being payable on the 
Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period. 
“Interest Basis” means the basis of interest specified in the Final Terms as being either fixed rate, floating rate or zero-
coupon. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the date specified 
as such in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is BBSW, the first day of each Interest Accrual Period; 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily €STR or Weighted Average €STR, the date falling “p” Business 
Days prior to the Interest Period Date for each Interest Accrual Period; 
(iii) 
if the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA or Weighted Average SONIA, the date falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Period Date for each Interest Accrual Period; 
(iv) 
if the Reference Rate is CORRA Compounded Index or Daily Compounded CORRA, the date that is two 
Toronto Banking Days prior to the Interest Period Date for each Interest Accrual Period; 
(v) 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the second day on which the T2 is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Accrual Period; 
(vi) 
if the Reference Rate is HIBOR, the first day of each Interest Accrual Period; 
(vii) 
if the Reference Rate is HIHD, the first day of each Interest Accrual Period; 
(viii) if the Reference Rate is JIBAR, the first day of each Interest Accrual Period; 
(ix) 
if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the first day of each Interest Accrual Period;  
(x) 
if the Reference Rate is SONIA, the first day of each Interest Accrual Period; 
(xi) 
if the Reference Rate is SONIA Compounded Index, the date falling on the number of London Banking Days 
prior to the Interest Period Date for each Interest Accrual Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
(xii) 
if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the second day on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Stockholm prior to the start of each Interest 
Accrual Period; and 
(xiii) if the Reference Rate is TIBOR, the second day on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo prior to the start of each Interest Accrual 
Period.  
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
“JIBAR” means the Johannesburg Interbank Agreed Rate.  
“Lock-out Period” means the period from, and including, the day following the Interest Determination Date to, but 
excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable 
with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during 
the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency, such day count basis as determined by the Issuer) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in 
the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the 
relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency, such day count 
basis as determined by the Issuer). 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the relevant 
Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro or, if the Specified 
Currency is not euro, such other rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 4(e) (Rate of Interest on 
Reset Notes), either: 
(i) 
if a Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
a. 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
b. commencing on the relevant Reset Date; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
a. 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
b. commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
in either case, as at approximately the Reset Determination Time, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“NIBOR” means the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate.  
“Observation Method” shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Observation Period” means (i) in the case of a determination of CORRA Compounded Index or Daily Compounded 
CORRA, the period from, and including, the date falling two Toronto Banking Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling two Toronto Banking Days prior to the Interest 
Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling two Toronto Banking Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); and (ii) in the case of any other Reference Rate, the period from, 
and including, the date falling “p” Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the 
first Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling “p” Business Days prior to the Interest Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or the 
date falling “p” Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
“p” means, for any Interest Accrual Period: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the number of Business Days 
included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, five Business Days); 
(ii) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, zero; 
(iii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, two Business Days). 
“Rate Cut-off Date” shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of a Note and that is either specified 
or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market; and (ii) in the case of any other Reference Rate, the principal office of four 
major banks in the inter-bank market in the respective Relevant Financial Center, in each case selected by the Issuer 
or its Designee.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
“Reference Day” means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, other than any Business Day in 
the Lock-out Period. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of the five banks selected by the Issuer or its Designee, or their 
affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers 
in pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government Bond Dealer 
and any Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Issuer, of the bid and offered prices 
for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) as at the Reset 
Determination Time and quoted in writing to the Issuer by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
“Reference Rate” means (i) BBSW, (ii) Compounded Daily €STR, (iii) Compounded Daily SONIA, (iv) CORRA 
Compounded Index, (v) Daily Compounded CORRA, (vi) EURIBOR, (vii) HIBOR, (viii) HIHD, (ix) JIBAR, (x) 
NIBOR, (xi) SONIA, (xii) SONIA Compounded Index, (xiii) Weighted Average €STR, (xiv) Weighted Average 
SONIA, (xv) STIBOR and (xvi) TIBOR, in each case for the relevant currency and for the relevant period as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
“Relevant Financial Center” means: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is BBSW, Sydney; 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily €STR or €STR or EURIBOR or Weighted Average €STR, 
Brussels; 
(iii) 
if the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA or SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index or Weighted 
Average SONIA, London; 
(iv) 
if the Reference Rate is CORRA Compounded Index or Daily Compounded CORRA, Toronto; 
(v) 
if the Reference Rate is HIBOR or HIHD, Hong Kong; 
(vi) 
if the Reference Rate is JIBAR, Johannesburg; 
(vii) 
if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, Oslo;  
(viii) 
if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, Stockholm; and 
(ix) 
if the Reference Rate is TIBOR, Tokyo. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an original Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to which the 
original Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) relates, or any other 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such 
rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a)

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to which the 
original Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any other 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
original Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service as 
may be specified in the Final Terms, including any successor thereto. 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, such time as specified in the 
Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 11.00 a.m. in the Relevant Financial Center. 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as applicable). 
“Reset Determination Date” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the second Business 
Day prior to each relevant Reset Date. 
“Reset Determination Time” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 11.00 a.m. local time in the principal 
financial center of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date or such other time as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reset Note” means a Note which bears interest at a rate of interest which is recalculated at specified intervals. 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
“Reset Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or, if none, four major banks in the 
swap, money, securities or other markets most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate (in the case of the 
calculation of the Mid-Swap Rate) as selected by the Issuer or its Designee. 
“Reset Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the extent that 
such Reset Reference Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the Reset 
Determination Date, Reset Reference Bond means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by 
the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, 
shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer or its Designee as having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity 
comparable with the relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer) would be utilized, at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period. 
“Reset Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (i) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date (as applicable), after excluding 
the highest and lowest of such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations, or (iii) in 
respect of the calculation of interest for a Reset Period where the relevant Final Terms specify that the Reset Reference 
Rate shall be one of the Reset Reference Bond Rate or the U.S. Treasury Rate (but not as the fallback Reset Reference 
Rate to the Mid-Swap Rate), (x) if only one Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received the Reset 
Reference Bond Price shall be equal to such quotation, or (y) if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations 
are received, when the U.S. Treasury Rate does not apply, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of 
Interest and any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
Reset Date or, when the U.S. Treasury Rate does apply, the U.S. Treasury Rate shall be determined in accordance 
with the second paragraph of the definition of U.S. Treasury Rate. 
“Reset Reference Bond Rate” means the rate per annum equal to the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant Day Count Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Reset Reference Bond, assuming a 
price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reset Reference 
Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date. 
“Reset Reference Rate” means one of (i) the Mid-Swap Rate, (ii) the Reset Reference Bond Rate or (iii) the U.S. 
Treasury Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“SONIA” means the Sterling Overnight Index Average. 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the rate of return of a compound interest investment in Sterling (with the SONIA 
reference rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“Bloomberg Screen” means, when used in connection with any designated page, the display page so designed on the 
Bloomberg service, or (i) any successor display page, other published source, information vendor or provider that has 
been officially designated by the sponsor of the original page or source; or (ii) if the sponsor has not officially 
designated a successor display page, another published source, service or provider (as the case may be), the successor 
display page, other published source, service or provider, if any, designated by the relevant information vendor or 
provider (if different from the sponsor); 
“d” means the number of calendar days from, and including, SONIA Compounded IndexStart to, but excluding, SONIA 
Compounded IndexEnd; 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEnd” means the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the date that is the number of 
London Banking Days specified in the applicable Final Terms preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such 
Interest Period (or, in the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date); 
“SONIA Compounded IndexStart” means the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the date that is the number of 
London Banking Days specified in the applicable Final Terms preceding the first day of the relevant Interest Period;  
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to a SONIA Index Determination Date, the value that is 
published or displayed by the Bank of England, as administrator of SONIA or by another information service from 
time to time (including on Bloomberg Screen page SONCINDX) at 12.30 p.m. (London time) on such SONIA Index 
Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
“SONIA Index Determination Date” means the date for determining the SONIA Compounded IndexStart and SONIA 
Compounded IndexEnd, as applicable.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index Value is not published or displayed by the Bank of England, as 
administrator of SONIA or by another information service from time to time (including on Bloomberg Screen page 
SONCINDX) by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled 
time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the 
SONIA reference rate or of such other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, then the Rate of Interest for the Interest Accrual Period for which the SONIA Compounded Index is not available 
shall be “Compounded Daily SONIA” determined as if the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as “Compounded Daily SONIA”, and for these purposes: (i) the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be 
“Observation Shift” and (ii) the “Observation Look-Back Period” shall be deemed to equal the number of London 
Banking Days specified in the applicable Final Terms with respect to the SONIA Index Determination Dates (unless 
otherwise specified), as if those alternative elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation of SONIA Compounded Index shall exclude the applicable Margin. 
“SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily SONIA rate for 
such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorized distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable but the daily SONIA rate for such London 
Banking Day is otherwise published by such authorized distributors, as otherwise published by such authorized 
distributors (on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day). 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day, the daily SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorized distributors by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the 
time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-
prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such other information 
service, as the case may be), such SONIA reference rate shall be: (A)(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank 
Rate”) prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the 
daily SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a daily SONIA rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate; or (B)(i) if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the relevant London 
Banking Day, the daily SONIA rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorized distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the daily SONIA rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorized distributors) or (ii) if this is more recent, 
the latest rate determined under (A) above. 
Where the SONIA reference rate is determined with respect to a Series of Notes in accordance with the immediately 
preceding sentence, (A) in the event that the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to 
be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA reference rate, the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) shall, to the extent 
that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA, for purposes of that Series of 
Notes for so long as the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the daily SONIA rate has not otherwise been 
published by the authorized distributors; and (B) if the provisions of the above paragraphs fail to provide a means of 
determining the SONIA reference rate, the provisions under “Alternative Fallback” shall apply. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified in the Final Terms or, if none is specified, the currency in which 
the Notes are denominated. 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin applicable to the Mid-Swap Rate or the Reset Reference Bond (as applicable) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the first Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) 
the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to Condition 4(e) 
(Rate of Interest on Reset Notes – Reset Notes and Benchmark Replacement), the rate of interest determined by the 
Issuer on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the Subsequent 
Margin applicable in respect of such Reset Reference Rate, adjusted as necessary. 
“Successor Rate” means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) that the Issuer 
or its Designee determines is a successor to or replacement of the original Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable) which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate. 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by Eurosystem, or any successor or replacement system. 
“TIBOR” means the Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate. 
“Toronto Banking Day” means a day on which Schedule I banks under the Bank Act (Canada) are open for business 
in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday in Toronto (or such revised regular 
publication calendar for CORRA Compounded Index, Daily Compounded CORRA or an Applicable CAD Fallback 
Rate, as the case may be, may be adopted by the administrator of such rate from time to time). 
“U.S. Treasury Rate” means, with respect to any Reset Period, the rate per annum calculated by the Issuer equal to: 
(i) the yield, under the heading which represents the average for the week immediately prior to the Reset Determination 
Date, appearing in the most recently published statistical release designated “H. 15”, or any successor publication that 
is published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System that establishes yields on actively traded U.S. 
Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity, under the caption “Treasury constant maturities”, for a maturity 
comparable with the Reset Period; or (ii) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week 
immediately prior to the Reset Determination Date or does not contain such yields, the rate per annum equal to the 
semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Reset Reference Bond, calculated using a price for the Reset Reference 
Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reset Reference Bond Price for such Reset 
Determination Date. 
If the U.S. Treasury Rate cannot be determined, for whatever reason, as described under (i) or (ii) above, “U.S. 
Treasury Rate” means the rate in percentage per annum as notified to the Issuer equal to the yield on the U.S. Treasury 
securities having a maturity comparable with the Reset Period as set forth in the most recently published statistical 
release designated “H. 15” under the caption “Treasury constant maturities” (or any successor publication that is 
published weekly by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and that establishes yields on actively 
traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity under the caption “Treasury constant maturities” for the 
maturity comparable with the Reset Period) and as at the Reset Determination Time on the last available date preceding 
the Reset Determination Date on which such rate was set forth in such release (or any successor release). 
“Weighted Average €STR” means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
€STR reference rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by 
multiplying each €STR reference rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the 
sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
For these purposes the €STR reference rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the €STR reference rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; 
and 
(ii) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of 
the €STR reference rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculated 
by multiplying each €STR reference rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the 
sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, provided however that for any calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period falling in the Lock-out 
Period, the relevant €STR reference rate for each day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to the €STR 
reference rate in effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For 
these purposes the €STR reference rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, subject 
to the proviso above, be deemed to be the €STR reference rate in effect for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day. 
“Weighted Average SONIA” means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the 
SONIA reference rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by 
multiplying each SONIA reference rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the 
sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
For these purposes the SONIA reference rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a London Banking 
Day shall be deemed to be the SONIA reference rate in effect for the London Banking Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day; and 
(ii) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of 
the SONIA reference rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculated 
by multiplying each SONIA reference rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining 
the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, provided however that for any calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period falling in the Lock-out 
Period, the relevant SONIA reference rate for each day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to the 
SONIA reference rate in effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out 
Period. For these purposes the SONIA reference rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a London 
Banking Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the SONIA reference rate in effect for the 
London Banking Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
5.   Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) Final Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on 
the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided in 
the Final Terms, shall be equal to 100 per cent. of its principal amount). 
(b) Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
(i) The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note for which the Interest Basis is specified to be zero 
coupon, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c), (d) or (e) or upon it becoming due and payable 
as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortized Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(ii) Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the Amortized Face Amount of any such Note shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortization Yield (which, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
shall be such rate as would produce an Amortized Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date), compounded annually. Where such calculation is to be 
made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the 
Final Terms. 
(iii) If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 
5(c), (d) or (e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortized Face Amount of such Note 
as defined in sub-paragraph (ii) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the reference 
therein to the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were replaced by a reference to the Relevant 
Date. The calculation of the Amortized Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be 
made (as well after as before judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of 
such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 4(d). 
(c) Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, at their Early Redemption Amount, which, unless otherwise provided herein 
or in the Final Terms, shall be equal to 100 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with 
interest accrued and unpaid to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption and Additional Amounts, if any, if the 
Issuer determines that (A) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws affecting taxation (or any regulations 
or rulings promulgated thereunder) of the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or 
therein, or any change in the official application or interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings, it has or will (or 
there is a substantial probability that it will) become obliged to pay Additional Amounts on the Notes as described 
under Condition 7 or (B) any action (including any of those specified in (A) above) has been taken by any taxing 
authority of, or any action has been brought in a court of competent jurisdiction in, the United States, whether or not 
such action was taken or brought with respect to the Issuer, or any change, amendment, application or interpretation 
shall be officially proposed on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series, which, in any such case, in the written opinion of independent legal counsel of recognized standing results in 
a substantial probability that the Issuer will be required to pay Additional Amounts on the Notes as described under 
Condition 7, and in the case of (A) or (B) above, such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it which do not require undue effort or expense. Prior to the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent (1) a certificate of the Issuer stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (2) if applicable, the written opinion of independent 
legal counsel referred to above. 
(d) Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (at Optional Redemption Amount or at Make-Whole Redemption Amount):

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
If so provided in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, within the Issuer’s Option Period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, on giving not less than 5 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), redeem all or some of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date. In case of a partial redemption, any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at 
least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount (if any) to be redeemed specified in the Final Terms and no greater 
than the Maximum Redemption Amount (if any) to be redeemed specified in the Final Terms. 
(i) 
If Redemption at Optional Redemption Amount (Issuer Call Option) is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, then any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued and unpaid to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
(ii) 
If Redemption at Make-Whole Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then any such redemption of Notes shall be at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount as determined by the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent. The “Make-Whole Redemption Amount” will be equal to: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes denominated in Canadian dollars, the greater of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the Canada Yield Price, in each case, together 
with accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
 
where: 
 
“Canada Yield Price” means, in respect of any Notes being redeemed, the price, in respect of the 
principal amount of such Notes, calculated as of the third Business Day prior to the dated fixed for 
redemption, equal to the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of interest 
(not including any portion of the payments of interest accrued as of the date fixed for redemption) 
and principal on the Notes to be redeemed from the date fixed for redemption to, but excluding, the 
date specified in the Final Terms using as a discount rate the sum of the Government of Canada 
Yield on such Business Day plus the spread specified in the Final Terms; and 
 
“Government of Canada Yield” means, on any date, the bid-side yield to maturity on such date as 
determined by the arithmetic average (rounded to three decimal places) of the yields quoted at 10:00 
a.m. (Toronto time) by any two investment dealers in Canada selected by the Issuer or its Designee, 
assuming semi-annual compounding and calculated in accordance with generally accepted Canadian 
financial practice, which a non-callable Government of Canada bond would carry if issued in 
Canadian dollars in Canada at 100 per cent. of its principal amount on such date with a term to 
maturity that most closely approximates the remaining term to, but excluding, the date specified in 
the Final Terms; and 
(b) 
in all other cases, the sum of:  
(i)  
100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed; and 
(ii) 
the excess, if any, of (A) the then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest, up to but not including the scheduled maturity date, discounted to 
the Optional Redemption Date on a basis provided in the applicable Final Terms (based on 
the relevant Day Count Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the Reference 
Dealer Rate (as defined below) plus the Redemption Margin, in each case as determined 
by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent over (B) 100 per cent. of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed;

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
provided that if the Make-Whole Exemption Period is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes during the Make-Whole Exemption Period, then the Make-
Whole Redemption Amount will be equal to 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes 
to be redeemed together with interest accrued and unpaid to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any notice of redemption is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice 
in accordance with this Condition. Any notice of redemption given under Condition 5(c) will override any notice of 
redemption given (whether previously, on the same date or subsequently) under this Condition 5(d). 
[The Issuer may not redeem or repurchase any Note that is part of its eligible external long-term debt for purposes of 
meeting its total loss absorbing capacity (“TLAC”) and minimum long-term debt (“LTD”) requirements without the 
prior approval of the Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”) unless the Issuer 
would continue to meet its TLAC and LTD requirements notwithstanding such redemption or repurchase.  In addition, 
to the extent that any Subordinated Note qualifies as part of the Issuer’s Tier 2 capital under applicable capital 
regulations and guidance of the Federal Reserve, the Issuer may not generally redeem or repurchase such Subordinated 
Note prior to maturity without the Federal Reserve’s prior approval.]* 
[In the case of Subordinated Notes, no repayment of principal hereof prior to maturity, including but not limited to, a 
payment pursuant to acceleration of maturity, redemption or repurchase, may be made without the prior written 
approval of the U.S. Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the “OCC”), if so then required under applicable 
regulations, capital guidelines or policies of the OCC.]† 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also specify the nominal amount of Notes drawn 
and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Agent 
may determine and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable laws, stock 
exchange requirements and requirements of the relevant clearing system. 
In these Conditions: 
“Make-Whole Calculation Agent” means a leading investment, merchant or commercial bank appointed by the Issuer 
(which may be the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer) for the purposes of calculating the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount, and notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
“Make-Whole Exemption Period” will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Redemption Margin” will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Dealers” means five (or, in the circumstances set out in the definition of “Reference Security” below, three 
or four) credit institutions or financial services institutions (which may include any affiliate of the Issuer) that regularly 
deal in bonds and other debt securities as selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent after consultation with the 
Issuer. 
“Reference Dealer Rate” means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of 
the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security at the Quotation Time as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms on the third business day in the Quotation Jurisdiction as specified in the applicable Final Terms preceding 
the Optional Redemption Date provided in writing to the Make-Whole Calculation Agent by the five Reference 
Dealers.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
“Reference Security” means (a) the Reference Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms or (b) if, at the Quotation 
Time on the third business day in the Quotation Jurisdiction as specified in the applicable Final Terms preceding the 
Optional Redemption Date, the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, such other central bank or government 
security that, in the majority opinion of three Reference Dealers (one of whom shall be the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent) (i) has a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes and (ii) would be utilized, at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of 
comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. In the event that each such Reference Dealer selects a different 
central bank or government security, the Make-Whole Calculation Agent after consultation with the Issuer shall 
approach a fourth Reference Dealer and, from the three different central bank or government securities selected by the 
other Reference Dealers, such fourth Reference Dealer shall select as the Reference Security the central bank or 
government security which, in its opinion (i) has a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes and (ii) 
would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues 
of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. The central bank or government 
security so selected by the fourth Reference Dealer shall then be the Reference Security. 
(e) Redemption at the Option of Noteholders (Put Option): 
If so provided in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
To exercise such option, the holder must deposit, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date, the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified 
office together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”), in the form obtainable from any 
Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the Noteholders’ Option Period. No 
Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer, except that 
such Certificate will be returned to the relevant Noteholder by the Registrar or Transfer Agent with which it has been 
deposited if, prior to the due date for its redemption or the exercise of the option, the Note becomes immediately due 
and payable or if upon due presentation payment of the redemption moneys is not made or exercise of the option is 
denied. 
The Subordinated Notes shall not be redeemable at the option of the holder of any such Note. 
(f) Purchases: 
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries will have the right at any time and from time to time to purchase Notes in any 
manner, on the open market or otherwise, at any price. 
(g) Cancellation: 
All Notes redeemed by the Issuer shall, and all Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries 
may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be surrendered for cancellation by surrendering to the Registrar the Certificate 
representing such Notes. Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
6.   Payments  
(a) Principal and Interest:

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
(i) Payments of principal in respect of Notes shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar to the person shown on the 
Register and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) Interest shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of business on the 15th day before the due 
date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Note shall be made in the currency 
in which such payments are due by check drawn on a bank in the principal financial center of the Specified 
Currency and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in 
the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before 
the Record Date and subject as provided in paragraph (i) above, such payment of interest may be made by transfer 
to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the holder with a bank in the principal financial center of 
the country or countries of that currency; provided, however, that (x) in the case of euro, the transfer may be to, 
or the check drawn on, a euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred), 
specified by the holder, (y) in the case of Japanese yen, the transfer may be to a non-resident Japanese yen account 
with a foreign exchange bank, and (z) payment will not be made either by mail to an address in the United States 
(as defined in Condition 7) or by transfer to an account maintained in the United States. 
(b) Conversion, Substitution or Redenomination of Currency: 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that the relevant currency (the “national currency 
unit”) for payment of the Notes is converted into, or there is substituted for the national currency unit, another currency 
(the “new currency”) pursuant to law having general and direct applicability in the country of the national currency 
unit (including, for the avoidance of doubt, European Community laws) (“Relevant Law”), any amount payable in 
respect of the Notes shall, subject to the following sentence, be made in the new currency at the conversion rate 
prescribed by Relevant Law at the time of such payment. If any such substitution or conversion occurs and, pursuant 
to Relevant Law, payments to be made under legal instruments stipulating the use of or denomination in a national 
currency unit may be performed in such country in either the national currency unit or in the new currency, the Issuer 
shall be entitled, at its option, to pay any amount payable in respect of the Notes either in the national currency unit 
or in the new currency at the conversion rate prescribed by Relevant Law at the time of such payment. The occurrence 
or non-occurrence of a currency conversion, replacement or introduction of a type described in this paragraph or any 
payment in a new currency in accordance with the terms of this provision shall not (i) constitute a default of the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Notes, (ii) require any consent of any party or be deemed to be a modification or 
amendment of the terms or provisions of the Notes by the Issuer requiring any such consent, (iii) entitle the Issuer to 
avoid its obligations under the Notes or (iv) entitle the Issuer or any holder of a Note to rescission of the purchase and 
sale thereof or to reformation of any of the terms or provisions thereof on the grounds of impossibility or 
impracticability of performance, frustration of purpose or otherwise. Further, in the event of an official redenomination 
with respect to the national currency unit for payment of the relevant Notes by the government of the country of the 
national currency unit, the obligations of the Issuer with respect to payment on the Notes in such redenominated 
currency shall, in all cases, be adjusted to equal an amount of redenominated currency thereafter representing the 
amount of such obligations in the national currency unit immediately before such redenomination. Any payment made 
in accordance with the foregoing shall be a complete discharge of the Issuer’s payment obligations in respect of the 
amount of the national currency unit which has been paid in the new currency or in the new denomination. The Agent 
will give prompt notice to the holders of the Notes of any such redenomination, conversion or replacement in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
(c) Impositions of Exchange Controls: 
If the Issuer, after consultation with the Agent, reasonably determines that a payment on the Notes cannot be made in 
the Specified Currency due to restrictions imposed by the government of such currency or any agency or

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
instrumentality thereof or any monetary authority in such country (other than as contemplated in the preceding 
paragraph (b)), such payment will be made outside the United States in U.S. dollars by a check drawn on, or by credit 
or transfer to, an account maintained by the holder with a bank located outside the United States. The Agent shall give 
prompt notice to the holders of the Notes if such a determination is made. The amount of U.S. dollars to be paid with 
respect to any such payment shall be the amount of U.S. dollars that could be purchased by the Agent with the amount 
of the Specified Currency payable on the date the payment is due, at the rate for sale in financial transactions of U.S. 
dollars (for delivery in the principal financial center of the Specified Currency two Business Days later) quoted by 
such bank at 10:00 a.m. local time in the principal financial center of the Specified Currency, on the second Business 
Day prior to the date the payment is due. 
(d) Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect 
of such payments. 
(e) Appointment of Agents: 
The Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent currently appointed under 
the Program and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the 
Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with the holder of any Note. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation 
Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) an Agent, (ii) a Registrar, (iii) a Transfer Agent, (iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least 
two major European cities, including London, so long as the Notes are admitted to the Official List of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) and admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin (the “Regulated Market”) or Euronext Dublin’s Global Exchange Market and (v) such other agents 
in such city as may be required by the rules of any other Stock Exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
(f) Non-Business Days: 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until 
the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this 
paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as 
“Financial Centers” in the Final Terms and: 
(i) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in 
the relevant currency in the principal financial center of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) (in the case of a payment in euro) which is a T2 Business Day. 
7.   Taxation

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
All payments of principal and interest on the Notes will be made without deduction or withholding for or on account 
of any present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge, of whatever nature, imposed or levied by or 
within the United States or by or within any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, except as 
required by law. The Issuer will, subject to certain limitations and exceptions set forth below, pay to a holder of Notes 
such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as may be necessary so that every net payment by the Issuer or any 
of its Paying Agents of principal or interest with respect to the Notes after deduction or withholding for or on account 
of any such present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon such holder, will not be less 
than the amount provided for in such Notes to be then due and payable. However, the Issuer will not be required to 
make any payment of Additional Amounts for or on account of: 
(a) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which would not have been so imposed but for (i) the 
existence of any present or former connection between such holder or beneficial owner (or between a fiduciary, 
settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of, or possessor of a power over, such holder or beneficial owner, 
if such holder or beneficial owner is an estate, a trust, a partnership or a corporation) and the United States, 
including, without limitation, such holder or beneficial owner (or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, 
shareholder or possessor) being or having been present therein, being or having been a citizen or resident 
thereof, being or having been engaged in a trade or business therein or having or having had a permanent 
establishment therein, (ii) the failure of such holder or beneficial owner to comply with any certification, 
identification or other information reporting requirements under the income tax laws and regulations of the 
United States, without regard to any tax treaty, or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein 
to establish entitlement to an exemption from withholding or (iii) the presentation of a Note or Certificate for 
payment on a date more than 10 days after the Relevant Date or the date on which such payment is duly 
provided for, whichever occurs later; 
(b) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge if the holder or beneficial owner would have been able to 
avoid such withholding or deduction by satisfying any statutory or procedural requirements including, without 
limitation, the provision of information;  
(c) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property or similar tax, assessment or governmental 
charge; 
(d) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which is payable other than by withholding from payments 
of principal of or interest on any Note; 
(e) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by reason of the holder’s or beneficial owner’s past 
or present status as a personal holding company, private foundation or other tax-exempt organization, passive 
foreign investment company, controlled foreign corporation with respect to the United States or as a 
corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax; 
(f) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by any Paying Agent from a payment 
of principal of or interest on any Note, if that payment can be made without such withholding by at least one 
other Paying Agent; 
(g) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by reason of the holder’s or beneficial owner’s past 
or present status as the actual or constructive owner of 10 per cent. or more of the total combined voting power 
of all classes of stock of the Issuer entitled to vote or as a controlled foreign corporation that is related directly 
or indirectly to the Issuer through stock ownership;

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
(h) 
any withholding or deduction imposed as a result of the holder’s or beneficial owner’s failure, or the failure of 
any agent having custody or control over a payment, to establish its exemption from such withholding or 
deduction by complying with any requirements to report on its owners or holders of interests, or to enter into 
an agreement with a taxing authority to provide such information; 
(i) 
taxes imposed under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, any 
regulations promulgated thereunder or official interpretation thereof, or any agreement entered into in relation 
to the foregoing; or 
(j) 
any combination of items (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h) and (i), 
nor shall Additional Amounts be paid with respect to a payment of principal of or interest on any Note to a holder that 
is not the beneficial owner of such Note to the extent that the beneficial owner thereof would not have been entitled 
to the payment of such Additional Amounts had such beneficial owner been the holder of such Note. 
As used in these Conditions, the term “United States” means the United States of America (including the States and 
the District of Columbia), its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction. As used in these 
Conditions, the term “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note means the date on which the relevant payment in respect 
of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which 
payment in full of the relevant amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice 
is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or Certificate being made in accordance 
with these Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the 
Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortized Face 
Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or 
supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant 
to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include 
any Additional Amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
8.   Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 
10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect 
of them. 
9.   Events of Default 
If one or more of the following events (herein referred to as “Events of Default”) shall have occurred and be 
continuing: 
(a) failure on the part of the Issuer to pay when due the principal of any of the Notes as and when the same shall 
become due and payable, whether at maturity, upon redemption or otherwise, and such failure shall have 
continued for a period of 30 days; 
(b) failure on the part of the Issuer to pay when due any instalment of interest or any Additional Amounts upon any 
Notes as and when the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall have continued for a period of 
30 days;

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
[(c) a court having jurisdiction in the premises shall enter a decree or order for relief in respect of the Issuer in an 
involuntary case under any applicable U.S. federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or 
hereafter in effect, and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive 
days; or]* 
[(c)  a decree or order of a court or supervisory authority having jurisdiction in the premises for the appointment of a 
receiver, liquidator, trustee, assignee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer, or of all or 
substantially all of the property of the Issuer, or for the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Issuer, shall 
have been entered, and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive 
days; or]† 
[(d) the Issuer shall commence a voluntary case under any applicable U.S. federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or 
other similar law now or hereafter in effect or consent to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case 
under any such law,]* 
[(d) the Issuer shall consent to the appointment of, or the taking possession by, a receiver, liquidator, trustee, assignee, 
custodian, sequestrator, or similar official of the Issuer, or of all or substantially all of the property of the Issuer,]† 
then each Noteholder, at its option, may give written notice to the Issuer and the Agent specifying such Events of 
Default that shall have occurred and are continuing, declaring that any Notes held by such Noteholder are due and 
payable immediately upon the date written notice thereof is received by the Issuer, and unless all such defaults shall 
have been cured by the Issuer or waived prior to receipt of such written notice, such Notes shall become and be 
immediately due and payable. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such notice shall be required upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified 
in subclause (c) or (d). If an Event of Default specified in subclause (c) or (d) with respect to Notes of the Issuer 
occurs, such Notes shall automatically, and without any declaration or other action on the part of any Noteholder, 
become immediately due and payable. Upon payment of such amount, all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
payment of principal and interest of the Notes shall terminate. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Subordinated Notes may be accelerated only upon the events specified in subclause 
(c) or (d) above.  
The amount payable in respect of the Notes upon an Event of Default shall be an amount equal to their Early 
Redemption Amount, any Additional Amounts and all unpaid interest accrued to such date.  
[Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in the event of an acceleration pursuant to an Event of 
Default in relation to a Series of Subordinated Notes, no payment of the principal of the Notes may be made without 
the prior written approval of the OCC, if so required under applicable regulations, capital guidelines or policies of the 
OCC. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of these Conditions, including those specifically set out in clauses relating to 
subordination, events of default and covenants of the Issuer, it is expressly understood and agreed that the OCC or 
any receiver or conservator of the Issuer appointed by the OCC (and such receiver shall be the FDIC for any bank 
with FDIC-insured deposits at the time the receiver is appointed) shall have the right, but not the obligation, in the 
performance of its, his or her legal duties, and as part of any transaction or plan of reorganization or liquidation relating 
to the Issuer or the rights of any parties or agencies with an interest in, or a claim against, the Issuer or its assets, to 
transfer or direct the transfer of the obligations of any Subordinated Note to any bank or bank holding company 
selected by such official which shall expressly assume the obligation of the due and punctual payment of the unpaid

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
principal, and interest and premium, if any, on such Subordinated Note and the due and punctual performance of all 
covenants and conditions; and the completion of such transfer and assumption shall serve to supersede and void any 
default, acceleration or subordination which may have occurred, or which may occur due or related to such transaction, 
plan, transfer or assumption, pursuant to the provisions of such Subordinated Note, and shall serve to return the holder 
of such Subordinated Note to the same position, other than for substitution of the obligor, it would have occupied had 
no default, acceleration or subordination occurred; except that any interest and principal previously due, other than by 
reason of acceleration, and not paid shall, in the absence of a contrary agreement by the holder of such Subordinated 
Note, be deemed to be immediately due and payable as of the date of such transfer and assumption, together with the 
interest from its original due date at the rate provided for herein.]† 
10.   Subordination 
(a) The Issuer, for itself, its successors and assigns, covenants and agrees, and each holder of Subordinated Notes 
likewise covenants and agrees, that the obligation of the Issuer to make any payment of principal of, and premium, 
if any, and interest (including Additional Amounts) on each and all of the Subordinated Notes is hereby expressly 
subordinated, to the extent and in the manner hereinafter set forth, to the prior payment in full of all Senior 
Indebtedness of the Issuer. 
(b) No payment of principal of, and premium, if any, or interest (including Additional Amounts) on the Subordinated 
Notes shall be made and no holders of the Subordinated Notes shall be entitled to demand or receive any such 
payment (i) unless all amounts of principal, and premium, if any, and interest then due on all Senior Indebtedness 
of the Issuer shall have been paid in full or duly provided for, or (ii) if, at the time of such payment or immediately 
after giving effect thereto, there shall exist with respect to any such Senior Indebtedness any event of default 
permitting the holders thereof to accelerate the maturity thereof or any event which, with notice or lapse of time 
or both, would become such an event of default. 
[(c)(i)Upon any distribution of the assets of the Issuer in connection with the dissolution, winding up, liquidation or 
reorganization of the Issuer (whether in bankruptcy, insolvency or receivership proceedings or upon an 
assignment for the benefit of creditors or any other marshalling of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer or 
otherwise), the holders of Senior Indebtedness of the Issuer shall first be entitled to receive payment in full in 
accordance with the terms of such Senior Indebtedness of the principal thereof, and premium, if any, and the 
interest due thereon before the holders of the Subordinated Notes are entitled to receive any payment on the 
Subordinated Notes; and, upon any such dissolution, winding up, liquidation or reorganization, any payment or 
distribution of assets of the Issuer of any kind or character, whether in cash, property or securities, to which the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes would be entitled except for the provisions of this Condition 10, including any 
such payment or distribution which may be payable or deliverable by reason of the payment of any other 
indebtedness of the Issuer being subordinated to the payment of the Subordinated Notes, shall be made by the 
liquidating trustee or agent or other person making such payment or distribution, whether a trustee in bankruptcy, 
a receiver or liquidating trustee or otherwise, directly to the holders of Senior Indebtedness of the Issuer or their 
representative or representatives or to the trustee or trustees under any indenture under which any instruments 
evidencing any of such Senior Indebtedness may have been issued, ratably according to the aggregate amounts 
remaining unpaid on account of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest (including interest accrued 
subsequent to the commencement of any proceeding for the bankruptcy or reorganization of the Issuer under any 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law now or hereafter in effect) on the Senior Indebtedness of the 
Issuer held or represented by each, to the extent necessary to pay in full all such Senior Indebtedness remaining 
unpaid, after giving effect to any concurrent payment or distribution to the holders of such Senior Indebtedness. 
(ii) If, in the event of any dissolution, winding up, liquidation or reorganization of the Issuer (whether in bankruptcy, 
insolvency or receivership proceedings or upon an assignment for the benefit of creditors or otherwise) tending

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
toward liquidation of the business and assets of the Issuer, all of the holders of the Subordinated Notes, or any of 
them, shall fail to file a proper claim or proof of debt in the form required in such proceeding prior to 30 days 
before the expiration of the time to file such claim or claims, and such claim or claims are not filed by the Agent 
pursuant to the authority granted pursuant to the provisions contained herein prior to 15 days before such 
expiration, then the holder or holders of the Senior Indebtedness are thereby authorized to, and have the right to, 
file an appropriate claim for and on behalf of the holders of the Subordinated Notes in the form required in any 
such proceeding. 
(iii) In the event that, notwithstanding the foregoing, upon any such dissolution, winding up, liquidation or 
reorganization, any payment or distribution of assets of the Issuer of any kind or character, whether in cash, 
property or securities, including any such payment or distribution which may be payable or deliverable by reason 
of the payment of any other indebtedness of the Issuer being subordinated to the payment of the Subordinated 
Notes, shall be received by or for the benefit or account of the holders of the Subordinated Notes before all Senior 
Indebtedness of the Issuer is paid in full, such payment or distribution shall be held in trust for the benefit of and 
shall be paid over to the holders of such Senior Indebtedness or their representative or representatives or to the 
trustee or trustees under any indenture under which any instruments evidencing any of such Senior Indebtedness 
may have been issued, ratably as aforesaid for application to the payment of all Senior Indebtedness of the Issuer 
remaining unpaid until all such Senior Indebtedness shall have been paid in full, after giving effect to any 
concurrent payment or distribution to the holders of such Senior Indebtedness. 
(iv) Subject to the payment in full of all Senior Indebtedness of the Issuer, the holders of the Subordinated Notes shall 
be subrogated (equally and ratably with the holders of all indebtedness of the Issuer which by its express terms 
is subordinated to indebtedness of the Issuer to substantially the same extent as the Subordinated Notes are 
subordinated and which is entitled to like rights of subrogation) to the rights of the holders of such Senior 
Indebtedness to receive payments or distributions of assets of the Issuer applicable to such Senior Indebtedness 
until the Subordinated Notes shall be paid in full, and none of the payments or distributions to the holders of such 
Senior Indebtedness to which the holders of the Subordinated Notes would be entitled except for the provisions 
of this Condition 10 or of payments over, pursuant to the provisions of this Condition 10, to the holders of such 
Senior Indebtedness by the holders of the Subordinated Notes shall, as between the Issuer and its creditors other 
than the holders of such Senior Indebtedness and the holders of the Subordinated Notes, be deemed to be a 
payment by the Issuer to or on account of such Senior Indebtedness; it being understood that the provisions of 
Condition 10(b) and this Condition 10(c) are and are intended solely for the purpose of defining the relative rights 
of the holders of the Subordinated Notes, on the one hand, and the holders of the Senior Indebtedness of the 
Issuer, on the other hand. 
(v) The Issuer shall give prompt written notice to the Agent and any Paying Agent, and to the holders of the 
Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 15 hereof, of any dissolution, winding up, liquidation or reorganization 
of the Issuer within the meaning of this Condition 10. The Agent and any Paying Agent shall be entitled to assume 
that no such event has occurred unless the Issuer or any one or more holders of the Senior Indebtedness of the 
Issuer or any trustee therefor (who shall have been certified by the Issuer or otherwise established to the 
satisfaction of the Agent or any such Paying Agent to be such a holder or trustee) has given written notice thereof 
to the Agent or such Paying Agent. Upon any distribution of assets of the Issuer referred to in this Condition 10, 
the Agent, any Paying Agent and the holders of the Subordinated Notes shall be entitled to rely upon any order 
or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction in which such dissolution, winding up, liquidation or reorganization 
proceedings are pending for the purpose of ascertaining the persons entitled to participate in such distribution, 
the holders of the Senior Indebtedness of the Issuer, the amounts thereof or payable thereon, the amount or 
amounts paid or distributed thereon and all other facts pertinent thereto or to this Condition 10, and the Agent, 
any Paying Agent and the holders of the Subordinated Notes shall be entitled to rely upon a certificate of the 
liquidating trustee or agent or other person making any distribution to the holders of the Subordinated Notes for

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
the purpose of ascertaining the persons entitled to participate in such distribution, the holders of the Senior 
Indebtedness of the Issuer, the amounts thereof or payable thereon, the amount or amounts paid or distributed 
thereon and all other facts pertinent thereto or to this Condition 10.]* 
[(d) Nothing contained in this Condition 10 or elsewhere in these Conditions is intended to or shall impair, as between 
the Issuer and the holders of the Subordinated Notes, the obligation of the Issuer, which is absolute and 
unconditional (and which, subject to the rights under this Condition 10 of the holders of the Senior Indebtedness 
of the Issuer, is intended to rank pari passu with all other general obligations of the Issuer), to pay to the holders 
of the Subordinated Notes the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest (including Additional Amounts and 
interest accruing subsequent to the commencement of any proceeding for the bankruptcy or reorganization of the 
Issuer under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law now or hereafter in effect) on the Subordinated 
Notes as and when the same shall become due and payable in accordance with these Conditions and when 
required pursuant to these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and any paying agency agreement, or is intended 
to or shall affect the relative rights of the holders of the Subordinated Notes and creditors of the Issuer other than 
the holders of the Senior Indebtedness of the Issuer, nor shall anything herein or therein prevent any holder of 
Subordinated Notes from exercising all remedies otherwise permitted by applicable law upon default under these 
Conditions, subject to the rights, if any, under this Condition 10 of the holders of the Senior Indebtedness of the 
Issuer in respect of cash, property or securities of the Issuer received upon the exercise of any such remedy.]* 
[(e) Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Condition 10, neither the Agent nor any Paying Agent shall at any 
time be charged with knowledge of the existence of any facts which would prohibit the making of any payment 
of moneys to or by the Agent or any such Paying Agent, when required pursuant to these Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement and any paying agency agreement unless and until the Agent or any such Paying Agent shall have 
received written notice thereof from the Issuer or from one or more holders of Senior Indebtedness of the Issuer 
or from any trustee therefor who shall have been certified by the Issuer or otherwise established to the reasonable 
satisfaction of the Agent or any such Paying Agent to be such a holder or trustee, and, prior to the receipt of any 
such written notice, the Agent or any Paying Agent shall be entitled in all respects to assume that no such facts 
exist; provided, however, that, if prior to the fifth Business Day preceding the date upon which by the terms 
hereof any such moneys may become payable for any purpose, the Agent or any Paying Agent shall not have 
received with respect to such moneys the notice provided for in this Condition 10(e), then, anything herein 
contained to the contrary notwithstanding, the Agent or any such Paying Agent may, in its discretion, receive 
such moneys and/or apply the same to the purpose for which they were received, and shall not be affected by any 
notice to the contrary, which may be received by it on or after such date; provided, however, that no such 
application shall affect the obligations under this Condition 10 of the persons receiving such moneys from the 
Agent or any Paying Agent.]* 
[(f) Notwithstanding anything in these Conditions to the contrary, any deposit of moneys by the Issuer with the Agent 
or any Paying Agent for the payment of the principal, and premium, if any, and interest on the Subordinated 
Notes shall, except as provided in Condition 10(e), be subject to the provisions of Condition 10(a), (b) and (c).]* 
[(g) No right of any present or future holders of any Senior Indebtedness of the Issuer to enforce subordination as 
herein provided shall at any time in any way be prejudiced or impaired by any act or failure to act on the part of 
the Issuer or by any act or failure to act, in good faith, by any such holder, or by any non-compliance by the Issuer 
with the provisions hereof, regardless of any knowledge thereof which any such holder may have or be otherwise 
charged with. The holders of any Senior Indebtedness of the Issuer may at any time or from time to time and in 
their absolute discretion, change the manner, place or terms of payment, change or extend the time of payment 
of, or renew or alter, any such Senior Indebtedness, or amend or supplement any instrument pursuant to which 
any such Senior Indebtedness is issued or by which it may be secured, or release any security therefor, or exercise 
or refrain from exercising any other of their rights under such Senior Indebtedness including, without limitation,

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
the waiver of default thereunder, all without notice to or assent from the holders of the Subordinated Notes and 
without affecting the obligations of the Issuer or the holders of the Subordinated Notes under this Condition 10.]* 
[(h) The failure to make a payment pursuant to the Subordinated Notes by reason of any provision in this Condition 
10 shall not be construed as preventing the occurrence of any default or Event of Default under these 
Conditions.]* 
[(i) Subject to the provisions of this Condition 10, the Subordinated Notes shall rank pari passu in right of payment 
with the Issuer Subordinated Indebtedness.]* 
[(j) Upon the occurrence of any of the events specified in Condition 10(c) herein, the provisions of that Condition 
10(c) and the corresponding provisions of each indenture or other instrument or document establishing or 
governing the terms of any indebtedness of the Issuer which by its express terms is subordinated to indebtedness 
of the Issuer substantially to the same extent as the Subordinated Notes, shall be given effect to determine the 
amount of cash, property or securities which may be payable or deliverable as between the holders of the Senior 
Indebtedness, on the one hand, and the holders of such other subordinated indebtedness on the other hand.]* 
(k) Definitions: 
[“Issuer Subordinated Indebtedness” means debt securities (i) issued under a Subordinated Indenture, dated as of 
March 14, 2014, between the Issuer and U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as trustee, as the same may be 
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time; or (ii) issued under an Indenture, dated as of October 
21, 2010, between the Issuer and U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as trustee, as the same may be amended, 
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
“Senior Indebtedness” of the Issuer is defined as the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on: 
(a) all indebtedness of the Issuer for money borrowed; 
(b) similar obligations of the Issuer arising from off-balance sheet guarantees and direct credit substitutes;  
(c) all obligations of the Issuer for claims in respect of derivative products such as interest rate and foreign exchange 
contracts, commodity contracts and similar arrangements (and for purposes of this definition, “claim” has the 
meaning assigned thereto in Section 101(4) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code of 1978, as amended and in effect on 
October 4, 2024); and  
(d) any deferrals, renewals or extensions of any of the foregoing clauses (a), (b) or (c); 
in each case, whether outstanding as of the relevant Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes or thereafter created, 
assumed or incurred; provided that in each case Senior Indebtedness will not include (A) Subordinated Notes issued 
under these Conditions; (B) any other subordinated debt securities of the Issuer issued under its Euro Medium Term 
Note program, as the same may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to time, which are subordinated to 
indebtedness of the Issuer to substantially the same extent as provided in these Conditions; (C) Issuer Subordinated 
Indebtedness; and (D) such other indebtedness of the Issuer as is by its terms expressly stated not to be senior in right 
of payment to, or to rank pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes or Issuer Subordinated Indebtedness. 
The term “indebtedness of the Issuer for money borrowed” as used in the foregoing paragraph shall mean any 
obligation of, or any obligation guaranteed by, the Issuer for the repayment of borrowed money, whether or not 
evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other written instruments, and any deferred obligation for the payment of

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
the purchase price of property or assets.]* 
[“Senior Indebtedness” of the Issuer is defined as the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on (a) all indebtedness 
of the Issuer for money borrowed, whether outstanding on the relevant Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes or 
thereafter created, assumed or incurred, including (A) the Issuer’s obligations to its depositors, obligations under 
bankers’ acceptances and letters of credit; (B) the Issuer’s obligations to its other creditors (including its obligations 
to any Federal Reserve Bank, the FDIC and any rights acquired by the FDIC as a result of loans made by the FDIC to 
the Issuer or the purchase or guarantee of any of the Issuer’s assets by the FDIC pursuant to the provisions of 12 
U.S.C. Section 1823(c), (d) or (e)); and (C) all other obligations of the Issuer other than obligations that are by their 
terms expressly stated to be junior in right of payment to, or to rank pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes; and 
(b) any deferrals, renewals or extensions of any such Senior Indebtedness; in each case (whether in (a) or (b)) other 
than obligations which by their express terms rank pari passu with, or junior to, the Subordinated Notes. 
The term “indebtedness of the Issuer for money borrowed” as used in the forgoing paragraph shall mean any obligation 
of, or any obligation guaranteed by, the Issuer for the repayment of borrowed money, whether or not evidenced by 
bonds, debentures, notes or other written instruments, and any deferred obligation for the payment of the purchase 
price of property or assets.]† 
“Senior Notes” means Notes that are specified as Senior Notes in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Subordinated Notes” means Notes that are specified as Subordinated Notes in the applicable Final Terms. 
11.  Consolidation or Merger 
[(a) 
The Issuer will not merge or consolidate with, or sell or convey all or substantially all of its assets to any 
other Person (other than a sale or conveyance to one or more Subsidiaries of the Issuer), unless (i) either (A) the Issuer 
shall be the surviving corporation, association or other entity in the case of a merger or (B) the surviving, resulting or 
transferee corporation, association or other entity (the “successor corporation”) (I) shall be a U.S. corporation, 
association or other entity or, if not a U.S. corporation, association or other entity, shall agree to pay Additional 
Amounts under the same circumstances as required under Condition 7, subject to the same exceptions set forth therein, 
except that solely for the purpose of this Condition 11(a), references to the United States will instead be to the 
jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of the successor corporation and (II) shall expressly assume the due and 
punctual payment of the principal of and interest (including Additional Amounts, if any, that may result due to 
withholding required by any authority having the power to tax to which the Issuer’s successor corporation is or may 
be subject) on all the Notes, according to their tenor, and the due and punctual performance of all of the covenants 
and obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and Agency Agreement, by such successor corporation becoming a party 
to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it and 
(ii) the Issuer or such successor corporation, as the case may be, shall not, immediately after such merger, 
consolidation, sale or conveyance, be in default in the performance of any covenants or obligations, of the Issuer under 
the Notes or Agency Agreement. 
(b) Upon any merger, consolidation, sale or conveyance as provided in paragraph (a) above, the successor 
corporation shall succeed to and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of and be subject to 
all the obligations of, the Issuer under the Notes and Agency Agreement, with the same effect as if the successor 
corporation had been named as the Issuer therein and herein and the Issuer shall be released from its liability as 
obligor under the Notes and Agency Agreement; provided that any successor corporation shall have the right to 
redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 5(c) only as a result of circumstances which occur subsequent to such 
merger, consolidation, sale or conveyance and as a result of which the Issuer would have had such right if the 
Issuer had remained the obligor on the Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
(c) For purposes of this Condition 11, (i) the term “Person” means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint 
venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or 
political subdivision thereof; (ii) the term “Subsidiary” means a corporation, association or other entity more than 
50 per cent. of the outstanding Voting Stock of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer or by one or 
more other Subsidiaries, or by the Issuer and one or more other Subsidiaries; and (iii) the term “Voting Stock” 
means stock of the class or classes having a general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect at least 
a majority of the board of directors, managers or trustees of a corporation, association or other entity (irrespective 
of whether or not at the time stock of any other class or classes shall have or might have voting power by reason 
of the happening of any contingency).]* 
[There shall be no restriction on the ability of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. to consolidate or merge with another entity 
or the ability of the Issuer to sell or transfer all, or substantially all, of its assets or liabilities.]† 
12.   Modifications and Waivers; Noteholders’ Meetings 
(a) Modifications: 
Certain modifications and amendments to these Conditions may be made without the consent of the holder of any 
Note, including for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or of correcting or supplementing any defective provisions 
contained therein, adding covenants for the benefit of holders of the Notes, surrendering rights or powers conferred 
on the Issuer, effecting succession or assumption as a result of a merger or similar transaction, or in any other manner 
which the Issuer and the Agent may deem necessary or desirable and which will not materially adversely affect the 
interest of the holders of the Notes. 
In addition, modifications and amendments to these Conditions may be made, and past defaults by the Issuer may be 
waived, with the written consent of the holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the 
time outstanding, or of such lesser percentage as may act at a meeting of holders of the Notes held in accordance with 
these Conditions; provided that, in no event may the Issuer, without the written consent or the affirmative vote of the 
holder of each outstanding Note affected thereby, 
(i) extend the stated maturity of the principal of or any instalment of interest on any such Note; 
(ii) reduce the principal amount or redemption price of, or interest on, any such Note; 
(iii) change the obligation of the Issuer to pay Additional Amounts;  
(iv) change the currency of payment of such Note or interest thereon;  
(v) impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or with respect to any such Note; 
(vi) reduce the percentage in aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding necessary to modify or amend the 
Agency Agreement or to waive any past default; or 
(vii) reduce the voting or quorum requirements or the percentage of aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding 
required to take any other action authorized to be taken by the holders of a specified principal amount of Notes. 
Certain modifications and amendments to the Agency Agreement may be made without the consent of the holder of 
any Note so as to modify any provisions of the Agency Agreement which are of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or made to correct a manifest error or for the purpose of complying with any applicable laws or regulations.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
Any modifications, amendments or waivers to the Agency Agreement or to these Conditions will be conclusive and 
binding on all holders of the Notes, whether or not they have given such consent or were present at such meeting, and 
on all future holders of Notes, whether or not notation of such modifications, amendments or waivers is made upon 
the Notes. Any instrument given by or on behalf of any holder of a Note in connection with any consent to any such 
modification, amendment or waiver will be irrevocable once given and will be conclusive and binding on all 
subsequent holders of such Note. 
(b) Meetings: 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests, including Extraordinary Resolutions to, amongst others, modify, or obtain waiver of, or waive past default 
by the Issuer of, any covenant or condition set out in the Agency Agreement or these Conditions (other than those 
items specified in Condition 12(a)(i) through (vii)), or to sanction the exchange or substitution for the Notes of, or the 
conversion of the Notes into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other entity. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer. At a meeting of the holders of the Notes for the purpose of approving an 
Extraordinary Resolution, persons entitled to vote a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time 
outstanding shall constitute a quorum. In the absence of a quorum at any such meeting, within 30 minutes of the time 
appointed for such meeting, the meeting shall be adjourned for a period of not less than 14 days nor more than 42 
days; the persons entitled to vote a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding shall 
constitute a quorum for the taking of any action set forth in the notice of the original meeting. At a meeting or an 
adjourned meeting duly convened and at which a quorum is present as aforesaid, any Extraordinary Resolution shall 
be effectively passed if passed by a majority consisting of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the applicable 
Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
13.   Replacement of Certificates 
If a Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, 
regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Registrar or such other Transfer Agent as 
may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on 
such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Certificate is subsequently presented for payment there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount 
payable by the Issuer in respect of such Certificate) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced 
Certificates must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. Upon the issuance of any substitute Certificate, 
the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental or insurance charge 
that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expense (including the fees and expenses of the Agent) connected 
therewith. 
14.   Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further securities either 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, issue 
price, first payment of interest and principal amount) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may 
determine at the time of their issue. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires 
otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series with the Notes.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
15.   Notices 
(a) Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes in Definitive Form 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes in definitive form shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in 
the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
after the date of mailing. 
(b) Notices to the Holders of Interests in Global Notes 
For Global Notes representing the Notes that are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, notices to such Noteholders may be made by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to such Noteholders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the Noteholders on the day after the day on which such notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. For Global Notes that are held by any other clearing system (an “Alternative Clearing System”), notices 
will be made in any manner permitted or required by such Alternative Clearing System. 
(c) Notices to the Holders of Notes Admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and Trading on its Regulated 
Market 
In relation to Notes admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on its Regulated Market, notices to 
such Noteholders will be published in accordance with the rules of the Regulated Market. 
(d) Notices to the Holders of Notes Admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and Trading on its Global 
Exchange Market 
In relation to Notes admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on its Global Exchange Market, 
notices to such Noteholders will be published in accordance with the rules of Euronext Dublin. 
(e) Notices to the Holders of Notes Listed on Any Other Stock Exchange 
For so long as any Notes are listed on any other stock exchange or listing authority, notices shall be published in 
accordance with the rules of such stock exchange or listing authority. 
(f) Notices to the Holders of Unlisted Notes 
Notices to the holders of unlisted Notes may be published, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, in newspapers, 
on a website or otherwise. 
16.   The Agent 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes, the Agent is acting solely as agent of the 
Issuer and does not assume any obligation towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with the owner or holder 
of any Note, except that any funds held by the Agent for payment of principal of or interest on, or Additional Amounts 
with respect to, any Note shall be held in trust by it and applied as set forth herein, but need not be segregated from 
other funds held by it, except as required by law. For a description of the duties and the immunities and rights of the 
Agent under the Agency Agreement, reference is made to the Agency Agreement, and the obligations of the Agent to 
the holders of the Notes are subject to such immunities and rights.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
17.   Governing Law 
The Notes, and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to the Notes, are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, United States of America.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
THE GLOBAL NOTES 
Notes represented by a Global Note will be registered in the name of a nominee, common depositary or common 
safekeeper for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name 
of a nominee of, an Alternative Clearing System, as the case may be. Beneficial interests in the Global Notes will be 
shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records maintained by the applicable clearing system 
and its respective participants. 
Initial Issue of Global Notes 
If Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be held under the NSS, they are intended to be held in a manner 
which allows them to be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy, and the Global Notes will 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Where the Final Terms 
designates that the Notes are to be held under the NSS, the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the International Central Security Depositories (“ICSDs”) as common safekeeper and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper. Any such designation and deposit of the Global Notes 
with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.  
Global Notes which are not held under the NSS may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to the Common Depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or to a custodian for an Alternative 
Clearing System. 
In the case of a Global Note not issued under the NSS, upon the registration of the Global Note in the name of any 
nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or for an Alternative Clearing System and delivery of the Global 
Note to the Common Depositary or another custodian, the applicable clearing systems will credit each subscriber with 
a principal amount of Notes equal to the principal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. Regardless of 
whether the Notes are issued under the NSS, the Register shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note. Notes denominated in Canadian dollars may be settled and cleared through CDS 
Clearing and Depository Services Inc. (“CDS Notes”), which is an Alternative Clearing System. See “Settlement and 
Clearance of CDS Notes” below for a description of additional settlement and clearance procedures applicable to CDS 
Notes. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
may (if indicated in the applicable Final Terms) also be credited to the accounts of other clearing systems through 
direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by other clearing systems. Conversely, 
Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
For so long as any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, each person who is shown in the records of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System, as applicable, as the holder of a particular principal 
amount of Notes shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such 
principal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to quorum requirements, voting and the 
payment of principal or interest on the Notes, the rights to which shall be vested, as against the relevant Issuer, the 
Agent and any other Paying Agent, solely in the registered holder of the relevant Global Note in accordance with and

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
subject to its terms (and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly). Any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative 
Clearing System, as applicable, as to the principal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall 
be conclusive and binding for all purposes except in the case of manifest error. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System 
as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note must look solely to such clearing system for such holder’s share 
of each payment made by the relevant Issuer to the registered holder of a Global Note and in relation to all other rights 
arising under the Global Notes, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of such clearing 
system. Such persons shall have no claim directly against the relevant Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes 
for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note, and such obligations of the relevant Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to the registered holder of the Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. 
Settlement and Clearance of CDS Notes 
All CDS Notes will be represented by a Global Note (each a “Global CDS Note”) held by or on behalf of CDS Clearing 
and Depository Services Inc. or a successor or its nominee (collectively, the “CDS Notes Depository”) as custodian 
of the Global CDS Note (for its participants) and registered in the name of the CDS Notes Depository, and registrations 
of ownership and transfers of the CDS Notes will be made only through the depository service of the CDS Notes 
Depository. 
Except as set forth below, owners of CDS Notes will not be entitled to a certificate or other instrument from the Issuer 
or the CDS Notes Depository evidencing their ownership of a CDS Note, and beneficial ownership of a CDS Note 
will not be shown on the records maintained by the CDS Notes Depository except through book-entry accounts of a 
participant of the CDS Notes Depository acting on behalf of owners of CDS Notes. Each purchaser of a CDS Note 
represented by a Global CDS Note will receive a customer confirmation of purchase from the Dealer or Dealers from 
which the CDS Note is purchased in accordance with the practices and procedures of the selling Dealer or Dealers. 
The practices of the Dealers may vary but, generally, customer confirmations are issued promptly after execution of 
a customer order. The CDS Notes Depository will be responsible for establishing and maintaining book-entry accounts 
for its participants having interests in Global CDS Notes. Sales of interests in Global CDS Notes can only be completed 
through participants in the depository service of the CDS Notes Depository. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the CDS Notes will be issued in fully registered form 
(“definitive CDS Notes”) to registered holders or their nominees other than the CDS Notes Depository only if (i) the 
Issuer determines that the CDS Notes Depository is unwilling or unable to discharge properly its responsibilities as 
depository in connection with the Global CDS Notes or at any time the CDS Notes Depository ceases to be a clearing 
agency or otherwise ceases to be eligible to be a depository, and the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor 
within a reasonable period of time, (ii) the Issuer elects to terminate the book-based system through the CDS Notes 
Depository, (iii) termination of the book-based system through the CDS Notes Depository is required by law or (iv) 
an event of default (or an event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an event of 
default) has occurred with respect to the CDS Notes.  
Transfers of ownership of CDS Notes represented by Global CDS Notes will be effected through records maintained 
by the CDS Notes Depository for such Global CDS Notes (with respect to interests of participants) and on the records 
of participants (with respect to interests of persons other than participants). Owners of CDS Notes who are not 
participants in the depository service of the CDS Notes Depository, but who desire to purchase, sell or otherwise 
transfer ownership of or other interests in Global CDS Notes, may do so only through participants in the depository 
service of the CDS Notes Depository.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
The ability of an owner of an interest in a CDS Note represented by a Global CDS Note to pledge the CDS Note or 
otherwise take action with respect to such owner’s interest in a CDS Note represented by a Global CDS Note (other 
than through a participant) may be limited due to the lack of a physical certificate. 
Exchange 
1.   Temporary Global Notes 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date in 
whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement 
for interests in a Permanent Global Note. 
2.   Global Notes  
Each Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holders of beneficial interests in such Global Note, on 
or after its Exchange Date in whole but not (except as provided below) in part for Definitive Notes in registered form 
only, 
(i) if the Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System, 
and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or 
(ii) if an Event of Default occurs in relation to the Notes represented by such Global Note, by any holder giving 
notice to the Agent of its election for such change. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued in Specified 
Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination 
will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes 
such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
Exchanges or transfers of the Notes represented by any Global Note pursuant to Condition 2(a) may be made in part 
only: 
(i) if the Notes represented by the Global Note are held on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or  
(iii) with the consent of the relevant Issuer,  
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to (i) or (ii) above, the registered holder has 
given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of the registered holder’s intention to effect 
such transfer. 
Definitive Notes represented by Certificates will be printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock 
exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
3.   Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is not issued under the NSS, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the 
Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the relevant Issuer will (i) in the case of 
a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a Permanent 
Global Note in an aggregate principal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a Temporary Global Note that 
is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a Permanent 
Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, 
or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate principal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes 
represented by Certificates or (iii) if the Global Note is issued under the NSS, procure that details of such exchange 
be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. On exchange in full of each Global Note, the relevant 
Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant 
Definitive Notes. 
4.   Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 days after its 
Issue Date and, in relation to any other Global Note, 40 days after the date upon which notice requiring exchange is 
given. 
Amendment to Conditions  
The Temporary Global Notes and Permanent Global Notes contain provisions that apply to the Notes that they 
represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this Prospectus. The 
following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
1.   Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Temporary Global Note unless exchange for an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on any 
Temporary Global Note before the Exchange Date will be made only against presentation of certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Global Notes not 
issued under the NSS will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made 
in respect of the Notes, for surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Agent or such other Paying Agent 
which has been appointed for such purpose. If the Global Note is not held under the NSS, a record of each payment 
so made will be endorsed on the Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has 
been made in respect of the Notes. Condition 6(a)(i) will apply to the Definitive Notes only. If the Global Note is held 
under the NSS, the relevant Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant 
clearing system and represented by the Global Note will be reduced accordingly. Each payment so made will discharge 
the relevant Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant 
clearing system shall not affect such discharge. No payment with respect to the Temporary Global Notes, Permanent 
Global Notes or Definitive Notes, as applicable, will be made by mail to the United States or its possessions or by 
transfer to an account maintained therein. 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note will be made to the person shown as the registered 
holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System Business Day

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
before the due date for such payment (the “Record Date”) where “Clearing System Business Day” means a day on 
which each clearing system for which the Global Note is being held is open for business. 
2.   Prescription 
Claims against the relevant Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a Global Note will become void unless 
presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7). 
3. 
Meetings 
The holder of a Global Note shall (unless such Global Note represents only one Note) be treated as holding the 
aggregate principal amount represented by such Global Note for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting 
of Noteholders. Holders of interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant Alternative Clearing System to appoint appropriate proxies. 
4.   Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Global Note that is required by the Conditions to be cancelled (other than 
upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the principal amount of the relevant Global Note. 
5.   Purchase 
Notes represented by a Global Note may be purchased only by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries if they are purchased 
together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest thereon. 
6.   Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the relevant Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented by a 
Global Note shall be exercised by the relevant Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within the time limits set out in 
and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the 
serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall 
be required. If any option of the relevant Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, 
the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) (such partial 
redemption to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any Alternative Clearing 
System (as the case may be) as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). Where the 
Global Note is issued under the NSS, the relevant Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered 
pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records 
will be reduced accordingly. 
7.   Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented by a 
Global Note may be exercised by the registered holder of the Global Note giving notice to the Agent within the time 
limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the 
notice available from any Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of 
the Notes in respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating the principal amount of Notes in respect of

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
which the option is exercised and at the same time, where the Global Note is not issued under the NSS, presenting the 
Global Note to the Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is 
issued under the NSS, the relevant Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced 
accordingly. 
8.   Nominal Amount 
Where the Global Note is issued under the NSS, the relevant Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, shall be entered in the records 
of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry being made, the nominal amount of the Notes represented 
by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
9.   Agent’s Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or registered in the name of 
any nominee for, a clearing system, the Agent may have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing 
system or its operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to 
such Global Note and may consider such interests as if such accountholders were the holders of the Notes represented 
by such Global Note. 
10.   Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of, or registered in the 
name of a nominee for, a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of 
the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for notice 
as required by the Conditions.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from the issuance of each Series of Notes will be allocated by or on behalf of the relevant 
Issuer as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as 
follows: 
(a) where “General Corporate Purposes” is so specified, for general corporate purposes as described below;  
(b) where “Green Bond Issue” is so specified, to finance or refinance Eligible Green Projects (as defined below) on 
a portfolio basis, as described below; or 
(c) where “Social Bond Issue” is so specified, to finance or refinance Eligible Social Projects (as defined below) on 
a portfolio basis, as described below; or 
(d) where “Sustainability Bond Issue” is so specified, to finance or refinance a combination of Eligible Green Projects 
and Eligible Social Projects on a portfolio basis, as described below. 
The net proceeds from an issuance of Notes where General Corporate Purposes is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement may be temporarily invested pending application for their specified purpose, either 
within the JPMorganChase Group or in securities and other obligations or instruments of other entities.  The net 
proceeds from an issuance of Notes where “Green Bond Issue”, “Social Bond Issue” or “Sustainability Bond Issue” 
is so specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may, pending allocation, be invested temporarily 
in cash, cash equivalents and/or other high quality liquid assets.  
JPMorgan Chase & Co. will contribute the net proceeds that it receives from each issuance of Notes to its “intermediate 
holding company” subsidiary, JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC, which will allocate such net proceeds in accordance 
with their specified purpose. Interest on JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s debt securities (including interest on the Notes) and 
dividends on its equity securities, as well as redemptions or repurchases of its outstanding securities, will be made 
using amounts JPMorgan Chase & Co. receives as dividends or extensions of credit from JPMorgan Chase Holdings 
LLC or as dividends from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will allocate the net proceeds that it receives from each issuance of Notes in accordance 
with their specified purpose. 
General Corporate Purposes 
General corporate purposes may include investments in subsidiaries, payments of dividends to parent companies, 
extensions of credit to subsidiaries or parent companies, or the financing of possible acquisitions or business 
expansion. 
Green Bond Issues, Social Bond Issues and Sustainability Bond Issues  
JPMorganChase has developed a firmwide sustainability strategy, and part of that strategy may include a Green Bond 
Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue (collectively, “Sustainable Bonds”). If the specified use of 
proceeds for any Series of Notes is: 
•  
to finance or refinance Eligible Green Projects (each a “Green Bond Issue”), then the relevant Issuer intends for 
those Notes to be issued in accordance with the Green Bond Principles, as updated in June 2021 (the “Green 
Bond Principles”); 
•  
to finance or refinance Eligible Social Projects (each a “Social Bond Issue”), the relevant Issuer intends for those 
Notes to be issued in accordance with the Social Bond Principles, as updated in June 2021 (the “Social Bond 
Principles”); or 
•  
to finance or refinance a combination of Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects (each a 
“Sustainability Bond Issue”), the relevant Issuer intends for those Notes to be issued in accordance with the 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines, as updated in June 2021 (the “Sustainability Bond Guidelines”, and together

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
with the Green Bond Principles and the Social Bond Principles, the “Principles”). 
The Principles are voluntary guidelines that were developed by industry working groups administered by the 
International Capital Markets Association and are intended to promote integrity in the green bond and social bond 
markets through recommendations relating to transparency, disclosure and reporting. 
In accordance with the Principles, JPMorganChase has adopted internal procedures with respect to: (i) providing 
undertakings that an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Bond Issue will be allocated to fund projects that 
meet JPMorganChase’s eligibility criteria described below (“Eligible Green Projects”), that an amount equal to the 
net proceeds of any Social Bond Issue will be allocated to fund projects that meet JPMorganChase’s eligibility criteria 
described below (“Eligible Social Projects”) and that an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Sustainability Bond 
Issue will be allocated to fund a combination of Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects; (ii) evaluating 
and selecting Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects; (iii) ensuring that an amount equal to the net 
proceeds of any Sustainable Bond is allocated on a portfolio basis to Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social 
Projects, as applicable; and (iv) on an annual basis , providing a publicly available report concerning the allocation of 
an amount equal to the net proceeds of JPMorganChase’s outstanding Sustainable Bonds issued from and after October 
2022 to fund Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable. 
The above summary is based on JPMorganChase’s Sustainable Bond Framework as in effect as of the date of this 
Prospectus. The Sustainable Bond Framework may be amended or updated from time to time, and prospective 
investors in any Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue to be issued under this Prospectus 
should refer to the most recent version of the Sustainable Bond Framework, which will be available on 
JPMorganChase’s website at https://www.jpmorganchase.com/about/governance/esg, and the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement for information concerning the use of proceeds for the relevant Notes. 
Subject to the qualifications set forth in this Prospectus, the relevant Issuer will allocate an amount equal to the net 
proceeds of each Green Bond Issue to fund Eligible Green Projects on a portfolio basis, each social Bond Issue to 
fund Eligible Social Projects on a portfolio basis and each Sustainability Bond Issue to fund a combination of Eligible 
Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects on a portfolio basis. This may include either the financing or refinancing 
of projects that meet the following eligibility criteria or lending to clients of JPMorganChase that require financing 
for projects if the activity meets the eligibility criteria described below. 
Eligible Green Projects 
Eligible Green Projects include: 
•  
green buildings, including the development, construction, installation, operation, acquisition, maintenance, 
upgrades and associated costs relating to : 
o 
new or existing commercial or residential buildings that meet certain regional, national or 
internationally-recognized standards or certifications (i.e., LEED Gold or greater, Energy Star 85 or 
greater, or Enterprise Green Communities for multifamily buildings);  
•  
renewable and clean energy, including the development, transmission, construction, installation, operation,  
acquisition, maintenance, upgrades and associated costs relating to the following: 
o 
on-shore wind energy; 
o 
solar energy; 
o 
geothermal energy facilities with direct emissions of less than 100 grams of carbon dioxide per 
kilowatt-hour; and 
o 
hydrogen produced with renewable energy. 
• 
sustainable transportation, including:

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
o 
vehicles with zero tailpipe emissions (e.g., electric vehicles); and 
o 
clean mass transportation (i.e. less than 50 grams of carbon dioxide per passenger-kilometer). 
No assurance can be provided that the net proceeds of any Green Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue will be 
allocated to fund transactions with these specific characteristics during the term of the relevant Notes. 
Eligible Social Projects 
Eligible Social Projects include: 
• 
small business, including: 
o 
small businesses in low- and moderate-income (“LMI”) and/or majority Black, Hispanic and Latino 
census tracts, each  as defined by the U.S. Bureau of the Census in the most recent decennial census; 
• 
affordable housing, including: 
o 
multi-family rentals subject to certain government restrictions (i.e., U.S. Low-income Housing Tax 
Credit or Section 8 Housing Assistance Program contracts); and/or 
o 
projects where a majority of the project’s units are affordable to, reserved for or restricted to 
individuals who earn under 80 per cent. of the Area Median Income (“AMI”) or under 120 per cent. 
of the AMI for properties located in a high-cost area as defined by the U.S. Department of Housing 
and Urban Development, and home lending to LMI persons;  
• 
home ownership, including: 
o 
home purchase and refinance loans to LMI customers and/or Black, Hispanic and Latino borrowers 
or co-borrowers based on data collected under the U.S. Home Mortgage Data Act (HMDA) across 
all household income levels;  
• 
education, including:  
o 
projects that promote access to education in LMI geographies, such as education-related non-profit 
or public sector organizations that provide services regardless of ability to pay; 
• 
healthcare, including: 
o 
projects that promote access to healthcare in LMI geographies, such as healthcare-related non-profit 
or public sector organizations that provide services regardless of ability to pay. 
No assurance can be provided that the net proceeds of any Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue will be 
allocated to fund transactions with these specific characteristics during the term of the relevant Notes. 
Excluded Activities 
JPMorganChase will not knowingly allocate proceeds from any Sustainable Bond to the following activities: 
• 
activities related to the exploration, production or transportation of fossil fuels (e.g., coal, oil and gas); 
• 
consumption of fossil fuels for the purpose of power generation; 
• 
nuclear energy; 
• 
activities involving exploitation of human rights, modern slavery (e.g., forced labor or human trafficking) or 
child labor; or 
• 
any other activity that JPMorganChase determines is ineligible for allocation of proceeds of any Green Bond

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability Bond Issue at the time of allocation. 
Process for Evaluation and Selection 
Groups within JPMorganChase that are responsible for JPMorganChase’s sustainability initiatives, including groups 
within JPMorganChase’s Corporate Responsibility organization (collectively, the “Sustainability Group”, including 
any successor teams or organizations), will evaluate whether specific projects qualify as Eligible Green Projects or 
Eligible Social Projects under the eligibility criteria described above. The Sustainability Group will also select Eligible 
Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects for inclusion in a single conceptual portfolio of assets, which is referred 
to herein as the “Sustainable Asset Portfolio”. The Sustainable Asset Portfolio, and the Eligible Green Projects and 
Eligible Social Projects included in that portfolio, will not be segregated from other assets of JPMorganChase and its 
subsidiaries. 
The Sustainability Group may select an Eligible Green Project or Eligible Social Projects for inclusion in the 
Sustainable Asset Portfolio for up to 24 months from the date of the financing, investment or disbursement of funds 
for that Eligible Green Project or Eligible Social Project. All projects selected by the Sustainability Group for inclusion 
in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio will have been previously and separately subject to review under applicable internal 
JPMorganChase frameworks for environmental and social risk management. Once an Eligible Green Project or 
Eligible Social Project has been selected for inclusion in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio, it will remain part of the 
Sustainable Asset Portfolio unless or until the relevant project is in default, has terminated, has been sold, is otherwise 
no longer outstanding or no longer meets the eligibility criteria described above. For the avoidance of doubt, Eligible 
Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects may be pledged as collateral for existing or future purposes unrelated to 
the issuance of the notes.  
Management of the Proceeds 
Subject to the qualifications set forth in this Prospectus, an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Sustainable Bonds 
offered by this Prospectus will be allocated to fund Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, 
on a portfolio basis or pending allocation, invested temporarily in cash, cash equivalents and/or other high quality 
liquid assets.  
The Sustainability Group is responsible for reviewing the Sustainable Asset Portfolio at least annually with the aim 
of ensuring that:  
• 
the Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects included in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio remain 
eligible for inclusion as described above; and  
• 
the aggregate nominal amount of all Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects included in the 
Sustainable Asset Portfolio meets or exceeds the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Sustainable 
Bonds issued by JPMorganChase, together with its subsidiaries, from and after October 2022, or in the event 
of any shortfall, an amount equal to the shortfall is temporarily invested in cash, cash equivalents and/or other 
high quality liquid assets pending allocation of such amount.  
In addition, the Sustainability Group is responsible for documenting its selection of Eligible Green Projects and 
Eligible Social Projects for inclusion in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio and the monitoring of the Sustainable Asset 
Portfolio, as described above, in accordance with an internal framework for attestation, controls and governance. 
Post-issuance reporting 
On an annual basis, JPMorganChase intends to prepare and make publicly available a report that will describe the 
allocation of the net proceeds of all outstanding Sustainable Bonds, including any new issuances since the last report, 
to Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects within the Sustainable Asset Portfolio, at such level of detail as 
JPMorganChase deems practicable based on commercial, confidentiality and other relevant considerations.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
JPMorganChase intends to publish such a report annually until the aggregate net proceeds of the relevant Sustainable 
Bond issuance have been fully allocated to fund Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, and 
thereafter, may publish an update of any such report in its sole discretion. 
JPMorganChase expects that each report or update that it publishes concerning the allocation of the proceeds of any 
Sustainable Bond will: 
• 
contain an assertion by JPMorganChase’s management that the aggregate nominal amount of all Eligible Green 
Projects and Eligible Social Projects included in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio meets or exceeds the aggregate 
principal amount of all outstanding Sustainable Bonds issued by JPMorganChase, together with its subsidiaries, 
from and after October 2022, or in the event of any shortfall, an amount equal to the shortfall is temporarily 
invested in cash, cash equivalents and/or other high quality liquid assets pending allocation of such amount; and 
• 
be accompanied by a related report from an independent accountant, or an independent third party consultant with 
experience in environmental, social and governance research and analysis. 
JPMorganChase also intends to publish information, where feasible, concerning measures of the expected 
environmental impact of the Eligible Green Projects or the expected social impact of the Eligible Social Projects, as 
applicable, included in the Sustainable Asset Portfolio. 
Additional information  
Additional information concerning JPMorganChase’s Sustainable Bond Framework and related reports may be 
accessed on JPMorganChase’s website at https://www.jpmorganchase.com/about/governance/esg.  For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Sustainable Bond Framework and related reports are not, nor shall they be deemed to be, incorporated 
into this Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement relating to a Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or 
Sustainability Bond Issue.  
Payment of the principal of and interest on any Notes issued as a Green Bond Issue, Social Bond Issue or Sustainability 
Bond Issue will be made from general funds and will not be directly linked to the performance, maturity or termination 
of any Eligible Green Project or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.  
History, Development and Organizational Structure 
JPMorganChase is a leading financial services firm based in the United States, with operations worldwide. 
JPMorganChase is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial 
banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, 
JPMorganChase serves millions of customers, predominantly in the United States, and many of the world’s most 
prominent corporate, institutional and government clients globally. 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a financial holding company and was incorporated under Delaware law on October 28, 
1968 with file number 0691011. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s principal bank subsidiary is JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 
a national banking association with U.S. branches in 48 states and Washington, D.C. The bank and non-bank 
subsidiaries of JPMorganChase operate throughout the United States as well as through overseas branches and 
subsidiaries, representative offices and subsidiary foreign banks. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s principal non-bank 
subsidiary is J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, a U.S. broker-dealer. JPMorganChase’s principal operating subsidiaries 
outside the United States are J.P. Morgan Securities plc and J.P. Morgan SE, which are subsidiaries of JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A. and are based in the UK and Germany, respectively.  
The principal executive office of JPMorgan Chase & Co. is located at 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 
10179, U.S.A. and its telephone number is +1-212-270-6000. 
Principal Activities  
For management reporting purposes, JPMorganChase’s activities are organized into three major reportable business 
segments, as well as a Corporate segment. JPMorganChase’s consumer business is the Consumer & Community 
Banking segment. JPMorganChase’s wholesale business segments are the Commercial & Investment Bank and Asset 
& Wealth Management. The following is a description of each of JPMorganChase’s business segments, and the 
products and services they provide to their respective client bases.  
Consumer & Community Banking 
Consumer & Community Banking offers products and services to consumers and small businesses through bank 
branches, automated teller machines, digital (including mobile and online) and telephone banking. Consumer & 
Community Banking is organized into Banking & Wealth Management (including Consumer Banking, J.P. Morgan 
Wealth Management and Business Banking), Home Lending (including Home Lending Production, Home Lending 
Servicing and Real Estate Portfolios) and Card Services & Auto. Banking & Wealth Management offers deposit, 
investment and lending products, cash management, payments and services. Home Lending includes mortgage 
origination and servicing activities, as well as portfolios consisting of residential mortgages and home equity loans. 
Card Services issues credit cards and offers travel services. Auto originates and services auto loans and leases. 
Commercial & Investment Bank  
The Commercial & Investment Bank comprises the Banking & Payments and Markets & Securities Services 
businesses. These businesses offer investment banking, lending, payments, market-making, financing, custody and 
securities products and services to a global base of corporate and institutional clients. Banking & Payments offers 
products and services in all major capital markets, including advising on corporate strategy and structure, capital-
raising in equity and debt markets, and loan origination and syndication. Banking & Payments also provides services 
that enable clients to manage payments globally across liquidity and account solutions, commerce solutions, clearing,

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
trade, and working capital. Markets & Securities Services includes Markets, which is a global market-maker across 
products, including cash and derivative instruments, and also offers sophisticated risk management solutions, lending, 
prime brokerage, clearing and research. Markets & Securities Services also includes Securities Services, a leading 
global custodian that provides custody, fund services, liquidity and trading services, and data solutions products. 
Asset & Wealth Management 
Asset & Wealth Management, with client assets of $5.4 trillion, is a global leader in investment and wealth 
management.  
Asset Management offers multi-asset investment management solutions across equities, fixed income, alternatives 
and money market funds to institutional and retail investors providing for a broad range of clients’ investment needs.  
Global Private Bank provides retirement products and services, brokerage, custody, estate planning, lending, deposits 
and investment management to high net worth clients. The majority of Asset & Wealth Management’s client assets 
are in actively managed portfolios. 
In addition to the three major reportable business segments outlined above, the following is a description of the 
Corporate segment. 
Corporate  
The Corporate segment consists of Treasury and Chief Investment Office and Other Corporate. Treasury and Chief 
Investment Office is predominantly responsible for measuring, monitoring, reporting and managing JPMorganChase’s 
liquidity, funding, capital, structural interest rate and foreign exchange risks.  
Other Corporate includes staff functions and expense that is centrally managed as well as certain initiatives and 
activities not solely aligned to a specific line of business. The major Other Corporate functions include Real Estate, 
Technology, Legal, Corporate Finance, Human Resources, Internal Audit, Risk Management, Compliance, Control 
Management, Corporate Responsibility and various Other Corporate groups. 
Executive Officers and Directors 
Executive Officers  
The following persons are the Executive Officers of JPMorgan Chase & Co. as at the date of this Prospectus. The 
business address of each Executive Officer is 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179, U.S.A. 
Name 
Title 
James Dimon
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Ashley Bacon
Chief Risk Officer
Jeremy Barnum
Chief Financial Officer
Lori A. Beer
Chief Information Officer
Mary Callahan Erdoes
Chief Executive Officer of Asset & Wealth Management
Stacey Friedman
General Counsel
Marianne Lake
Chief Executive Officer of Consumer & Community Banking
Robin Leopold
Head of Human Resources
Jennifer A. Piepszak
Co-Chief Executive Officer of Commercial & Investment Bank
Daniel E. Pinto
President and Chief Operating Officer
Troy L. Rohrbaugh
Co-Chief Executive Officer of Commercial & Investment Bank

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Directors 
The following persons are the members of the Board of Directors of JPMorgan Chase & Co. as at the date of this 
Prospectus. The business address of each Director is JPMorgan Chase & Co., 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New 
York 10179, U.S.A. 
Name 
 
Principal Occupation 
 
James Dimon
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Linda B. Bammann
Retired Deputy Head of Risk Management of JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Stephen B. Burke
Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NBCUniversal, LLC
Todd A. Combs 
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of GEICO and Investment 
Officer at Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
Alicia Boler Davis  
Chief Executive Officer of Alto Pharmacy, LLC  
Alex Gorsky
Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson
Mellody Hobson
Co-Chief Executive Officer and President of Ariel Investments, LLC
Phebe N. Novakovic
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of General Dynamics Corporation
Virginia M. Rometty 
Retired Executive Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of 
International Business Machines Corporation
Mark A. Weinberger
Retired Global Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ernst & Young LLP
 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to JPMorgan Chase & Co. of each of the Executive 
Officers and Directors named above and his/her private interests and/or other duties. 
For information concerning other positions held by the Directors of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and concerning 
JPMorganChase’s policies and procedures for reviewing and approving transactions with its Directors and Executive 
Officers, see “Director nominees” on pages 11-15, “Policies and procedures for approval of related party transactions” 
on page 31 and “Transactions with directors, executive officers and 5% shareholders” on pages 31-32 of the JPMorgan 
Chase & Co. 2024 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
Corporate governance 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. is not directly or indirectly controlled by any person. For a description of JPMorganChase’s 
corporate governance practices, see “Corporate Governance” on pages 16-33 of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2024 
Proxy Statement, which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
Financial Information 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. prepares annual and quarterly financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In addition, 
where applicable, the accounting and financial reporting policies of JPMorganChase conform to the accounting and 
reporting guidelines prescribed by U.S. bank regulatory authorities. 
Credit Ratings  
As of the date of this Prospectus, JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s long-term senior unsecured debt is rated A- by S&P, A1 
by Moody’s and AA- by Fitch, and JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s subordinated debt is rated BBB+ by S&P, A3 by 
Moody’s and A by Fitch. Credit ratings may be adjusted over time, and there is no assurance that these credit ratings 
will be effective after the date of this Prospectus. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any 
Notes.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.  
History, Development and Organizational Structure 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is the principal bank subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase & Co.  JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
offers a wide range of banking services to its U.S. and non-U.S. customers, including investment banking, financial 
services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset 
management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. serves millions of customers, 
predominantly in the United States, and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government 
clients globally. 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is a national banking association organized under U.S. federal law. JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. was initially organized as a New York banking corporation on November 26, 1968, and converted into a 
national banking association on November 13, 2004. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is chartered and its business is 
subject to examination and regulation by the OCC, a bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. is a member of the U.S. Federal Reserve System and its U.S. domestic deposits are insured by the FDIC.  
Its U.S. Federal Reserve Bank Identification Number is 852218. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s principal operating 
subsidiaries outside the United States are J.P. Morgan Securities plc and J.P. Morgan SE, which are based in the UK 
and Germany, respectively. 
The registered office of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is located at 1111 Polaris Parkway, Columbus, Ohio 43240, 
U.S.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s principal place of business is located at 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New 
York 10179, U.S.A., and its telephone number is +1 212 270 6000. 
Principal Activities  
JPMorganChase Bank’s activities are organized and integrated with the businesses of JPMorganChase. See 
“JPMorgan Chase & Co. — Principal Activities” for further information. 
Executive Officers and Directors 
Executive Officers 
The following persons are the Executive Officers of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as at the date of this Prospectus. 
The business address of each Executive Officer is 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179, U.S.A. 
Name 
Title 
James Dimon
Chief Executive Officer and President
Ashley Bacon
Chief Risk Officer
Jeremy Barnum
Chief Financial Officer
Lori A. Beer
Chief Information Officer
Mary Callahan Erdoes
Chief Executive Officer of Asset & Wealth Management
Stacey Friedman
General Counsel
Marianne Lake
Chief Executive Officer of Consumer & Community Banking
Robin Leopold
Head of Human Resources
Jennifer A. Piepszak
Co-Chief Executive Officer of Commercial & Investment Bank
Daniel E. Pinto
Chief Operating Officer
Troy L. Rohrbaugh
Co-Chief Executive Officer of Commercial & Investment Bank

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
Directors 
The following persons are the members of the Board of Directors of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as at the date of this 
Prospectus. The business address of each Director is JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 383 Madison Avenue, New York, 
New York 10179, U.S.A.  
Name 
 
Principal Occupation 
 
James Dimon
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Linda B. Bammann
Retired Deputy Head of Risk Management of JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Stephen B. Burke
Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NBCUniversal, LLC
Todd A. Combs 
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of GEICO and Investment 
Officer at Berkshire Hathaway Inc. 
Alicia Boler Davis
Chief Executive Officer of Alto Pharmacy, LLC
Alex Gorsky
Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson
Mellody Hobson
Co-Chief Executive Officer and President of Ariel Investments, LLC
Phebe N. Novakovic
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of General Dynamics Corporation
Virginia M. Rometty 
Retired Executive Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of 
International Business Machines Corporation
Mark A. Weinberger
Retired Global Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ernst & Young LLP
          *Mr. Burke serves as the Non-Executive Chairman of the Board. 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. of each of the Executive 
Officers and Directors named above and his/her private interests and/or other duties. 
For information concerning other positions held by the non-executive Directors of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and 
concerning JPMorganChase’s policies and procedures for reviewing and approving transactions with its Directors and 
Executive Officers, see “Director nominees” on pages 11-15, “Policies and procedures for approval of related party 
transactions” on page 31 and “Transactions with directors, executive officers and 5% shareholders” on pages 31-32 
of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2024 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
Corporate governance 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is a wholly owned banking subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase & Co. For a description of 
JPMorganChase’s corporate governance practices, see “Corporate Governance” on pages 16-33 of the JPMorgan 
Chase & Co. 2024 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
Financial Information 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. prepares annual and semiannual consolidated financial statements in accordance with 
U.S. GAAP.  In addition, where applicable, the accounting and financial reporting policies of JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. conform to the accounting and reporting guidelines prescribed by U.S. bank regulatory authorities.  
Credit Ratings  
As of the date of this Prospectus, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s long-term senior unsecured debt is rated A+ by S&P, 
Aa2 by Moody’s and AA by Fitch, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s subordinated debt is rated A- by S&P, Aa3 by 
Moody’s and A+ by Fitch. Credit ratings may be adjusted over time, and there is no assurance that these credit ratings 
will be effective after the date of this Prospectus. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any 
Notes.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
TAXATION OF THE NOTES  
United States Federal Income Taxation 
The following is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of the 
Notes by Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below) that hold Notes as capital assets within the meaning of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). This discussion is based on the Code, administrative 
pronouncements, judicial decisions and final, temporary and proposed Treasury regulations as of the date of this 
document, changes to any of which, subsequent to the date hereof, may affect the tax consequences described herein, 
possibly with retroactive effect. 
For purposes of the following discussion, you are a “Non-U.S. Holder” if, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, you 
are a beneficial owner of a Note that is: 
 
a nonresident alien individual; 
 
a foreign corporation; or 
 
a foreign estate or trust. 
You are not a “Non-U.S. Holder” for purposes of this discussion if you are an individual who is present in the United 
States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of disposition, if you are a former citizen or former resident of the 
United States, or if your income with respect to a Note is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business 
in the United States. In these circumstances, you should consult your own tax adviser regarding the U.S. federal 
income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of a Note. 
At the time of the relevant offering, we may seek an opinion of counsel regarding the tax consequences of owning and 
disposing of the Notes. The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may indicate whether such an opinion has 
been obtained and any special U.S. federal income tax considerations that may apply to a particular offering of Notes. 
This discussion does not address the U.S. tax consequences of owning and disposing of Notes that are not indebtedness 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and assumes the relevant Series of Notes will constitute indebtedness for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may discuss the treatment of Notes 
that might not be indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Payments on the Notes 
Except as otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and subject to the discussion below 
under “FATCA,” payments of principal and interest (including original issue discount, if any) on the Notes to you 
will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax, provided that, in the case of interest: 
 
you do not own, actually or constructively, 10 per cent. or more of the total combined voting power of all 
classes of stock of the Issuer entitled to vote; 
 
you are not a controlled foreign corporation related, directly or indirectly, to the Issuer through stock 
ownership;  
 
the interest is not considered contingent interest under Section 871(h)(4)(A) of the Code and the Treasury 
regulations thereunder; and

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
 
you certify on the applicable properly executed Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) Form W-8 (or applicable 
successor form) under penalties of perjury, that you are not a United States person. 
If one of the requirements described above is not satisfied, payments of interest on the Notes to you will generally be 
subject to withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent., or a lower rate specified by an applicable treaty. 
Sale or Other Taxable Disposition of the Notes 
Subject to the discussion below under “FATCA,” you generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income or 
withholding tax on gain realized on a sale, redemption or other taxable disposition of Notes, although any amounts 
attributable to accrued interest will be treated as described above under “Payments on the Notes.” 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
Information returns are required to be filed with the IRS in connection with payments of interest (including original 
issue discount, if any) on the Notes. Unless you comply with certification procedures to establish that you are not a 
United States person, information returns may also be filed with the IRS in connection with the proceeds from a sale 
or other disposition of a Note. You may be subject to backup withholding on payments on the Notes or on the proceeds 
from a sale or other disposition of the Notes unless you comply with certification procedures to establish that you are 
not a United States person or otherwise establish an exemption. If you comply with the certification procedures 
required to claim the exemption from withholding tax on interest described above, you will establish an exemption 
from backup withholding as well. 
Amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not additional taxes, and may be refunded or credited 
against your U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
FATCA 
Legislation commonly referred to as “FATCA,” and regulations promulgated thereunder, generally will impose a 30 
per cent. withholding tax on interest payments to certain foreign entities (including financial intermediaries) with 
respect to debt instruments such as the Notes, unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence 
requirements have been satisfied. An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and an applicable 
foreign country may modify these requirements. This regime could also apply to the payment on your Notes at 
maturity, as well as to gross proceeds of any sale or other disposition of a Note, although under proposed regulations 
(the preamble to which specifies that taxpayers are permitted to rely on them pending finalization), no withholding 
will apply to payments of gross proceeds. If FATCA withholding is required, the Issuer will not be required to pay 
any additional amounts with respect to any amounts so withheld. If FATCA withholding is imposed, and you are not 
a nonparticipating foreign financial institution, you generally will be entitled to a refund of any amounts withheld by 
filing a U.S. federal income tax return (which may entail significant administrative burden). You should consult your 
tax adviser regarding the effects of FATCA on your investment in the Notes. 
United Kingdom Taxation  
The following is a summary of certain United Kingdom taxation issues at the date hereof in relation to payments of 
principal and interest in respect of the Notes. 
The comments set out below do not deal with other United Kingdom tax aspects of acquiring, holding or disposing of 
Notes. The comments are based on the assumption that the relevant Issuer will not merge or consolidate with, or sell

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
or convey substantially all of its assets to any other corporation [whether pursuant to Condition 11 of the Notes or 
otherwise]1. 
The comments relate only to the position of persons who are absolute beneficial owners of the Notes. Prospective 
Noteholders should be aware that the particular terms of issue of any series of Notes as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms may affect the tax treatment of that and other series of Notes. 
The following is a general guide and should be treated with appropriate caution. Noteholders who are in any 
doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional advisors. 
Noteholders who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom in respect of their 
acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes are particularly advised to consult their professional advisors as to 
whether they are so liable (and if so under the laws of which jurisdictions), since the following comments relate only 
to certain United Kingdom taxation aspects of payments in respect of the Notes. In particular, Noteholders should be 
aware that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of other jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the 
Notes even if such payments may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation under the 
laws of the United Kingdom. 
United Kingdom Withholding Tax 
Interest on Notes may be paid by the relevant Issuer without withholding or deduction for or on account of United 
Kingdom income tax except in any particular circumstances which cause such interest to have a UK source (“UK 
Interest”). For example, interest on Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. acting through its London branch or 
interest secured on assets situated in the United Kingdom may have a United Kingdom source. 
Payments of UK Interest may be made free of withholding tax so long as at least one of the exemptions set out below 
applies. 
(i) 
Where an Issuer is a “bank” within the meaning of section 991 Income Tax Act 2007 (the “Act”) it is entitled 
to make payments of UK Interest on the Notes without deduction or withholding for or on account of United 
Kingdom income tax provided that the UK Interest on the Notes is paid in the ordinary course of its business. 
(ii) 
Payments of UK Interest made in respect of Notes which carry a right to interest and are listed on a 
“recognized stock exchange” within the meaning of section 1005 of the Act or are admitted to trading on a 
multilateral trading facility operated by a regulated recognized stock exchange within the meaning of Section 
987 of the Act may also be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom 
income tax. 
Section 1005(3) of the Act provides that securities will be listed on a recognized stock exchange if (and only 
if) they are admitted to trading on that exchange, and either they are included in the United Kingdom official 
list (within the meaning of Part 6 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”)) or they are 
officially listed, in accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in EEA states, in 
a country outside the United Kingdom in which there is a recognized stock exchange. The list of stock 
exchanges designated as recognized stock exchanges for the purpose of section 1005 and published by H.M. 
Revenue & Customs includes Euronext Dublin; both securities listed on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market 
 
1  Only applicable where JPMorganChase is the Issuer.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
and securities listed on the Global Exchange Market operated and regulated by Euronext Dublin are treated 
as listed on a recognized stock exchange. 
In addition, UK Interest on Notes issued for a term of less than one year (and which are not issued under arrangements 
the effect of which is to render the Notes part of a borrowing with a total term of one year or more) may be paid by 
the relevant Issuer without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax. 
UK Interest on Notes with a term of one year or more which do not qualify for any of the above exemptions will 
generally be paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.), subject to 
any direction to the contrary by H.M. Revenue & Customs under the provisions of an applicable double taxation treaty 
or any other applicable exemptions or reliefs. 
If Notes are issued at a discount to their principal amount, any such discount element is not subject to any United 
Kingdom withholding tax. If Notes are redeemed at a premium to principal amount (as opposed to being issued at a 
discount) then, depending on the circumstances, such premium may constitute a payment of interest for United 
Kingdom tax purposes and hence be subject to the same United Kingdom withholding tax rules outlined above as 
applicable to interest payments on such Notes. 
The references to “interest” above mean “interest” as understood in United Kingdom tax law. The statements above 
do not take any account of any different definitions of “interest” or “principal” which may prevail under any other law 
or which may be created by the terms and conditions of the Notes or any related documentation. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On February 14, 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a Directive 
for a common financial transactions tax (“FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”).  However, Estonia has since stated that it will 
not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred to in Article 
5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party 
is a financial institution and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution 
may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including 
(a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument 
which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may therefore 
be altered prior to any implementation. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
CERTAIN ERISA MATTERS 
The Notes may, subject to certain legal restrictions, be held by (i) an “employee benefit plan” (as defined in Section 
3(3) of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”)) that is subject to Title I 
of ERISA, (ii) a “plan” as defined in Section 4975 of the Code, that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code, including 
an individual retirement account or arrangement, (iii) a plan, account, fund, program or other arrangement that is 
subject to provisions under other U.S. or non-U.S. federal, state, local, or other laws or regulations that are similar to  
the fiduciary responsibility or prohibited transaction provisions of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code 
(collectively, “Similar Laws”) and (iv) an entity whose underlying assets are considered to include “plan assets” of 
any such employee benefit plan, plan, account, fund, program or arrangement (each of the foregoing described in 
clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) being referred to as a “Plan”). A fiduciary of any Plan must determine that the purchase, 
holding and disposition of the Notes or an interest in the Notes is consistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable 
law and will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code, or a violation under any applicable Similar Laws.  
General Fiduciary Matters 
ERISA and the Code impose certain duties on persons who are fiduciaries of a Plan subject to Title I of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code (an “ERISA Plan”) and prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of an ERISA Plan 
and its fiduciaries or other interested parties. Under ERISA and the Code, any person who exercises authority or 
control over the management or disposition of the assets of an ERISA Plan, or who renders investment advice for a 
fee or other compensation, direct or indirect, with respect to the assets of an ERISA Plan, is generally considered to 
be a fiduciary of the ERISA Plan. 
In considering an investment in the Notes of a portion of the assets of any Plan, a Plan fiduciary should determine 
whether the investment is in accordance with the documents and instruments governing the Plan and the applicable 
provisions of ERISA, the Code or any Similar Laws relating to a fiduciary’s duties to the Plan including, without 
limitation, the prudence, diversification, delegation of control and prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA, the 
Code and any other applicable Similar Laws. 
Prohibited Transaction Issues 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit ERISA Plans from engaging in specified transactions 
involving plan assets with persons or entities who are “parties in interest,” within the meaning of ERISA, or 
“disqualified persons,” within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code, unless an exemption is available.  As a result 
of the nature of the Issuers’ business, the Issuers and their current and future affiliates may be parties in interest or 
disqualified persons with respect many ERISA Plans. A party in interest or disqualified person who engages in a non-
exempt prohibited transaction with an ERISA Plan may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities 
under ERISA and the Code. In addition, the fiduciary of the ERISA Plan that engages in such a non-exempt prohibited 
transaction may be subject to penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code. For example, the acquisition and/or 
holding of Notes by an ERISA Plan with respect to which an Issuer or one of its affiliates is considered a party in 
interest or a disqualified person may constitute or result in a direct or indirect prohibited transaction under Section 
406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code, unless the Notes are acquired and is held in accordance with an 
applicable statutory, class or individual prohibited transaction exemption. 
In this regard, the U.S. Department of Labor has issued prohibited transaction class exemptions, or “PTCEs,” that may 
provide exemptive relief for direct or indirect prohibited transactions resulting from the acquisition or holding of the 
Notes. These class exemptions include, without limitation, PTCE 84-14 respecting transactions determined by 
independent qualified professional asset managers, PTCE 90-1 respecting insurance company pooled separate 
accounts, PTCE 91-38 respecting bank collective investment funds, PTCE 95-60 respecting life insurance company 
general accounts, and PTCE 96-23 respecting transactions determined by in-house asset managers. In addition, Section

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code provide relief from the prohibited transaction provisions 
of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, respectively, for certain transactions between an ERISA Plan and a person 
that is a party in interest or disqualified person solely by reason of providing services to the ERISA Plan or a 
relationship with such a service provider, provided that, among other things, neither the person transacting with the 
ERISA Plan nor any of its affiliates has or exercises any discretionary authority or control or renders any investment 
advice with respect to the assets of the ERISA Plan involved in the transaction and provided further that the ERISA 
Plan pays no more and receives no less than adequate consideration in connection with the transaction. There can be 
no assurance that any of the foregoing exemptions or any other exemption will be available, or that all of the conditions 
of any such exemptions will be satisfied, with respect to transactions involving the Notes. 
Investor Representations 
Because of the foregoing, by acceptance of a Note, each purchaser and subsequent transferee of a Note (or any interest 
therein) will be deemed to have represented and warranted that either (i) no portion of the assets used by such purchaser 
or transferee to acquire or hold the Notes (or any interest therein) constitutes assets of any Plan or (ii) the acquisition,  
holding and subsequent disposition of the Notes (or any interest therein) by such holder or transferee will not constitute 
or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation 
under any applicable Similar Laws. 
Due to the complexity of these rules and the penalties that may be imposed upon persons involved in non-exempt 
prohibited transactions, it is particularly important that fiduciaries or other persons considering acquiring the Notes 
(or any interest therein) on behalf of, or with the assets of, any Plan, consult with their counsel regarding the potential 
applicability of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code and any applicable Similar Laws to such investment, and whether 
an exemption therefrom would be applicable to the acquisition and holding of the Notes (or any interest therein). The 
sale of Notes to a Plan is in no respect a representation by the Issuers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates 
that such an investment meets all relevant legal requirements with respect to investments by Plans generally or any 
particular Plan or that such an investment is appropriate for Plans generally or any particular Plan. Neither this 
discussion nor anything provided in this Prospectus is or is intended to be investment advice directed at any potential 
Plan purchaser or at Plan purchasers generally and such purchasers of the Notes should consult and rely on their own 
counsel and advisers as to whether an investment in the Notes is suitable.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in the Amended and Restated Program Agreement dated October 
4, 2024 (the “Program Agreement”), between the Issuers and J.P. Morgan Securities plc as Arranger and Dealer, the 
Notes will be offered from time to time by the Issuers to the Permanent Dealer(s). However, each of the Issuers has 
reserved the right to issue Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers and who agree 
to be bound by the restrictions below. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, 
at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer(s). The Notes may also be sold by each of the Issuers 
through the Dealer(s), acting as agents of the relevant Issuer. The Program Agreement also provides for Notes to be 
issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
Each of the Issuers will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between the relevant Issuer and the Dealer 
in respect of Notes subscribed by it. Each of the Issuers has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred 
in connection with the update of the Program and the Dealer(s) for certain of their activities in connection with the 
Program. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Each of the Issuers has agreed to indemnify the Dealer(s) against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Program Agreement entitles the Dealer(s) to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the relevant Issuer. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes will be offered in “offshore 
transactions” (within the meaning of Regulation S) outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in accordance with 
Regulation S. 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a Category 2 issuer for the purposes of Regulation S. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is a 
Category 3 issuer for the purposes of Regulation S. The Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in accordance 
with Regulation S are being offered and sold in reliance upon an exemption provided in Section 3(a)(2) of the 
Securities Act, have not been registered with the OCC and are being offered and sold only outside the United States 
in compliance with Regulation S (as such Regulation is incorporated into the regulations of the OCC pursuant to 12 
C.F.R. Section 16.5(g)). Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Program Agreement, it will not offer or sell Notes of any 
identifiable Tranche (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the 
distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the Dealer, by the Agent, or in the case of Notes issued on 
a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Accordingly, neither the Dealers, their affiliates (if any) nor any person acting on their behalf have engaged or will 
engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Notes, and the Dealers, their affiliates (if any) and any person 
acting on their behalf have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S (in 
the case of Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as they are incorporated into the OCC’s regulations by 12 
C.F.R. Section 16.5(g)). 
In addition, until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are 
a part, an offer or sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering 
of such Tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
By purchasing Notes of any Tranche, holders will be deemed to have represented that they are not an affiliate (as 
defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act) of the applicable Issuer, that they are not acting on behalf of the 
applicable Issuer and that they are not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) or purchasing such Notes for the 
account or benefit of a U.S. person, other than a distributor, and they are purchasing such Notes in an “offshore 
transaction” in accordance with Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has further agreed that it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes of any identifiable Tranche 
pursuant to Regulation S during the Resale Restriction Period (as defined below) a confirmation or other notice 
substantially to the following effect: 
As to Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co., “The Notes covered hereby have not been and are not required to be 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise 
transferred in the absence of such registration or unless such transaction is exempt from, or not subject to, such 
registration. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States in compliance with Regulation S 
promulgated under the Securities Act. The Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred within the United 
States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time, or (ii) until 40 days 
after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which those Notes are a part, as determined and 
certified to the Dealers or, in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, by the Agent, except 
in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S.” 
As to Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., “The Notes covered hereby have not been and are not required to 
be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. In addition, the Notes covered hereby have 
not been registered under the regulations of the U.S. Comptroller of the Currency (“Comptroller’s Regulations”) 
relating to securities offerings by national banks (12 C.F.R. Part 16). The Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise 
transferred in the absence of such registration or unless such transaction is exempt from, or not subject to, such 
registration. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States in compliance with Regulation S, as such 
Regulation is incorporated into the Comptroller’s Regulations by 12 C.F.R. Section 16.5(g). The Notes may not be 
offered, sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time, or (ii) until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of this Tranche of 
Notes, as determined and certified to each relevant Dealer or, in the case of a syndicated issue, the Lead Manager, by 
the Agent, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act, as such Regulation is 
incorporated into the Comptroller’s Regulations by 12 C.F.R. Section 16.5(g). Terms used above have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S.”  
The restrictions on resale set forth in the two immediately preceding paragraphs will apply from the applicable 
issuance date of Notes issued in accordance with Regulation S by the relevant Issuer until the date that is 40 days after 
the later of the applicable issuance date and when such Notes or any predecessor of such Notes are first offered to 
persons other than distributors (as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation S (the “Resale 
Restriction Period”). 
In the case of any Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in accordance with Regulation S during the Resale 
Restriction Period, beneficial interests in such Notes will be represented by a Temporary Global Note. After the Resale 
Restriction Period ends, beneficial interests in such temporary global certificate may be exchanged for beneficial 
interests in a Permanent Global Note upon certification that those interests are owned by non-U.S. persons.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
This Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuers for use in connection with the offer and sale of Notes outside the 
United States. Each of the Issuers reserves the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes issued by such Issuer, in 
whole or in part, for any reason, and each of the Dealers reserves the right to reject any offer to purchase any of the 
Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States or to any U.S. person. Distribution of this Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any 
U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, other than those persons, if any, retained to advise such 
non-U.S. person with respect thereto, is unauthorized and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the 
relevant Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, other than those 
persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person, is prohibited. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision, 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in 
the EEA except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the EEA: 
(1)  
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(2)  
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(3)  
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (1) to (3) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” 
in relation to any Notes in any member state of the EEA means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended or superseded). 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision, 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in 
the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(1)  
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(2)  
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 
the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(3)  
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (1) to (3) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in 
relation to any Notes in the UK means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the 
Notes, and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(1) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons (i) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or (ii) who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue 
of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer; 
(2) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer; and 
(3) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Italy 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a)  to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) (“Qualified Investors”), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended from time to time (the “Financial Services Act”) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on offers of securities to be made to the public pursuant 
to Article 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 34-ter, first paragraph, of CONSOB Regulation 
No. 11971 of May 14, 1999.  
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes in the Republic of Italy or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) and (b) above must be: 
(i) made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic 
of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of February 15, 2018 (as 
amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993, as amended from time to time 
(the “Banking Act”); and 
(ii)  in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of 
Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption from the rules 
on public offerings applies, Notes which are initially offered and placed in Italy or abroad to professional investors 
only but in the following year are “systemically” distributed on the secondary market in Italy become subject to the 
public offer and prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 
11971/1999. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and 
in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the investors. 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold in Canada on a private placement basis only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions 
or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and who are not individuals, unless such individuals are permitted 
clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable Canadian securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission 
or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment hereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the 
remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities 
legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the 
securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal 
advisor. 
Australia 
This Prospectus has not been and no prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 
(Cth) of Australia (the “Corporations Act”)) in relation to the Program or the Notes has been or will be, lodged with 
the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”) and no recommendation to acquire, no invitation to 
apply for, no offer to apply for or buy, no offer to arrange the issue or sale of, nor any offer for issue or sale of, any 
securities in Australia, will be made except as set out below. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that unless the applicable Final Terms (or another supplement to this 
Prospectus) otherwise provides, it: 
(a) has not made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer of the Notes for issue or sale in Australia (including 
an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any information memorandum or any other 
offering material or advertisement in relation to any Notes in Australia,  
unless: 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or its equivalent in an alternate 
currency, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates); 
(ii) the offer or invitation does not otherwise require disclosure to investors under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the 
Corporations Act; 
(iii) the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a “retail client” as defined for the purposes of section 
761G and 761GA of the Corporations Act; 
(iv) such action complies with any other applicable laws, regulations or directives in Australia; and 
(v) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or any other regulatory authority in 
Australia.  
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered pursuant to Article 4, Paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Law of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
none of the Notes nor any interest therein may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit, of any Japanese person or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese 
person except under circumstances which will result in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines 
promulgated by the relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant time. For 
this purpose, a “Japanese person” means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organized under the laws of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(1) 
it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 
571) of Hong Kong) (the “Securities and Futures Ordinance”) other than (i) to “professional investors” within 
the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies 
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute 
an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and  
(2) 
it has not issued, or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue, or have in its possession 
for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document 
relating to the Notes which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the 
public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to 
Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional 
investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that 
Ordinance. 
Singapore 
This Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and, accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the 
SFA. 
South Africa 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not and will not offer or solicit any offers for sale or subscription 
or sell any Notes, in each case except in accordance with the South African exchange control regulations, the South 
African Companies Act, 2008, the South African Banks Act, 1990, the South African Exchange Control Regulations, 
1961, promulgated pursuant to the South African Currency and Exchanges Act, 1933 and/or any other applicable laws 
and regulations of South Africa in force from time to time.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
Prior to the issue of any Notes under the Program, each Dealer who has (or will have) agreed to place those Notes will 
be required to represent and agree that it will not make an “offer to the public” (as such expression is defined in the 
South African Companies Act, 2008, and which expression includes any section of the public) of Notes (whether for 
subscription, purchase or sale) in South Africa. This Prospectus does not, nor is it intended to, constitute a solicitation 
for investments from members of the public in terms of the Collective Investment Schemes Control Act, 45 of 2002 
(as amended) nor a prospectus prepared and registered under the South African Companies Act, 71 of 2008. 
Offers not deemed to be offers to the public 
Offers for subscription for, or sale of, Notes are not deemed to be offers to the public if: 
(a) 
made only to certain investors contemplated in section 96(1)(a) of the South African Companies Act, 2008; 
or 
(b) 
the total contemplated acquisition cost of Notes, for any single addressee acting as principal, is equal to or 
greater than ZAR 1,000,000, or such higher amount as may be promulgated by notice in the Government 
Gazette of South Africa pursuant to section 96(2)(a) of the South African Companies Act, 2008. 
Information made available in this Prospectus should not be considered “advice” as defined in the South African 
Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, 2002. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the relevant Issuer and the Dealer(s) following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms issued in 
respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final 
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge and belief, comply with all applicable securities laws, 
regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes this Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuers nor 
any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may provide services to, JPMorgan Chase & Co., the JPMorganChase 
Group, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the JPMorganChase Bank Group in the ordinary course of business. J.P. 
Morgan Securities plc, the Arranger and a Dealer, is an affiliate of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. and, as such, may be deemed to have a potential conflict of interest as an affiliate of the Issuers in connection 
with an offering of Notes.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of : (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement [Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded)/[the Insurance Distribution Directive], where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by [Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended]/[the PRIIPs Regulation] as it forms part of 
domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2 
 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET: 
 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER’S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, THE 
TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES HAS LED TO THE CONCLUSION THAT: 
 
(A)  
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE NOTES IS ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL 
CLIENTS ONLY, EACH AS DEFINED IN DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU (AS AMENDED, “MIFID II”); AND 
 
(B)  
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE NOTES TO ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE. 
 
ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE NOTES (A 
“DISTRIBUTOR”) SHOULD TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE MANUFACTURER’S TARGET MARKET 
ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO MIFID II IS RESPONSIBLE FOR 
UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES (BY EITHER 
ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURER’S TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND 
DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER’S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, THE 
TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES HAS LED TO THE CONCLUSION THAT:  
 
 
1 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”. 
2 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
(A) 
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE NOTES IS ONLY ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES, AS DEFINED 
IN THE FCA HANDBOOK CONDUCT OF BUSINESS SOURCEBOOK (“COBS”), AND 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS, AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART 
OF DOMESTIC LAW IN THE UK BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 
2018 (“UK MIFIR”); AND  
 
(B) 
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE NOTES TO ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE. 
 
ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE NOTES (A 
“DISTRIBUTOR”) SHOULD TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE MANUFACTURER’S TARGET MARKET 
ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO THE FCA HANDBOOK PRODUCT 
INTERVENTION AND PRODUCT GOVERNANCE SOURCEBOOK (THE “UK MIFIR PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE RULES”) IS RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET 
ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE 
MANUFACTURER’S 
TARGET 
MARKET 
ASSESSMENT) 
AND 
DETERMINING 
APPROPRIATE 
DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as amended from 
time to time, the “SFA”) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products][prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and are [Specified][Excluded] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]3 
  
 
 
3 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms in the limited circumstances that the relevant Issuer needs to make a determination.

--- Page 117 ---
Final Terms 
 
[JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. LOGO] 
 
[JPMORGAN CHASE & CO./ 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION] 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[8I5DZWZKVSZI1NUHU748/7H6GLXDRUGQFU57RNE97] 
 
[Title of Relevant Series] 
issued pursuant to 
 
[U.S.$65,000,000,000/U.S.$25,000,000,000] 
Euro Medium Term Note Program 
 
SERIES NO: [       ] 
TRANCHE NO: [       ] 
[Brief Description and Amount of Notes] 
 
Issue Price: [        ] per cent. 
--------------- 
 
[Name(s) of Manager(s) / Dealer(s)] 
 
The date of these Final Terms is [     ]

--- Page 118 ---
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated October 4, 2024 [(the “Base Prospectus”) and the Prospectus Supplement[s] dated [   ] (the 
“Prospectus Supplement[s]” and, together with the Base Prospectus, the “Prospectus”)] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with such Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus 
[and the Prospectus Supplement[s]] [has][have] been published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/ and copies may be obtained from [   ].  
 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Prospectus with an earlier date. 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated [original date] [and the Prospectus Supplement[s] dated [   ]]. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Prospectus dated [current date] [and the Prospectus Supplement[s] dated [   ]], which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The Conditions shall be the terms and 
conditions of the Notes as set out in the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” of the Prospectus dated 
[original date] which are incorporated by reference into the Prospectus dated [current date]. Full information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Prospectus dated [current date] [and the Prospectus Supplement[s]dated [   ]]. The Prospectus [and the Prospectus 
Supplement[s]] [has][have] been published on the website of Euronext Dublin https://live.euronext.com/ and copies 
may be obtained from [   ].] 
 
1.
Issuer:
[JPMorgan Chase & Co./JPMorgan Chase
Bank, National Association]
2.
[(i)]   Series Number:
[        ]
[(ii)   Tranche Number:
[        ]]
[(iii)  Date on which the Notes become fungible:]
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated to form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [        ] on [        ][which is expected to occur on or 
about [        ].]
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[        ]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes:
[(i)]   Series:
[        ]
[(ii)   Tranche:
[        ]]
5.
Issue Price:
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [        ] ]
6.
(i)     Specified Denominations:
[        ]
(ii)    Calculation Amount:
[        ]
7.
(i)     Issue Date:
[        ] 
(ii)    Interest Commencement Date:
[[
]/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8.
Maturity Date:
[        ]
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate] [[ 
] +/- [   ] per cent. Floating 
Rate] [Zero Coupon]
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] per 
cent. of their Nominal Amount.
11.
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment Basis:
[[
]/Not Applicable] 
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put]/[Issuer Call]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
13.
Status of the Notes:
[Senior/[Dated/Perpetual]/Subordinated] 
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable 
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)     Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[   ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / semi-annually /
quarterly / monthly] in arrear on each Interest Payment Date]
(ii)     Interest Payment Date(s):
[        ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [        ] /not 
adjusted]
(iii)   Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[        ] per Calculation Amount
(iv)   Broken Amount(s):
[  ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [  ]
(v)    Day Count Fraction:
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 360/360 / 30E/360 / Actual/Actual Canadian 
Compound Method / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
 
(vi)   Determination Dates: 
[[        ] in each year ][Not Applicable] 
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)     Interest Period(s):
[        ]
(ii)    Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[[        ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in 15(v) below]
(iii)   First Interest Payment Date:
[        ]
(iv)   Interest Period Date:
[        ]
(v)    Business Day Convention:
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]
(vi)   Business Center(s):
[        ]
(vii)   Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/[
]]
(viii)  Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):
[        ]
(ix)   Screen Rate Determination:
 
— Reference Rate: 
[[    ] month] [BBSW/Compounded Daily €STR/Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA/CORRA 
Compounded 
Index/Daily 
Compounded CORRA/EURIBOR/HIBOR/HIHD/JIBAR/ 
NIBOR/SONIA/SONIA Compounded Index/STIBOR/ 
TIBOR/Weighted Average €STR/Weighted Average SONIA]
— Interest Determination Date(s):
[        ]4
— Relevant Screen Page:
[        ]
— Relevant Time:
[        ]/[As per the Conditions]
(x)    Margin(s):
[+/-][        ] per cent. per annum
(xi)   Minimum Rate of Interest:
[        ] per cent. per annum
(xii)   Maximum Rate of Interest:
[        ] per cent. per annum
(xiii)  Day Count Fraction:
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 360/360 / 30E/360 / Actual/Actual Canadian 
Compound Method / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
(xiv)  Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable. The Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation].
(xv)  Alternative [CAD] Fallback:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
4 To be at least 2 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA Compounded Index, or 5 Business 
Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA, Compounded Daily SONIA, Weighted Average SONIA, 
Compounded Daily €STR or Weighted Average €STR, unless otherwise agreed with the Agent.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
(xvi) Observation Look-back Period:
[[] London Banking Days for purposes of Observation Period 
which is the Applicable Period][2 Toronto Banking 
Days]/[Not Applicable]5 
[(for purposes of SONIAi-pLBD “p” is [0] London Banking 
Days)]
(xvii) Observation Method:
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation 
Shift/Payment 
Delay]/[Not 
Applicable]
(xviii) Rate Cut-off Date:
[The date falling [] [London Banking Days/Business Days][2 
Toronto Banking Days] prior to the Maturity Date or the date 
fixed for redemption, as applicable]6/[Not Applicable]
(xix) SONIA Index Determination Dates:
[SONIA Index Start: […] London Banking Days
SONIA Index End: […] London Banking Days]7/ 
[Not Applicable]
16.
Reset Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)     Initial Rate of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear (on each Interest 
Payment Date) 
(ii)     Interest Payment Date(s)
[] [and []] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
[in each case, adjusted in accordance with [        ]] 
(iii)     Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv)     Broken Amount(s)
[[] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) falling [in/on] []]/[Not Applicable] 
(v)     Reset Reference Rate
[Mid-Swap Rate] [and] [Reset Reference Bond Rate/U.S. 
Treasury Rate] [as the fallback Reset Reference Rate to the 
Mid-Swap Rate] 
(vi)     First Reset Date
[] [adjusted in accordance with [        ]] 
(vii)     Day Count Fraction
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[30E/360]/[30E/36
0 (ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method]/ 
[Eurobond Basis] 
(viii)    Subsequent Reset Date(s)
[[] [and []] [adjusted in accordance with [        ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(ix)     Mid-Swap Rate
[Single 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Mean 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Not 
Applicable] 
(a) [Mid-Swap Maturity
[]] 
(b) [Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate 
[BBSW/Compounded 
Daily 
€STR/Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA/CORRA Compounded Index/Daily Compounded 
CORRA/ EURIBOR/HIBOR/HIHD/JIBAR/NIBOR/SONIA/ 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index/STIBOR/TIBOR/Weighted 
Average €STR/Weighted Average SONIA]] 
 
5 The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest Determination 
Date. Only applicable where “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is selected as the Observation Method; otherwise select “Not Applicable”. 
6 Used where “Payment Delay” is selected as the Observation Method. The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business Days before the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, unless otherwise agreed with the Agent. 
7 Only applicable where the Reference Rate is SONIA Compounded Index.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
(c) [Relevant Screen Page 
[]] 
(d) [First Margin 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(e) [Subsequent Margin 
[[+/-][] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]] 
(x)    Reset Reference Bond Rate 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[Applicable as fallback]
(a) [Reset Reference Bond 
[]] 
 
(b) [First Margin 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(c) [Subsequent Margin 
[[+/-][] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]] 
(xi)    U.S. Treasury Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[Applicable as fallback] 
(a) [First Margin 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(b) [Subsequent Margin 
[[+/-][] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]] 
(xii)    Reset Reference Banks
[] 
(xiii)   Reset Determination Dates
[] 
(xiv)   Minimum Rate of Interest
[] per cent. per annum 
(xv)    Maximum Rate of Interest
[] per cent. per annum 
(xvi)   Additional Business Center(s)
[Not Applicable]/[] 
 
(xvii)  Reset Determination Time 
[] 
17.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i)     Amortization Yield:
[        ] per cent. per annum
(ii)     Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 360/360 / 30E/360 / Actual/Actual Canadian 
Compound Method / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
Provisions Relating to Redemption
18.
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
(A)    Redemption At Optional Redemption 
Amount (Issuer Call Option)
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i)     Optional Redemption Date(s):
[        ]
(ii)    Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note:
[        ] per Calculation Amount
(iii)   If redeemable in part:
(a)  Minimum Redemption Amount:
[[Not Applicable]/[        ] per Calculation Amount]
(b)  Maximum Redemption Amount:
[[Not Applicable]/[        ] per Calculation Amount]
(iv)   Notice period (if different from that set out in 
the Conditions):
[        ]
(v)   Issuer’s Option Period:
[        ]
(B)   Redemption At Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)    Optional Redemption Date(s):
[        ]
(ii)   Make-Whole Redemption Amount:

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
(a) Discounted to the Optional Redemption Date
(b)   Reference Bond: 
        Redemption Margin:  
        Quotation Time:  
       Quotation Jurisdiction:
on [a/an][annual][semi-annual][quarterly][other] basis
[        ] 
[        ] 
[        ] 
[        ]
(c)  Day Count Basis
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 360/360 / 30E/360 / Actual/Actual Canadian 
Compound Method / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
(d)  Make-Whole Exemption Period:
[Not Applicable]/[From (and including) [        ] to (but 
excluding) [        ]/the Maturity Date]
(iii)  Notice period (if different from that set out in 
the Conditions):
[        ]
(iv)  Issuer’s Option Period:
[        ]
(v)   Spread for Canada Yield Price:
[+/-][] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]
19.
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholder 
(Put Option)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[(i)     Optional Redemption Date(s):
[        ]]
[(ii)    Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s):
[        ] per Calculation Amount]
[(iii)   Notice period (if different from that set out 
in the Conditions):
[        ]]
[(iv) Noteholders’ Option Period:
[        ]]
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note
[       ] per Calculation Amount
21.
Early Redemption Amount
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption:
[[Yes, as set out in the Conditions/[        ] per Calculation 
Amount] 
General Provisions Applicable to the Notes: 
22.
Form of Notes:
[Temporary Global Note in registered form exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note in registered form which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes represented by Certificates 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
[Permanent Global Note in registered form, which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes represented by Certificates 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note]
 
 
[The Global Notes will be registered in the name of a 
[nominee]/[common safekeeper]/[depositary] for [Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/[CDS 
Clearing 
and 
Depository Services Inc.]] 
23.
NSS (New Safekeeping Structure)
[Yes] [No]
24.
Financial Center(s):
[Not Applicable]/[        ]
25.
Redenomination, renominalization and 
reconventioning provisions:
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 6(b) apply]
26.
Consolidation provisions:
[Not Applicable/[        ]
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: ---------------------------------------------------- 
Duly authorized

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1.
Listing and Admission to Trading
(i)   Admission to trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin and trading on its regulated 
market with effect from [        ].] 
[Not Applicable.]
(ii)  Estimate of total expenses related to
[        ]
admission to trading:
2.
Ratings
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to 
be] rated as follows:]
 
 
[S&P: [        ]] [Moody’s: [        ]] [Fitch: [        ]] 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated.] 
 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
 
Option 1: CRA is (i) established in the EU, and (ii) 
registered under the CRA Regulation: 
 
[Insert name of rating agency providing rating] is 
established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
“CRA Regulation”).  
 
Option 2: CRA is (i) established in the EU, (ii) not 
registered under the CRA Regulation; but (iii) has 
applied for registration: 
 
[Insert name of rating agency providing rating] is 
established in the EU and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “CRA Regulation”), although notification of the 
registration decision has not yet been provided. 
 
Option 3: CRA is not established in the EU but the 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is 
established 
and 
registered 
under 
the 
CRA 
Regulation: 
 
[Insert name of rating agency providing rating] is 
not established in the EU but the rating it has given 
to the Notes is endorsed by [insert name of 
registered rating agency], which is established in 
the EU and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). 
 
Option 4: CRA is not established in the EU and the 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA 
Regulation, but the CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation: 
 
[Insert name of rating agency providing rating] is 
not established in the EU but is certified under

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
“CRA Regulation”). 
 
Option 5: CRA is neither established in the EU nor 
certified under the CRA Regulation and the relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the CRA Regulation: 
 
[Insert name of rating agency providing rating] is 
not established in the EU and is not certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
“CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency.
 
3.
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the [Issue/Offer]
Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the 
Notes has an interest material to the offer.] [The Manager(s) and their affiliates have engaged, and may in future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.]] 
4.
Reasons for the offer, Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expenses
 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds: 
[General corporate purposes.] [Green Bond Issue.] 
[Social Bond Issue.] [Sustainability Bond Issue.] 
[        ]
Estimated net proceeds:
[        ]
[Estimated total expenses:
[        ]]
5.
[Fixed Rate Notes only — Yield
 
Indication of yield:
[        ] per cent. per annum. The yield is calculated as 
of the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is 
not an indication of future yield.] 
6.
Operational Information
Trade Date:
[      ]
ISIN Code:
[        ]
Common Code:
[        ]
Clearing system(s) and the relevant identification 
number(s):
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV][Clearstream Banking, 
S.A.] [CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc.]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying Agent(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent):
[        ] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[        ]
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this 
text for Registered Notes which are to be held under

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
the NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper , and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper.  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognized as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]
7.
Distribution
 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Category [2]/[3] 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Additional Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable]/[   ]] 
If syndicated, names of Managers and underwriting 
commitments, and names of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers:
[Not Applicable]/[   ]
[Stabilizing Manager(s) (if any):
[   ]]
If non-syndicated, name and address of Dealer:
[   ]
 
 
 
8. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]. As at the date hereof, [administrator 
legal name] [appears]/[does not appear] in the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. [As far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such 
that [administrator legal name] is not currently 
required to obtain authorization/registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]8 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of : (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement [Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded)/[the Insurance Distribution Directive], where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by [Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended]/[the PRIIPs Regulation] as it forms part of 
domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]9 
 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET: 
 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER’S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, THE 
TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES HAS LED TO THE CONCLUSION THAT: 
 
(A)  
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE NOTES IS ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL 
CLIENTS ONLY, EACH AS DEFINED IN DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU (AS AMENDED, “MIFID II”); AND 
 
(B)  
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE NOTES TO ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE. 
 
ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE NOTES (A 
“DISTRIBUTOR”) SHOULD TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE MANUFACTURER’S TARGET MARKET 
ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO MIFID II IS RESPONSIBLE FOR 
UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES (BY EITHER 
ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURER’S TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND 
DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER’S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, THE 
TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES HAS LED TO THE CONCLUSION THAT:  
 
8 Legend to be included on the front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no “key information 
document” will be prepared or the relevant Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the item 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” should be specified as “Applicable”. 
9 Legend to be included on the front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no “key information 
document” will be prepared or the relevant Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the item 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” should be specified as “Applicable”.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
 
(A) 
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE NOTES IS ONLY ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES, AS DEFINED 
IN THE FCA HANDBOOK CONDUCT OF BUSINESS SOURCEBOOK (“COBS”), AND 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS, AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART 
OF DOMESTIC LAW IN THE UK BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 
2018 (“UK MIFIR”); AND  
 
(B) 
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE NOTES TO ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE. 
 
ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE NOTES (A 
“DISTRIBUTOR”) SHOULD TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE MANUFACTURER’S TARGET MARKET 
ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO THE FCA HANDBOOK PRODUCT 
INTERVENTION AND PRODUCT GOVERNANCE SOURCEBOOK (THE “UK MIFIR PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE RULES”) IS RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET 
ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE 
MANUFACTURER’S 
TARGET 
MARKET 
ASSESSMENT) 
AND 
DETERMINING 
APPROPRIATE 
DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as amended from 
time to time, the “SFA”) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products][prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and are [Specified][Excluded] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]10 
  
 
 
10 Legend to be included on the front of the Pricing Supplement in the limited circumstances that the relevant Issuer needs to make a determination.

--- Page 128 ---
Pricing Supplement 
 
[JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. LOGO] 
 
[JPMORGAN CHASE & CO./ 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION] 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[8I5DZWZKVSZI1NUHU748/7H6GLXDRUGQFU57RNE97] 
 
[Title of Relevant Series] 
issued pursuant to 
 
[U.S.$65,000,000,000/U.S.$25,000,000,000] 
Euro Medium Term Note Program 
 
SERIES NO: [       ] 
TRANCHE NO: [       ] 
[Brief Description and Amount of Notes] 
 
Issue Price: [        ] per cent. 
--------------- 
 
[Name(s) of Manager(s) / Dealer(s)] 
 
The date of this Pricing Supplement is [     ]

--- Page 129 ---
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms used herein 
shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated October 
4, 2024 [(the “Base Prospectus”) and the Prospectus Supplement[s] dated [   ] (the “Prospectus Supplement[s]” and, 
together with the Base Prospectus, the “Prospectus”)]. This Pricing Supplement must be read in conjunction with such 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Prospectus. [The Base Prospectus [and the Prospectus 
Supplement[s]] (including all documents incorporated by reference) [is] [are] available in electronic form on Euronext 
Dublin’s website at https://live.euronext.com/.] 
 
Neither this Pricing Supplement nor the Prospectus constitutes a “prospectus” for the purposes of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded from time to time, the “Prospectus Regulation”), and the 
Pricing Supplement and the Prospectus have been prepared on the basis that no prospectus shall be required under the 
Prospectus Regulation in relation to any Notes (as described below) to be offered and sold hereby. Any person making 
or intending to make an offer to the public of the Notes in any Member State may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer[s] or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation 
to such offer. Neither the Issuer[s] nor any Dealer has authorized, nor do they authorize, the making of any offer of 
Notes in any other circumstances. 
 
[[The Issuer will apply to Euronext Dublin for admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and 
trading on its Global Exchange Market] [The Issuer will apply to [name of listing authority] for admission of the Notes 
to [specify list] and to the [name of stock exchange] for admission of the Notes to [trading/quotation] on [specify 
exchange or quotation system]], subject to meeting the applicable admission requirements. [Euronext Dublin/name of 
stock exchange] assumes no responsibility for the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports 
contained in this document. Admission to [the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on its Global Exchange 
Market] is not to be taken as an indication of the merits of the Issuer or the Notes.] 
 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Prospectus with an earlier date. 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated [original date][and the Prospectus Supplement[s] dated [   ]]. This document constitutes the Pricing 
Supplement relating to the issue of Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 
[current date] [and the Prospectus Supplement[s] dated [    ]]. The Conditions shall be the terms and conditions of the 
Notes as set out in the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” of the Prospectus dated [original date] 
which are incorporated by reference into the Prospectus dated [current date]. Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Prospectus 
dated [current date] [and the Prospectus Supplement[s] dated [    ]]. The Prospectus [and the Prospectus Supplement[s]] 
(including all documents incorporated by reference) [is] [are] available in electronic form on Euronext Dublin’s 
website at https://live.euronext.com/.]  
 
1.
Issuer:
[JPMorgan Chase & Co./JPMorgan Chase
Bank, National Association]
2.
[(i)]   Series Number:
[        ]
[(ii)   Tranche Number:
[        ]]
 
[(iii)  Date on which the Notes become fungible:] 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated to form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [        ] on [        ][which is expected to occur on or 
about [        ].]
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[        ]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes:
[(i)]   Series:
[        ]
[(ii)   Tranche:
[        ]]
5.
Issue Price:
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [        ] ]

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
6.
(i)     Specified Denominations:
[        ]
(ii)    Calculation Amount:
[        ]
7.
(i)     Issue Date:
[        ] 
(ii)    Interest Commencement Date:
[[
]/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8.
Maturity Date:
[        ]
9.
Interest Basis:
[[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate] [[
] +/-  [   ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] [Zero Coupon]
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] per 
cent. of their Nominal Amount.
11.
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment Basis:
[[
]/Not Applicable] 
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put]/[Issuer Call]/[Not Applicable]
13.
Status of the Notes:
[Senior/[Dated/Perpetual]/Subordinated] 
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable 
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)     Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[   ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / semi-annually /
quarterly / monthly] in arrear on each Interest Payment Date]
(ii)     Interest Payment Date(s):
[       ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [        ] /not 
adjusted]
(iii)   Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[        ] per Calculation Amount
(iv)   Broken Amount(s):
[  ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [  ]
 
(v)    Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 360/360 / 30E/360 / Actual/Actual Canadian 
Compound Method / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
(vi)   Determination Dates:
[[        ] in each year ][Not Applicable]
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)     Interest Period(s):
[        ]
(ii)    Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[[        ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in 15(v) below]
(iii)   First Interest Payment Date:
[        ]
(iv)   Interest Period Date:
[        ]
(v)    Business Day Convention:
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]
(vi)   Business Center(s):
[        ]
(vii)   Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/[
]]
(viii)  Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):
[        ]
(ix)   Screen Rate Determination:
— Reference Rate:
[[    ] month] [BBSW/Compounded Daily €STR/Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA/CORRA 
Compounded 
Index/Daily 
Compounded CORRA/ EURIBOR/HIBOR/HIHD/JIBAR/ 
NIBOR/SONIA/SONIA Compounded Index/STIBOR/ 
TIBOR/Weighted Average €STR/Weighted Average SONIA]

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
— Interest Determination Date(s):
[        ]11
— Relevant Screen Page:
[        ]
— Relevant Time:
[        ]/[As per the Conditions]
(x)    Margin(s):
[+/-][        ] per cent. per annum
(xi)   Minimum Rate of Interest:
[        ] per cent. per annum
(xii)   Maximum Rate of Interest:
[        ] per cent. per annum
(xiii)  Day Count Fraction:
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 360/360 / 30E/360 / Actual/Actual Canadian 
Compound Method / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
(xiv)  Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable. The Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation].
(xv)  Alternative [CAD] Fallback:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(xvi) Observation Look-back Period:
[[] London Banking Days for purposes of Observation Period 
which is the Applicable Period][2 Toronto Banking 
Days]/[Not Applicable]12 
[(for purposes of SONIAi-pLBD “p” is [0] London Banking 
Days)] 
(xvii) Observation Method:
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation 
Shift/Payment 
Delay]/[Not 
Applicable]
(xviii) Rate Cut-off Date:
[The date falling [] [London Banking Days/Business Days] 
[2 Toronto Banking Days] prior to the Maturity Date or the 
date fixed for redemption, as applicable]13/[Not Applicable]
 
(xix) SONIA Index Determination Dates: 
[SONIA Index Start: […] London Banking Days 
SONIA Index End: […] London Banking Days]14/ 
[Not Applicable]
16.
Reset Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)     Initial Rate of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear (on each Interest 
Payment Date) 
(ii)     Interest Payment Date(s)
[] [and []] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
[in each case, adjusted in accordance with [        ]] 
(iii)     Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv)     Broken Amount(s)
[[] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) falling [in/on] []]/[Not Applicable] 
(v)    Reset Reference Rate
[Mid-Swap Rate] [and] [Reset Reference Bond Rate/U.S. 
Treasury Rate] [as the fallback Reset Reference Rate to the 
Mid-Swap Rate] 
(vi)     First Reset Date
[][adjusted in accordance with [        ]] 
(vii)     Day Count Fraction
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[30E/360]/[30E/36
0 (ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method]/ 
[Eurobond Basis] 
 
11 To be at least 2 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA Compounded Index, or 5 
Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA, Compounded Daily SONIA, Weighted Average 
SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR or Weighted Average €STR, unless otherwise agreed with the Agent. 
12 The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest Determination 
Date. Only applicable where “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is selected as the Observation Method; otherwise select “Not Applicable”. 
13 Used where “Payment Delay” is selected as the Observation Method. The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business Days before the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, unless otherwise agreed with the Agent. 
14 Only applicable where the Reference Rate is SONIA Compounded Index.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
(viii)     Subsequent Reset Date(s)
[[] [and []][adjusted in accordance with [        ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ix)     Mid-Swap Rate 
[Single 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Mean 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Not 
Applicable] 
(a) [Mid-Swap Maturity
[]] 
(b)
[Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate 
[BBSW/Compounded 
Daily 
€STR/Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA/CORRA Compounded Index Daily/Compounded 
CORRA/ EURIBOR/HIBOR/HIHD/JIBAR/NIBOR/SONIA/ 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index/STIBOR/TIBOR/Weighted 
Average €STR/Weighted Average SONIA]] 
(c) [Relevant Screen Page
[]] 
 
(d) [First Margin
[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(e) [Subsequent Margin
[[+/-][] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]] 
(x)     Reset Reference Bond Rate 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[Applicable as fallback] 
(a) [Reset Reference Bond
[]] 
(b) [First Margin
[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(c) [Subsequent Margin
[[+/-][] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]] 
(xi)    U.S. Treasury Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[Applicable as fallback] 
 
(a) [First Margin 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(b) [Subsequent Margin 
[[+/-][] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]] 
(xii)    Reset Reference Banks
[] 
(xiii)   Reset Determination Dates
[] 
(xiv)   Minimum Rate of Interest
[] per cent. per annum 
(xv)    Maximum Rate of Interest
[] per cent. per annum 
(xvi)   Additional Business Center(s)
[Not Applicable]/[] 
(xvii)  Reset Determination Time
[] 
17.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i)     Amortization Yield:
[        ] per cent. per annum
(ii)     Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 360/360 / 30E/360 / Actual/Actual Canadian 
Compound Method / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
Provisions Relating to Redemption
18.
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
(A)    Redemption At Optional Redemption 
Amount (Issuer Call Option)
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i)     Optional Redemption Date(s):
[        ]

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
(ii)    Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note:
[        ] per Calculation Amount
(iii)   If redeemable in part:
(a)  Minimum Redemption Amount:
[[Not Applicable]/[        ] per Calculation Amount]
(b)  Maximum Redemption Amount:
[[Not Applicable]/[        ] per Calculation Amount]
(iv)   Notice period (if different from that set out in 
the Conditions):
[        ]
(v)   Issuer’s Option Period:
[        ]
(B)   Redemption At Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)    Optional Redemption Date(s):
[        ]
(ii)   Make-Whole Redemption Amount:
(a) Discounted to the Optional Redemption Date
(b)   Reference Bond: 
        Redemption Margin:  
        Quotation Time:  
       Quotation Jurisdiction:
on [a/an][annual][semi-annual][quarterly][other] basis
[        ] 
[        ] 
[        ] 
[        ]
(c)  Day Count Basis
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 360/360 / 30E/360 / Actual/Actual Canadian 
Compound Method / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
(d)  Make-Whole Exemption Period:
[Not Applicable]/[From (and including) [        ] to (but 
excluding) [        ]/the Maturity Date]
 
(iii)  Notice period (if different from that set out in 
the Conditions):
 
[        ]
(iv)  Issuer’s Option Period:
[        ]
(v)   Spread for Canada Yield Price:
[+/-][] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]
19.
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholder 
(Put Option)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[(i)     Optional Redemption Date(s):
[        ]]
[(ii)    Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s):
[        ] per Calculation Amount]
[(iii)   Notice period (if different from that set out 
in the Conditions):
[        ]]
[(iv) Noteholders’ Option Period:
[        ]]
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note
[       ] per Calculation Amount
21.
Early Redemption Amount
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption:
[[Yes, as set out in the Conditions/[        ] per Calculation 
Amount] 
General Provisions Applicable to the Notes: 
22.
Form of Notes:
[Temporary Global Note in registered form exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note in registered form which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes represented by Certificates 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
[Permanent Global Note in registered form, which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes represented by Certificates 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note]
 
 
[The Global Notes will be registered in the name of a 
[nominee]/[common safekeeper]/[depositary] for [Euroclear

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/[CDS 
Clearing 
and 
Depository Services Inc.]]
23.
NSS (New Safekeeping Structure)
[Yes] [No]
24.
Financial Center(s):
[Not Applicable]/[        ]
25.
Redenomination, renominalization and 
reconventioning provisions:
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 6(b) apply]
26.
Consolidation provisions:
[Not Applicable/[        ]
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
By: ---------------------------------------------------- 
Duly authorized

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1.
Listing and Admission to Trading
(i)   Admission to trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin and trading on its Global 
Exchange Market with effect from [        ].] 
[Not Applicable.]
(ii)  Estimate of total expenses related to
[        ]
admission to trading:
2.
Ratings
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to 
be] rated as follows:]
 
 
[S&P: [        ]] [Moody’s: [        ]] [Fitch: [        ]] 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated.]
 
3.
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the [Issue/Offer]
Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the 
Notes has an interest material to the offer.] [The Manager(s) and their affiliates have engaged, and may in future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.]]  
4.
Reasons for the offer
  
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds: 
[General corporate purposes.] [Green Bond Issue.] 
[Social Bond Issue.] [Sustainability Bond Issue.] 
[        ]
5.
[Fixed Rate Notes only — Yield
Indication of yield:
[        ] per cent. per annum. The yield is calculated as 
of the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is 
not an indication of future yield.] 
6.
Operational Information
Trade Date:
[        ]
ISIN Code:
[        ]
Common Code:
[        ]
Clearing system(s) and the relevant identification 
number(s):
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV][Clearstream Banking, 
S.A.] [CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc.]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of initial Paying Agent(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent):
[        ]
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[        ] 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this 
text for Registered Notes which are to be held under 
the NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral for

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper , and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper.  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognized as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]
6.
Distribution
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
Reg. S Category [2]/[3]
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]
[Additional Selling Restrictions:
[Not Applicable]/[   ]]
If syndicated, names of Managers and underwriting 
commitments, and names of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers:
[Not Applicable]/[   ]
[Stabilizing Manager(s) (if any):
[   ]]
If non-syndicated, name and address of Dealer:
[   ]
 
 
7. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]. As at the date hereof, [administrator 
legal name] [appears]/[does not appear] in the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. [As far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such 
that [administrator legal name] is not currently 
required to obtain authorization/registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
It is expected that admission of the Notes to the Official List and admission of the Notes to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin and on GEM will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject 
only to the issue of a Global Note or one or more Certificates in respect of each Tranche. The regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. GEM is not a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II. The listing of the Program in respect of the Notes on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin and on GEM is expected to be granted on or about October 4, 2024. 
 
2. 
For so long as Notes are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin or on GEM, the following documents will be available from the date hereof in 
physical or electronic form (at www.sec.gov, https://live.euronext.com or www.jpmchase.com), during usual 
business hours on any weekday, for inspection at the offices of the Paying Agent in London, England and the 
Paying Agent in Luxembourg: (a) the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of JPMorgan Chase & Co., as 
amended; (b) the By-Laws of JPMorgan Chase & Co.; (c) the Amended and Restated Articles of Association 
of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.; (d) the By-Laws of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.; (e) each of the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus; (f) the Agency Agreement (incorporating the forms of the 
Temporary Global, Permanent Global and Definitive Notes); (g) this Prospectus and each Final Terms and 
other supplements to this Prospectus; (h) the Consolidated Financial Statements of JPMorgan Chase & Co. as 
at December 31, 2023 and 2022; and (i) the Consolidated Financial Statements of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
as at December 31, 2023 and 2022. This Prospectus and any Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Official 
List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and/or on GEM and other supplements 
to this Prospectus can also be viewed on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/. 
 
3. 
The financial statements incorporated in this Prospectus by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 and for each of the three years in the period ended 
December 31, 2023, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 
2023, have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, 
as stated in their report incorporated herein. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP is an independent registered public 
accounting firm within the meaning of the applicable rules and regulations adopted by the Public Company 
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the “PCAOB”). PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP is registered with 
the PCAOB. 
 
4. 
With respect to the unaudited financial information of JPMorgan Chase & Co. for the three-month periods 
ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 and for the three-month and six-month periods ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP reported that they have applied 
limited procedures in accordance with professional standards for a review of such information. However, their 
separate reports dated May 1, 2024 and August 2, 2024 incorporated by reference herein states that they did 
not audit and they do not express an opinion on that unaudited financial information. Accordingly, the degree 
of reliance on their report on such information should be restricted in light of the limited nature of the review 
procedures applied. 
 
5. 
The financial statements of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 and for each of 
the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, have been 
audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent auditors, as stated in their report incorporated herein. 
 
6. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP reported that they have applied limited procedures in accordance with 
professional standards for a review of the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. as at June 30, 2024 and for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus.  However, their separate report dated August 2, 2024, which is contained on page 
88 of such unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, states that they did not audit and they do not express 
an opinion on the unaudited financial information. Accordingly, the degree of reliance on their reports on such 
information should be restricted in light of the limited nature of the review procedures applied.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
7. 
The updating of the Program, the aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be issued under the Program 
and the authority to issue Notes under the Program were approved or ratified pursuant to resolutions adopted 
by (a) the Board of Directors of JPMorgan Chase & Co. on April 18, 2017 and by the Borrowings Committee 
of JPMorgan Chase & Co. on October 3, 2024 and (b) the Board of Directors of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
on April 18, 2017 and by the Borrowings Committee of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. on October 3, 2024.  
 
8. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of (a) JPMorgan Chase & Co. or the 
JPMorganChase Group or (b) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or the JPMorganChase Bank Group since 
December 31, 2023. 
 
9. 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position or financial performance of 
(a) JPMorgan Chase & Co. or the JPMorganChase Group or (b) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or the 
JPMorganChase Bank Group since June 30, 2024, the most recent date as of which JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., respectively, have published unaudited interim consolidated financial 
information. 
 
10. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which JPMorgan Chase & Co. is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of 
this Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or 
profitability of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and/or its subsidiaries, in each case except as disclosed in “Note 24 – 
Litigation” to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of JPMorgan Chase & Co. as at and for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2024 contained in the JPMorgan Chase & Co. June 2024 Form 10-Q incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus. 
 
11. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is aware) during the 12 months preceding the 
date of this Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial 
position or profitability of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and/or its subsidiaries, in each case except as disclosed 
in “Note 24 – Litigation” to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
as at June 30, 2023 and for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 incorporated by reference 
in this Prospectus. 
 
12. 
Neither Issuer is party to any material contracts that are entered into outside the ordinary course of its business 
that could result in such Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement material to such Issuer’s ability to meet 
its obligations under any Notes. 
 
13. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each 
Tranche based on then prevailing market conditions. Neither Issuer intends to provide any post-issuance 
information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
 
14. 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
 
15. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems. 
The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and details of any other agreed clearance system will be contained in the applicable Final Terms. 
Transactions will normally be effected for settlement not earlier than three days after the date of the transaction. 
 
16. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. Notes denominated in Canadian 
dollars may be accepted for clearance through CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc., whose address is 
100 Adelaide Street West, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M5H 1S3. The address of any other alternative clearing 
system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
17. 
No websites that are cited or referred to in this Prospectus shall be deemed to form part of, or to be incorporated 
by reference into, this Prospectus. 
 
18. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuers and their 
respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade 
debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for 
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of an Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with an Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to such Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Program. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Program. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views 
in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the avoidance of doubt, the term “affiliates” 
also includes parent companies.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
 
PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF
PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF
JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
383 Madison Avenue
1111 Polaris Parkway
New York, New York 10179, U.S.A.
Columbus, Ohio 43240, U.S.A.
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
To the Issuers 
U.S. Law 
 
Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 
450 Lexington Avenue 
New York, New York 10017, U.S.A. 
To the Dealer(s)
To the Dealer(s)
U.S. Law
English Law
Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
CityPoint
CityPoint
One Ropemaker Street
One Ropemaker Street
London EC2Y 9HR
London EC2Y 9SS
United Kingdom
United Kingdom
 
 
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. 
AND INDEPENDENT AUDITOR FOR JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
300 Madison Avenue 
New York, New York 10017, U.S.A. 
 
 
PRINCIPAL ISSUING, PAYING AND TRANSFER AGENT 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London  EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
 
CALCULATION AGENT 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London  EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR AND PAYING AND TRANSFER AGENT 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch 
Vertigo Building - Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
 
Matheson LLP 
Riverside II  
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland