--- Page 1 ---
Prospectus 
 
 
JYSKE BANK A/S 
(incorporated as a public limited company in Denmark) 
U.S.$8,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
On 22 December 1997, the Issuer (as defined below) entered into a U.S.$1,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”). This document supersedes the 
Prospectus dated 18 May 2021 and any previous Prospectus and/or Offering Circular. Any Notes (as defined below) issued under the Programme on or after the date of this 
Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described herein. This Prospectus does not affect any Notes issued before the date of this Prospectus. 
Under the Programme, Jyske Bank A/S (the “Issuer”, “Jyske Bank” or the “Bank”) may from time to time issue notes (the ”Notes”), which may be (i) preferred senior notes 
(“Preferred Senior Notes”), (ii) non-preferred senior notes (“Non-Preferred Senior Notes”), (iii) subordinated and, on issue, constituting Tier 2 Capital (as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Notes other than VPS Notes (the “Conditions”) or the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes (the “VPS Conditions”), as the case may be) 
(“Subordinated Notes”) or (iv) subordinated and, on issue, constituting Additional Tier 1 Capital (as defined in the Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the case may be) 
(“Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes”) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). Notes may be denominated in any currency (including euro) agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$8,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described herein), subject to any increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified on page 8 and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, 
which appointment may be for a specific issue of Notes or on an ongoing basis (each, a “Dealer” and together, the “Dealers”). References in this Prospectus to the “relevant 
Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by one or more Dealers, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes. The Issuer has 
reserved the right to issue Notes to persons other than Dealers. 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). The Central Bank of Ireland only 
approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the “Regulated Market”) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) or on another regulated market in the European Economic Area for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”) and/or that 
are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to the official 
list of Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market. The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. References 
in this Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market.  
This Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II in the European Economic Area. The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notice of: (i) the aggregate principal amount of; (ii) interest (if any) payable in respect of; (iii) the issue price of; and (iv) certain other information which is applicable to, the 
Notes of each Tranche (as defined in the Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the case may be, below) will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will 
be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin (if listed on Euronext Dublin). Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will 
also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. 
The Notes of each Tranche in bearer form will initially be represented by a temporary global Note in bearer form or a permanent global Note in bearer form (together, the “Global 
Notes”). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form they will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of 
the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”). Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s (as 
defined in the Conditions) entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series (as defined in the Conditions). Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by registered 
global certificates (“Global Certificates”). If a Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the “NSS”) the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to 
the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic 
Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS will be deposited on the issue date thereof with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearance system specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Common Depositary”). Each temporary global Note will 
be exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, for either a permanent global Note or Notes in definitive form, in each case upon certification as to non-US beneficial 
ownership as required by US Treasury regulations. A permanent global Note will be exchangeable for definitive Notes in limited circumstances, all as further described in 
“Summary of Provisions relating to Notes while in Global Form” herein. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, Notes may also be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form, settled through VP Securities A/S (the “VP”) (the 
“VP Notes”) or, as the case may be, the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, the Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) (“Euronext VPS”) (the 
“VPS Notes”). For the purposes of this Prospectus, where the context so permits, “Noteholder” shall include “VPS Noteholders” (as defined in the VPS Conditions) and “Notes” 
shall include “VPS Notes”. 
For the purposes of Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”), the credit ratings included or referred to in this Prospectus 
have been issued by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. Tranches of Notes to 
be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Prospectus. 
Arranger 
J.P. Morgan 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
Danske Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Jyske Bank A/S 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Nordea 
Dated 10 May 2022

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for 
the purposes of giving information with regard to the Issuer together with its consolidated subsidiaries (the “Jyske 
Bank Group” or the “Group”) and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, 
is necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the 
reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. When used in this Prospectus, “Prospectus Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”). 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and the Final Terms for each 
Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information 
contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Prospectus refers does not form part 
of this Prospectus. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers and the Arranger accepts any responsibility for the 
contents of this Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer 
or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer 
accordingly disclaim all and any liability, whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to 
above), which it might otherwise have in respect of this Prospectus or any such statement. The Arranger and the 
Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers will verify or monitor the application of the proceeds of 
any Green Bonds (as defined below) issued under this Programme. 
The minimum specified denomination of the Notes issued under this Programme shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes), or, in the case of VP Notes only, all trades 
in the Notes as well as the initial subscription for the Notes shall be in a minimum amount of €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
be considered as a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that 
any recipient of this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any 
Notes constitutes an offer by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to 
purchase any Notes. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. 
The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this document may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may 
be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, 
or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a 
public offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this 
Prospectus or any Notes come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, 
there are restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the 
European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and Japan (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 1933, as amended, (the 
“Securities Act”) and, in the case of Notes in bearer form, are subject to US tax law requirements. Subject to 
certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to US persons (see 
“Subscription and Sale”). 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: (i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make 
a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; (ii) have 
access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; (iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies; (iv) understand thoroughly the terms 
of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; and (v) be 
able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate 
and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. Some Notes issued 
under the Programme may be complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased by investors 
as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has 
the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will 
have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of 
the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Managers) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
All references in this document to “U.S.$” and “US dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of 
America, those to “Sterling” and “GBP” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, those to “DKK” are 
to the lawful currency of Denmark, those to “NOK” are to the lawful currency of Norway, those to “CHF” are to 
the lawful currency of Switzerland and those to “euro”, “EUR” or “€” are to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union (as amended from time to time).

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
In this Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a reference 
to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU 
Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable 
Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of 
public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend titled “MiFID II product governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET  
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
SECTION 309B NOTIFICATION 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes, in connection with Section 309B 
of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time 
to time  (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore 
(the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme are classified as prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined 
in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).  
ONTARIO PERMITTED INVESTORS 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited 
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities 
Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided 
that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the 
securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable 
provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or 
consult with a legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a 
non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the 
Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts 
of interest in connection with the offering of any Notes. 
IMPORTANT – EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these 
purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
RESTRICTIONS ON MARKETING AND SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS  
OF ADDITIONAL TIER 1 CAPITAL NOTES 
1. 
The Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes discussed in the Prospectus are complex financial instruments. They 
are not a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors, especially retail investors. In some 
jurisdictions, regulatory authorities have adopted or published laws, regulations or guidance with respect 
to the offer or sale of securities such as the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. Potential investors in the 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes should inform themselves of, and comply with, any applicable laws, 
regulations or regulatory guidance with respect to any resale of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes (or 
any beneficial interests therein). 
2.           (a) 
In the United Kingdom, the FCA Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) requires, in 
summary, that the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes should not be offered or sold to retail clients 
(as defined in COBS 3.4 and each a “retail client”) in the United Kingdom. 
(b) 
Certain of the Dealers are required to comply with COBS. 
(c) 
By purchasing, or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes 
(or a beneficial interest in such Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) from the Issuer and/or the 
Dealers (acting as Dealers), each prospective investor represents, warrants, agrees with and 
undertakes to the Issuer and each of the Dealers that: 
(i)  
it is not a retail client in the United Kingdom; and  
(ii) 
it will not sell or offer the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes (or any beneficial interest 
therein) to retail clients in the United Kingdom or communicate (including the 
distribution of this Prospectus) or approve an invitation or inducement to participate 
in, acquire or underwrite the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes (or any beneficial 
interests therein) where that invitation or inducement is addressed to or disseminated 
in such a way that it is likely to be received by a retail client in the United Kingdom. 
(d) 
In selling or offering the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes or making or approving 
communications relating to the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes each prospective investor may 
not rely on the limited exemptions set out in COBS. 
3. 
The obligations in paragraph 2 above are in addition to the need to comply at all times with all other 
applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance (whether inside or outside the European Economic 
Area or the United Kingdom) relating to the promotion, offering, distribution and/or sale of the 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes (or any beneficial interests therein), whether or not specifically 
mentioned in this Prospectus, including (without limitation) any requirements under MiFID II or the 
United Kingdom FCA Handbook as to determining the appropriateness and/or suitability of an 
investment in the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) for investors in any 
relevant jurisdiction. 
Where acting as agent on behalf of a disclosed or undisclosed client when purchasing, or making or accepting an 
offer to purchase, any Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) from the Issuer and/or 
any of the Dealers (acting as Dealers), the foregoing representations, warranties, agreements and undertakings 
will be given by and be binding upon both the agent and its underlying client.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................. 8 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 20 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 53 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES OTHER THAN VPS NOTES ................................................. 55 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE VPS NOTES ....................................................................................... 112 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 168 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ................................ 169 
SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE VP NOTES ............................................... 173 
SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE VPS NOTES ............................................. 174 
LEGISLATIVE AND REGULATORY REVIEW ............................................................................................ 176 
DESCRIPTION OF JYSKE BANK A/S AND THE JYSKE BANK GROUP .................................................. 179 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 206 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 209 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................ 214 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 231

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency (including euro) 
and having a minimum maturity of 30 days, subject as set out herein. An overview of the Programme, the 
Conditions and the VPS Conditions appears below. The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Conditions or the VPS 
Conditions, as the case may be, endorsed on, or incorporated by reference into, the Notes, as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms attached to, or endorsed on, such Notes. 
This Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for Notes to be admitted to the Official List and admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market during the period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus in an aggregate 
principal amount which, when added to the aggregate principal amount then outstanding of all Notes previously 
or simultaneously issued under the Programme, does not exceed U.S.$8,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other 
currencies. For the purpose of calculating the US dollar equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued under the Programme from time to time: 
(a) 
the US dollar equivalent of Fixed Rate, Fixed Rate Reset or Floating Rate Notes denominated in another 
Specified Currency (as defined in the Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the case may be) shall be 
determined, at the discretion of the Issuer, either as of the date on which agreement is reached for the 
issue of Notes or on the preceding day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business in London, in each case on the basis of the spot rate for the sale of the US dollar against 
the purchase of such Specified Currency in the London foreign exchange market quoted by any leading 
international bank selected by the Issuer on the relevant day of calculation; and 
(b) 
the US dollar equivalent of Zero Coupon Notes (as described in the Conditions or the VPS Conditions, 
as the case may be) shall be calculated in the manner specified above by reference to the net proceeds 
received by the Issuer for the relevant issue. 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this document and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in the Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the case may 
be, shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer 
Jyske Bank A/S 
Website of the Issuer 
https://investor.jyskebank.com/. The information on the website 
does not form part of the Prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
3M5E1GQGKL17HI6CPN30 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Dealers 
Jyske Bank A/S 
BNP Paribas 
Danske Bank A/S 
Goldman Sachs International 
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Nordea Bank Abp

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Certain Restrictions 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”). 
Issuing Agent and Principal Paying 
Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch (the “Issuing 
Agent” and, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the “Principal Paying Agent”). 
Irish Listing Agent 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
VP Agent for VP Notes 
Jyske Bank A/S (being authorised by the VP to process and register 
issues in the system operated by the VP). 
VPS Agent for VPS Notes 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge (being authorised by Euronext VPS 
to process and register issues in the system operated by Euronext 
VPS). 
Programme size 
Up to U.S.$8,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated) outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement (as defined below). 
Distribution 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maturities 
In the case of Notes other than Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, such 
maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
In the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, no fixed maturity date.  
Issue price 
Notes shall be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes 
Notes may be issued under the Programme in bearer form (“Bearer 
Notes”), in registered form (“Registered Notes”) or in 
dematerialised book entry form, settled through the VP (“VP 
Notes”) or, as the case may be, settled through Euronext VPS (“VPS 
Notes”) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each 
Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a temporary 
global Note (a “Temporary Global Note”) which will be 
exchangeable, as described therein, for a permanent global Note (a

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
“Permanent Global Note”) or Notes in definitive form (“Definitive 
Notes”) (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) in each case not 
earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date upon certification of non-
US beneficial ownership as required by US Treasury regulations. A 
Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in the limited 
circumstances as described therein, in whole but not in part, for 
Definitive Notes. On or before the Issue Date for each Tranche, if 
the relevant Global Note is an NGN or the relevant Global Certificate 
is to be held under the NSS, the Global Note or Global Certificate, 
as the case may be, will be delivered to a Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the Issue 
Date for each Tranche, if the relevant Global Note is a CGN or the 
relevant Global Certificate is not to be held under the NSS, it will be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing system. Registered 
Notes will be represented by certificates (“Certificates”, which 
expression shall include certificates in definitive form (“Definitive 
Certificates”) and Global Certificates (as defined below)), one 
Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire 
holding of Registered Notes of one Tranche. Certificates 
representing Registered Notes that are registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depository for one or more clearing systems 
are referred to as “Global Certificates”. Any interest in a Global 
Note or Global Certificate will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearance system, 
as appropriate.  
VP Notes issued in VP or, as the case may be, VPS Notes issued in 
Euronext VPS, will, in each case, be in dematerialised form and will 
not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title. 
Ownership of VP Notes or VPS Notes, as the case may be, will be 
recorded in the book entry system maintained by VP or, as the case 
may be, Euronext VPS and transferred through the securities 
settlement system maintained by VP or, as the case may be, Euronext 
VPS. Settlement of the VP Notes may take place on either the VP 
settlement platform or on the TARGET2Securities (“T2S”) platform 
if the required conditions for T2S settlement as set out in VP’s 
settlement rules are fulfilled. The T2S platform provides harmonised 
and commoditised delivery-versus-payment settlement in central 
bank money.  
 
Notes issued through the VP will be negotiable instruments which 
are not subject to any restrictions on their free negotiability within 
Denmark. 
Notes issued through Euronext VPS will be negotiable instruments 
which are not subject to any restrictions on their free negotiability 
within Norway. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable on Fixed Rate Notes on such date or 
dates as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) and on redemption of 
such Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 
Yield of the Fixed Rate Notes will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the fixed rate 
per cent. per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms until the 
Reset Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if more than 
one Reset Date is specified, the first Reset Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. On the Reset Date (or on each Reset Date, 
if more than one Reset Date is specified), the Rate of Interest will be 
reset to the aggregate of the applicable Subsequent Reset Reference 
Rate and the applicable Margin, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement in the form of the 
interest 
rate 
and 
Currency 
Exchange 
Agreement 
incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), and as amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series), or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as published by 
ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service, 
 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
selected prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates as are specified in, or 
determined pursuant to, the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest cancellation in the case of 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes 
Any payment of interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Additional Amounts payable pursuant to Condition 9 or VPS 
Condition 9, as the case may be) in respect of the Additional Tier 1 
Capital Notes shall be payable only out of the Issuer’s Distributable 
Items and:

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
(i) 
may be cancelled, at any time, in whole or in part, at the 
option of the Issuer in its sole discretion, or  
(ii) 
will be mandatorily cancelled, in whole or in part, to the 
extent: 
(A) 
that, if the relevant payment were so made, the 
amount of such payment, when aggregated 
together 
with, 
where 
relevant, 
(x) 
other 
distributions of the kind referred to in Article 141 
of the CRD Directive (or, as the case may be, any 
provision 
of 
Danish 
law 
transposing 
or 
implementing Article 141 of the CRD Directive), 
or any successor thereto, or (y) distributions of the 
kind referred to in any analogous payment 
restrictions arising in respect of capital buffers 
under CRD/CRR or the BRRD (including, without 
limitation, Article 16a thereof) and/or any 
minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities under CRD/CRR and/or the 
BRRD (including, without limitation, Article 16a 
thereof) (or, as the case may be, any provision of 
Danish law transposing or implementing any such 
analogous payment restrictions), would cause a 
breach of any regulatory restriction or prohibition 
on payments on Additional Tier 1 Capital 
instruments relating to any applicable Maximum 
Distributable Amount; or  
(B) 
otherwise so required by CRD/CRR, including the 
applicable criteria for Additional Tier 1 Capital 
instruments, or the BRRD or where the Relevant 
Regulator requires the Issuer to cancel the relevant 
payment in whole or in part.  
See Condition 5(g) or VPS Condition 5(g), as the case may be. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
principal amount unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and will not bear interest other than in the case of late 
payment. 
Redemption 
The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will indicate 
either that the Notes of such Tranche cannot be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity (if any) (other than (i) for taxation reasons (in 
the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
only), (ii) following a Tax Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes 
and Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes only), (iii) following a Capital 
Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 
Capital Notes only), (iv) following a MREL Disqualification Event 
(in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes only and, in each case, only if applicable to the Notes of such 
Tranche) or (v) following an Enforcement Event or that such Notes

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice (or such other 
notice period (if any) as is indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
to the Noteholders on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such terms as are indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Any early redemption of a Preferred Senior Note or a Non-Preferred 
Senior Note (other than following an Enforcement Event) will be 
subject to the provisions set out in Condition 8(b)(A) or VPS 
Condition 8(b)(A), Condition 8(d) or VPS Condition 8(d), Condition 
8(e) or VPS Condition 8(e) and/or Condition 8(k) or VPS Condition 
8(k), as applicable. 
 
Any early redemption of a Subordinated Note (other than following 
an Enforcement Event) will be subject to the provisions set out in 
Condition 8(b)(B) or VPS Condition 8(b)(B), Condition 8(c) or VPS 
Condition 8(c), Condition 8(e) or VPS Condition 8(e) and/or 
Condition 8(k) or VPS Condition 8(k), as applicable. 
Any redemption of an Additional Tier 1 Capital Note (other than 
following an Enforcement Event) will be subject to the provisions 
set out in Condition 8(b)(B) or VPS Condition 8(b)(B), Condition 
8(c) or VPS Condition 8(c), Condition 8(e) or VPS Condition 8(e) 
and/or Condition 8(k) or VPS Condition 8(k), as applicable. 
Substitution and variation 
In the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes only, if MREL Substitution/Variation Option is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, upon the occurrence 
and continuation of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may 
(subject to Condition 8(k) or VPS Condition 8(k), as the case may 
be) substitute all of the Notes, but not some only, or vary the terms 
of all of the Notes, but not some only, without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they become or 
remain (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes) Qualifying Preferred 
Senior Notes or (in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
In 
the 
case 
of 
Subordinated 
Notes 
only, 
if 
Tier 
2 
Substitution/Variation Option is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, upon the occurrence and continuation of 
a Capital Event, the Issuer may (subject to Condition 8(k) or VPS 
Condition 8(k), as the case may be) substitute all of the Notes, but 
not some only, or vary the terms of all of the Notes, but not some 
only, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes. 
In the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes only, upon the 
occurrence and continuation of a Tax Event or a Capital Event, the 
Issuer may (subject to Condition 8(k) or VPS Condition 8(k), as the 
case may be) substitute all of the Notes, but not some only, or vary 
the terms of all of the Notes, but not some only, without any

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that 
they become or remain Qualifying Capital Notes.  
See Condition 8(j) or VPS Condition 8(j), as the case may be. 
Denomination of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency), 
or, in the case of VP Notes only, all trades in the Notes as well as the 
initial subscription for the Notes shall be in a minimum amount of 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Redenomination, renominalisation 
and reconventioning 
Notes denominated in a currency that may be redenominated into 
euro may be subject to redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning with other Notes then denominated in euro, in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations and then current 
market practice. 
Negative Pledge 
None. 
Cross default 
The terms of the Notes will contain no cross-default provision and 
no events of default. 
Enforcement Events  
There will be enforcement events relating only to the liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, provided that a holder of such Notes may 
not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Meetings of Noteholders and 
Modification 
The Notes and the Agency Agreement contain provisions for calling 
meetings of Noteholders of a Series to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities 
to bind all Noteholders of such Series including Noteholders of such 
Series who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders of such Series who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. Any modification of a Series of Notes pursuant to the 
operation of such provisions is subject to Condition 8(k) or VPS 
Condition 8(k), as the case may be. 
The Issuer may also, subject to Condition 8(k) or VPS Condition 
8(k), as the case may be, make any modification to the relevant 
Series of Notes which is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders of such Series without the consent of the Noteholders 
of such Series. Any such modification shall be binding on the 
Noteholders of such Series. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of Denmark, or any political subdivision of, or any authority 
in, or of, Denmark having power to tax, as provided in Condition 9 
or VPS Condition 9, as the case may be. In the event that any such 
deduction is made, (in the case of a payment of interest only) the 
Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Condition 9 or VPS Condition 9, as the case may be, be required to 
pay Additional Amounts to cover the amounts so deducted.  
Status of the Preferred Senior Notes 
The Preferred Senior Notes are intended, on issue, to constitute 
MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
The Preferred Senior Notes and any relative Coupons constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer and rank and shall at all times rank:  
(i) 
pari passu, without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
at least pari passu with all other outstanding senior, unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (save for 
obligations which may be preferred by law, including 
obligations benefitting from a preferred ranking to the 
Preferred Senior Notes), present and future, without any 
preference by reason of priority of date of creation, currency 
of payment or otherwise as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer 
and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iii) senior to any Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer 
as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer.  
See Condition 3(a) or VPS Condition 3(a), as the case may be.  
Status of the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes are intended, on issue, to constitute 
MREL Eligible Liabilities.  
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes on issue constitute Non-Preferred 
Senior Obligations of the Issuer.  
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes and any relative Coupons 
constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank 
and shall at all times rank:  
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any other obligations or instruments that rank 
or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes (including any other Non-Preferred Senior 
Obligations of the Issuer), in each case as regards the right to 
receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) senior to holders of the Ordinary Shares and any other 
obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank junior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, or 
any obligations pursuant to Section 98 of the Danish 
Bankruptcy Act, in each case as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the 
Issuer, (b) unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer pursuant to 
Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act and (c) any other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in 
respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer, in 
each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on 
a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to 
receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer. 
See Condition 3(b) or VPS Condition 3(b), as the case may be. 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes (kapitalbeviser) on issue constitute Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer and the Group and any relative Coupons 
constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations of the 
Issuer and rank and shall, subject to (A) the Danish implementation 
of Article 48(7) of the BRRD in Section 13(4) (as amended or 
replaced from time to time) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution 
Act and/or (B) Section 13(5) (as amended or replaced from time to 
time) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of 
the Issuer which constitute Tier 2 Capital and (b) any other 
obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed 
to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes, in each case 
as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to 
receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to (a) holders of the Ordinary Shares, (b) any 
obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which 
constitute Tier 1 Capital and (c) any other obligations or 
capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed 
to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes, in each case as 
regards the right to receive periodic payments on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to 
receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the 
Issuer, (b) unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including 
unsubordinated creditors pursuant to Section 97 of the 
Danish Bankruptcy Act and unsubordinated creditors that 
are 
creditors 
in 
respect 
of 
Non-Preferred 
Senior 
Obligations) and (c) subordinated creditors of the Issuer 
other than the present or future claims of creditors that rank 
or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the 
Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
See Condition 3(c) or VPS Condition 3(c), as the case may be. 
Status of the Additional Tier 1 
Capital Notes 
Subject to Condition 6 or VPS Condition 6, as the case may be, the 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes (kapitalbeviser) on issue constitute 
Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and the Group and any relative 
Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and shall, subject to (A) the Danish 
implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD in Section 13(4) (as 
amended or replaced from time to time) of the Danish Recovery and 
Resolution Act and/or (B) Section 13(5) (as amended or replaced 
from time to time) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, at all 
times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of 
the Issuer which constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital and 
(b) any other obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer 
that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, in each case as regards the 
right to receive periodic payments (to the extent any such 
periodic payment has not been cancelled) on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to (a) holders of the Ordinary Shares and (b) any 
other obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that 
rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Additional Tier 
1 Capital Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments (to the extent any such periodic payment 
has not been cancelled) on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the 
Issuer, (b) unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including 
unsubordinated creditors pursuant to Section 97 of the 
Danish Bankruptcy Act and unsubordinated creditors that 
are creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior 
Obligations), (c) creditors of the Issuer that are creditors in 
respect of any obligations or capital instruments of the 
Issuer which constitute Tier 2 Capital and (d) other 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer other than the present 
or future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to 
rank pari passu with or junior to the Additional Tier 1 
Capital Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments (to the extent any such periodic payment 
has not been cancelled) on a liquidation or bankruptcy of

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
See Condition 3(d) or VPS Condition 3(d), as the case may be. 
Loss absorption following a Trigger 
Event and reinstatement of the 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes: 
If at any time a Trigger Event occurs, the Outstanding Principal 
Amounts of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes shall be reduced (in 
whole or in part). 
Following any such reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts, 
the Issuer may, at its discretion, reinstate some or all of the principal 
amount of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, if certain conditions 
are met. 
See Condition 6 or VPS Condition 6, as the case may be. 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be 
admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market. 
Governing law 
The Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Danish law. The Temporary Global Notes, the Permanent Global 
Notes, the Definitive Notes, the Global Certificates, the Definitive 
Certificates, the Coupons and the Talons will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Danish law. The Agency Agreement 
is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English 
law, save for (i) the provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders 
of a Series to consider matters affecting their interests generally and 
(ii) the regulations concerning the transfer, registration and exchange 
of Registered Notes, which are governed by, and will be construed 
in accordance with, Danish law. The Declaration of Direct Rights is 
governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, Danish law. 
The VPS Notes will be governed by, and will be construed in 
accordance with, Danish law, save for VPS Conditions 2, 13 and 14 
which shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, the laws of the Kingdom of Norway. 
The VPS Agency Agreement (and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the VPS Agency Agreement) are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of 
the Kingdom of Norway. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Selling restrictions 
There are selling restrictions in relation to the United States, the 
European Economic Area, United Kingdom, Japan, Singapore and 
Switzerland and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes. See “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
Clearing systems 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, VP, Euronext VPS or any 
other clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should read the entire Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. All of 
these factors are contingencies that may or may not occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the 
Notes are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in the Notes, 
but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes for 
other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available 
to it and which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
The risks outlined below do not consider an investor’s specific knowledge and/or understanding about risks 
typically associated with the Issuer and the acquisition and ownership of the Notes, whether obtained through 
experience, training or otherwise, or the lack of such specific knowledge, understanding, or circumstances that 
may apply to a particular investor. 
Words and expressions defined in the Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the case may be, or elsewhere in this 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section, unless otherwise stated. References to a numbered 
“Condition” or “VPS Condition”, as the case may be, shall be to the relevant Condition in the Conditions or the 
relevant VPS Condition in the VPS Conditions, as the case may be. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE JYSKE BANK GROUP 
The Issuer is regulated by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (the “Danish FSA”), which ensures a 
regulatory environment comparable to the regulatory environments of other Western European banks. 
In the course of its business activities, the Issuer is exposed to a variety of risks. If the Issuer fails to manage this 
exposure, it may incur financial losses and its reputation may be damaged. The main categories of risk are set out 
below.  
Risks relating to the Group’s exposure to the Danish real estate market 
Through Jyske Realkredit, and to a limited degree in Jyske Bank, the Group has substantial exposure to the Danish 
real estate market. The majority of the portfolio in Jyske Realkredit is residential, either one family houses, 
apartments or vacation homes. Jyske Realkredit has moderate exposure to the private rental market, as well as to 
the commercial real estate sector, in which Jyske Bank also has limited direct exposure. A large reduction in 
market values, not only in the residential housing market, but in particular in the commercial property market, 
will trigger a sharp decrease in collateral values, which will increase the level of impairments due to an increase 
in the Group’s expected loss given default (“LGD”). A significant negative price correction in the Danish real 
estate market will also result in increased capital requirements through lower collateral coverage. Furthermore, 
the need for additional collateral to be added to Jyske Realkredit's SDO/SDRO (særligt dækkede obligationer/ 
Særligt Dækkede Realkreditobligationer) covered pool E will increase the funding costs of the Group, in particular 
in a scenario where the need to raise additional funds coincides with a distressed financial market with elevated 
credit spreads. 
Any or all of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operation.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk of loss caused by borrowers or counterparties failing to fulfil their obligations to the Jyske 
Bank Group and the risk of such parties’ credit quality deteriorating. Credit risk is also the risk that the Jyske 
Bank Group may be unable to assess the credit risk of potential borrowers and may provide loans and advances 
or mortgage loans to customers that increase the Jyske Bank Group’s credit risk exposure more than intended. 
Credit risk is an inherent part of the Jyske Bank Group’s business. Ordinary credit risk arises from the Issuer’s 
loan portfolio, mortgage lending in Jyske Realkredit A/S’s (“Jyske Realkredit”) capital centres and from credit 
lines and guarantees. However, credit risk also arises from credit investments in Jyske Bank Group Treasury in, 
for example, senior bonds of other highly rated financial institutions, securitisations consisting primarily of AAA 
residential mortgage backed securities (“RMBS”) or AAA or AA rated collateralised loan/debt obligations 
(“CLOs/CDO”) and from trading and hedging activities in Jyske Markets, which is the trading unit of the Jyske 
Bank Group. Market-related counterparty credit risk arises from financial instruments including fixed income, 
equity and other investments that the Jyske Bank Group owns or is in another way exposed to. Settlement and 
payment risk arises from securities transactions, derivatives transactions and other transactions where payment is 
remitted before it can be confirmed that any corresponding payment has been made to the Jyske Bank Group. 
Failure by the Jyske Bank Group to manage these risks could have an adverse effect on the Jyske Bank Group’s 
business, results of operations, financial position or prospects.  
Risks relating to the general economic conditions in Denmark, global geopolitical conditions and tensions and 
COVID-19 (and/or possibly other contagious diseases) may adversely impact the business and results of 
operations of the Jyske Bank Group, including the Issuer  
The Jyske Bank Group’s performance is significantly influenced by general economic conditions, in particular in 
Denmark where the Group focuses its operations. The Group’s performance is influenced by the level and cyclical 
nature of business activity in Denmark, which is in turn affected by both domestic and international economic and 
political events. The Group is dependent on the demand for credit and financial services by its customers, which 
is closely linked to customer confidence, employment trends, the state of the economy, the housing market and 
interest rate level in Denmark. The Danish economy is a small open economy that is closely linked to the global 
economy, and especially to the macroeconomic conditions in Europe, and is therefore sensitive to disruptions in 
the global economy or the free flow of goods and services. Other risk factors such as contagious diseases and 
geopolitical crisis may adversely impact the business and results of the Group.  
Until mid-March 2020, the Danish economy had been on a seven-year upturn with increasing employment, rising 
house prices, low interest rates and positive real wage growth. The COVID-19 pandemic changed this upward 
trend temporarily during 2020 and 2021, where the economic activity in Denmark declined during lockdowns. 
However, since early 2021 the economy overall has been back on the path to recovery – the Danish economy 
grew by 4.7 per cent. in 2021 (highest growth since 1994), and GDP, employment as well as house prices have 
increased to levels above pre-COVID-19 levels. Danish unemployment is at a historical low. However, if COVID-
19 is being reclassified as a critical threat to society in Denmark or new mutations and variants of COVID-19 
(and/or possibly other contagious diseases) emerge, other and additional measures, including another lockdown 
of the Danish society, cannot be ruled out which could (i) have a negative effect on the Group’s small and medium 
enterprises (“SME”) customers – both from the decline in domestic consumption and investment activity as well 
as from the negative spill over effect from reduced consumption and economic activity in Denmark’s main trade 
partner countries, (ii) have a negative effect on the commercial real estate market in case of long-lasting or 
permanent shifts in behaviour and (iii) result in supply chain challenges and/or increases to prices of raw material 
that could increase default rates and result in increased credit impairments to the Jyske Bank Group, which could 
have an adverse effect on the Jyske Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects. 
The Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and the ongoing war (and the related sanctions imposed by the 
United States, the EU, the United Kingdom, Canada, Japan and Australia, among others) will have economic 
consequences for Europe. The impact is still uncertain although thus far it has further increased inflation and 
intensified supply chain bottlenecks.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
At a minimum, the Danish economy’s path to recovery is likely to slow down in the first half of 2022 and a small 
economic contraction is likely. Demand and production will be negatively affected by higher energy prices which 
reduce the purchasing power of consumers and by distortions to trade with Russia and Ukraine. Without further 
escalation, the economy could return to the path to recovery in the second half of 2022.    
As a result of higher inflation, interest rates in both Europe and the United States have increased. In the mortgage 
market, long-term interest rates have increased from around 1-1.5 per cent. in 2021 to, as of the date of the 
Prospectus, around 3.5 per cent. for a 30-year fixed rate mortgage loan. The housing market has been cooling off 
since mid-2021 following large price increases during the pandemic. So far there are no signs of a negative market 
development, but a further surge in energy prices and/or a rise in unemployment etc. could lead to price declines. 
Finally, a very large increase in interest rate will negatively impact the housing market and the economy in general. 
A scenario with financial market crisis following years of extreme monetary policy is also a general risk for the 
economy.   
Currently, the main risk to the Danish economy is an escalation of the economic repercussions from the war in 
Ukraine. A shutdown of energy supply from Russia to Europe will have substantial negative effect on the 
economic outlook and will push the Danish economy into a recession. Also, an escalation of supply chain 
bottlenecks issues will have a negative effect on the SME and corporate sectors. 
The factors described above could, individually and together, have an adverse effect on the Jyske Bank Group’s 
business, results of operations, financial position or prospects.  
Cyber risk and risks related to cybercrime attacks 
The Group and the Issuer’s activities are exposed to an increasing risk of cyber-attacks, given continually evolving 
threats and threat actors’ techniques and tactics. The Group’s digital developments in concert with its market share 
in Denmark, makes it a potential target for cybercrime, and the cost of preventing cybercrime and/or the direct 
effects of cybercrime (for example, operational loss or reputational/image risk) is rising significantly. In particular, 
the Group is the subject of cyber fraud attempts, which are primarily related to the Group’s card and internet 
banking operations. Instances of internet banking fraud largely stem from social engineering of the Group’s 
customers and employees, which results in unauthorised persons gaining access to customers’ accounts, 
circumventing technical and logical protection mechanisms. Fraud related to card operations mainly results from 
theft of card information at retailers and other points of sale. The Group and the Issuer may need to compensate 
customers for their losses unless the customer has been grossly negligent.  
The Group and the Issuer may be the target of malicious hacking with consequences in the form of shutdown of 
individual or all IT systems. Consequences of a malicious hacker attack may be the lack of possibility of issuing 
bonds in Jyske Realkredit, lack of possibility of servicing payments on time, etc. The Group has experienced 
denial of service attempts against its infrastructure on a reoccurring basis; such attacks may increase in frequency 
or severity. Further, the Group is observing increasing recognisance activity against the IT infrastructure in attempt 
to probe for vulnerabilities that can be exploited. There is an increase in e-mails, targeted against employees, 
which contain malicious programs with destructive purposes with regards to e-mails. 
The Group also expects to face increased regulatory requirements and scrutiny going forward in relation to 
cybersecurity regulations, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which entered into 
force in May 2018, or the EBA’s proposed technical standards on strong customer authentication.  
The Group may continue to experience security breaches or unexpected disruptions to its systems and services. 
Such security breaches and unexpected disruptions could in turn result in liability to the Group’s customers and 
third parties and have an adverse effect on the Group’s and the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition 
and results of operations.  
Market risk

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
The Jyske Bank Group faces market risks as an inherent part of its business. Market risk is the risk of loss arising 
from adverse developments in market values resulting from fluctuations in interest rates, pricing of credit, foreign 
currency exchange rates and equity and commodity prices. The performance of financial markets may cause 
changes in the value of the Jyske Bank Group’s investment and trading portfolios as well as affect other areas of 
the operations such as the availability of funding. A significant part of the Jyske Bank Group’s market risk derives 
from changes in the value of its securities portfolio. 
Any fluctuations in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, equity prices and fixed income prices could 
have an adverse effect on the Jyske Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects. 
Funding and liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk of losses arising because funding costs become excessive, a lack of funding prevents the 
Jyske Bank Group from fulfilling its business model or a lack of funding prevents the Jyske Bank Group from 
fulfilling its payment obligations. Refinancing risk is the risk of a financial institution not being able to refinance 
maturing deposits, senior debt, covered bonds or other liabilities, or the risk that the refinancing cost will be so 
high that it will adversely affect net interest income.  
Being a financial intermediary, liquidity- and refinancing risk is an inherent and unavoidable part of the Jyske 
Bank Group’s banking operations. Liquidity- and refinancing risk arises from funding mismatches in the balance 
sheet as the average duration of a bank’s loan portfolio is generally longer than the average duration of a bank’s 
funding sources. For Jyske Realkredit part of the mortgage loan portfolio such as the portfolio of Danish 
Adjustable Rate mortgage loans is also funded with covered bonds with shorter duration than the commitment on 
the underlying mortgage loan. In addition hereto, most retail banks receive a high portion of their funding from 
customer deposits, and therefore they are also subject to the risk that depositors could withdraw their funds at a 
faster rate than the rate at which borrowers repay their loans, thus causing liquidity strains. Ready access to funds 
is essential to any banking business, including the Jyske Bank Group. The Group’s refinancing risk measured by 
volume is dominated by Jyske Realkredit’s mortgage bonds. Through Jyske Realkredit the Group has a high 
dependency on secured capital market funding on SDO (covered bond) basis. 
In the event of increasing financial market disruptions or volatility due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Issuer 
may be facing significant increases in funding cost which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
If the Jyske Bank Group is unable to access funds or to access the markets from which the Jyske Bank Group 
raises funds, it could have an adverse effect on the Jyske Bank Group’s ability to meet its obligations as they fall 
due and impede the Jyske Bank Group’s ability to finance its operations adequately. These and other factors could 
also lead creditors to form a negative view of the Jyske Bank Group’s liquidity, which could result in higher 
borrowing costs and decreased access to various funding sources which could have an adverse effect on the Jyske 
Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects. 
Reputational risk 
The nature of the Jyske Bank Group’s business entails reputational risk. Reputational risk is defined as the risk of 
possible damage to the Group’s brand and reputation. Reputational risk is primarily, but not exclusively, driven 
by external circumstances or events, and derives from any association, action or inaction which could be perceived 
by the Group’s stakeholders to be inappropriate, unethical or inconsistent with the Group’s values and beliefs. In 
particular, the Jyske Bank Group’s business and reputation could suffer if its customers use the Jyske Bank Group 
for illegal or improper purposes, for example to evade applicable economic and financial sanctions. 
Failure by the Jyske Bank Group to identify and manage reputational risks could have a material adverse effect 
on the Jyske Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is the risk of direct or indirect loss to the Group resulting from inadequate or failed internal 
processes, including, for example, the risk of fraud by management, employees or third parties, clerical or record 
keeping errors, errors resulting from failures in information technology (“IT”) or telecommunications systems, 
failure to obtain proper internal authorisation or failure to comply with regulatory requirements and codes of 
conduct.  
Failure by the Jyske Bank Group to identify and manage these operational risks could have a material adverse 
effect on the Jyske Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects. 
Risks relating to legal and regulatory claims that arise in the conduct of the Jyske Bank Group's business 
Companies active in the financial services industry, such as the Jyske Bank Group, operate under a comprehensive 
regulatory regime and are subject to extensive regulatory supervision, with recently heightened scrutiny by 
supervisory authorities of the regulatory compliance by such companies. This regulatory environment makes the 
Jyske Bank Group susceptible to regulatory and litigation risks. In the ordinary course of its business, the Jyske 
Bank Group is subject to regulatory oversight and liability risk. The Jyske Bank Group carries out operations 
through a number of legal entities and is subject to regulations, including, but not limited to, regulations on conduct 
of business, anti-money laundering, data protection, economic and financial sanctions, payments, consumer 
credits, capital requirements, reporting and corporate governance. Regulations and regulatory requirements are 
also continuously amended and new requirements are imposed on the Jyske Bank Group. There can be no 
assurances that breaches of regulations by the Jyske Bank Group have not occurred in the past or will not occur 
in the future or that such breaches would not result in reputational risk to the Jyske Bank Group, significant 
liability, penalties or other negative financial consequences.  
The Jyske Bank Group is party to a number of claims, disputes, legal proceedings and investigations in 
jurisdictions where it is active. The Jyske Bank Group is also subject to administrative claims and tax proceedings 
from time to time. These types of claims, disputes, legal proceedings or investigations, the outcomes of which can 
be difficult to predict, expose the Jyske Bank Group to monetary damages, direct or indirect costs (including legal 
costs), direct or indirect financial losses, civil and criminal penalties, loss of licences or authorisations, or loss of 
reputation, criticism or penalties by supervisory authorities as well as the potential for regulatory restrictions on 
its businesses, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Jyske Bank Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. Adverse regulatory actions against the Jyske Bank Group or adverse 
judgments in litigation to which the Jyske Bank Group is party could result in restrictions or limitations on the 
Jyske Bank Group's operations or result in a material adverse effect on the Jyske Bank Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Regulatory risk related to changes in supervision and regulation which may affect the Jyske Bank Group’s 
business, the products and services offered or the value of its assets 
The Issuer is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in Denmark and 
in each other jurisdiction in which the Issuer carries on business. Regulatory risk is the risk that changes in 
supervision and regulation, in particular in Denmark, could materially affect the Issuer’s business, the products 
and services offered or the value of its assets. Although the Issuer works closely with its regulators and continually 
monitors the situation, future changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond 
the control of the Issuer.  
Regulatory risk may also arise from a failure by the Jyske Bank Group to comply with laws and regulations, which 
could lead to civil liability, disciplinary action, the imposition of fines and/or the revocation of the licence, 
permission or authorisation to conduct the Jyske Bank Group’s business in the jurisdictions in which the Jyske 
Bank Group operates.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
Various aspects of banking regulations are still under debate in the EU, including, inter alia, proposals to review 
standardised approaches for capital requirements for credit, market and operational risk (together with a proposed 
capital floor based on the revised standardised approaches for banks using internal models). Furthermore, a 
leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent. has been introduced by way of the CRR Amendment Regulation (see 
“Risks related to an increase in the Issuer’s and/or the Jyske Bank Group’s capital requirements, leverage ratio 
requirements, net stable funding ratio requirement, liquidity requirements and/or REA which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Jyske Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects” 
below). 
Regulatory capital risks which could have a material adverse effect on the Jyske Bank Group’s business, results 
of operations, financial position or prospects 
In respect of the CRR, CRD Directive and BRRD, the EBA will continue to propose detailed rules through binding 
technical standards, guidelines, recommendations and/or opinions in respect of many areas, including liquidity 
requirements, certain aspects of capital requirements and recovery and resolution. As a consequence, the Group 
is subject to the risk of possible interpretational changes. Given the uncertainty of the exact wording of the 
technical standards, they could potentially lead to a reduction in the regulatory capital or an increase in the risk 
exposure amount (“REA”) of the Jyske Bank Group. Furthermore, the CRD Directive contains rules which enable 
the competent authorities to increase capital requirements to previously unforeseen levels which potentially could 
limit the Jyske Bank Group’s ability to fulfil its present strategy, leading to lower than expected earnings and/or 
higher than expected REA. 
There can be no assurance that the European Commission and/or the Danish FSA and/or the Danish Systemic 
Risk Council and/or the Danish government will not implement other reforms in a manner that is different from 
that which is currently envisaged, or that they may impose additional capital and liquidity requirements on Danish 
banks. 
If the regulatory capital requirements, liquidity restrictions or ratios applied to the Jyske Bank Group are increased 
in the future, any failure of the Jyske Bank Group to maintain such increased capital and liquidity ratios could 
result in administrative actions or sanctions, which may have a material adverse effect on the Jyske Bank Group’s 
results of operations. 
Risks related to an increase in the Issuer’s and/or the Jyske Bank Group’s capital requirements, leverage ratio 
requirements, net stable funding ratio requirement, liquidity requirements and/or REA which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Jyske Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position or 
prospects 
In addition to the minimum own funds requirements, the CRD Directive contemplates that competent authorities 
may require additional “Pillar 2” capital to be maintained by an institution (the “additional own funds 
requirements” or the “individual solvency requirement”). Institutions are also subject to a combined buffer 
requirement (see “Legislative and Regulatory Review”).  
According to the CRD Directive, the additional own funds requirement must be fulfilled with at least 56.25 per 
cent. Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and at least 75 per cent. Tier 1 capital. Furthermore, the CRD Directive, by 
way of the CRD Amendment Directive (see “Legislative and Regulatory Review”) authorises the relevant 
competent authority to require that the institution fulfils its additional own funds requirement with a higher portion 
of Tier 1 Capital or Common Equity Tier 1 Capital where necessary (while having regard to the specific 
circumstances of the relevant institution). The guidance on additional own funds (see “Legislative and Regulatory 
Review”) sets a level and quality of Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) capital the relevant credit institution is 
expected to hold in excess of its overall capital requirement. The guidance on additional own funds will be based 
on, inter alia, the stress tests performed in respect of the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance with the guidance 
on additional own funds, the relevant credit institution should be expected to notify its competent authority and 
prepare a revised capital plan. Where an institution repeatedly fails to meet the guidance on additional own funds, 
the competent authority is entitled to take supervisory measures and, where appropriate, impose additional own

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
funds requirements. However, a failure to meet the guidance on additional own funds does not trigger automatic 
restrictions on distributions provided for in Article 141 of the CRD Directive or Article 16a of the BRRD (see 
“Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes” – “Interest on the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes 
may be cancelled in certain circumstances”). Furthermore, according to the SREP guidelines (see “Legislative 
and Regulatory Review”), competent authorities may, on the basis of the vulnerabilities and deficiencies identified 
in the SREP assessment, among other things, restrict or prohibit distributions or interest payments by a credit 
institution to members or holders of its Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments (such as the Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes). 
The capital requirements (the minimum own funds requirements, the additional own funds requirements or the 
individual solvency requirement/need and the combined buffer requirement) applicable to the Issuer and/or the 
Group are, by their nature, calculated by reference to a number of factors any one of which or combination of 
which may not be easily observable or capable of calculation by investors.  
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee published its recommendations named Basel III: Finalising post-crisis 
reforms. The reforms contain new requirements for credit risk, operational risk, CVA risk and a so called output 
floor which sets new minimum standards for capital requirements in financial institutions using internal models 
for calculating capital requirements. In addition, the Basel Committee published the revised minimum capital 
requirements for market risk in January 2019. The above-described two publications of the Basel Committee are 
collectively referred to as “Basel IV”. On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published its proposal for 
a review of the CRR Regulation and the CRD Directive, implementing, inter alia, Basel IV (the “Basel IV 
CRR/CRD Proposal”). The Basel IV CRR/CRD Proposal is now subject to the EU legislative procedure. The 
Basel IV CRR/CRD Proposal introduces, inter alia, an output floor on 72.5 per cent. of the standardised approach 
for calculating REA. The output floor will be gradually introduced from 1 January 2025 over a period of 5 years. 
The Jyske Bank Group’s REA will increase as a result of the Basel IV CRR/CRD Proposal. The exact amount 
with which it will increase is currently unknown.  
There can be no assurance, however, that the leverage ratio requirement as set out in the CRR Amendment 
Regulation or any of the minimum own funds requirements, additional own funds requirements or combined 
buffer requirement and the restrictions on discretionary payments, including as to the consequences for an 
institution of its capital levels falling below the combined buffer requirement, applicable to the Issuer and/or the 
Group will not be amended in the future to include new and more onerous capital requirements. 
Risk related to deductions in the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital for non-performing exposures pursuant to the 
NPE Backstop Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 2019 amending Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013 as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures (the “NPE Backstop 
Regulation”) was adopted in 2019 and concerns requirements for minimum loss coverage for non-performing 
exposures (“NPEs”). The purpose of the NPE Backstop Regulation is to limit the build-up of NPEs in credit 
institutions and at the same time encourage the institutions to reduce their current portfolio of NPEs. In addition, 
the purpose is to ensure an adequate reservation for NPEs – contributing towards a more resilient financial sector. 
Pursuant to the NPE Backstop Regulation, for all NPEs, a minimum coverage must be calculated, and this must 
be compared with the loan impairment charges made on the exposure. If the minimum coverage exceeds the loan 
impairment charges, this results in a deduction in the institution’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, corresponding 
to the difference (referred to as the “NPE backstop”), which would also lead to a lower Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital Ratio of the institution. When calculating the minimum coverage, a distinction is made between exposures 
that are covered by real estate collateral, exposures covered by other collateral and unsecured exposures. The 
minimum coverage increases the longer the exposure is in default and the minimum coverage on unsecured 
exposures is generally higher than on exposures secured by collateral. The minimum coverage is 100 per cent. of 
the exposure in the 10th year after the exposure is considered to be non-performing. The NPE backstop deduction 
in an institution’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital will to some extent, especially for NPE vintage exposures with

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
a high REA, be partly offset by a reduction in the REA calculation in respect of such exposures (and thereby in 
the own funds requirement calculation). 
All exposures granted before 26 April 2019 are excluded from the NPE backstop. However, the exposures fall out 
of the transitional scheme if the terms and conditions regarding the exposure are changed in a way that increases 
the institution's exposure to the borrower (for example, forbearance measures). If a NPE exposure falls out of the 
transitional regime, the time of recognition of default, in relation to the calculation of the minimum coverage, is 
set at the date on which the exposure falls out of the transitional regime. Thus, no exposure, in relation to the NPE 
backstop, can have a default date before 26 April 2019. As a consequence, the NPE backstop is currently low, but 
will increase over the coming years, partly due to exposures that fall out of the transitional scheme, and partly due 
to new NPEs. Thus, it will take several years before exposures with high collateral coverage give rise to deductions 
in the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. In the short term, it will therefore primarily be customers with relatively 
low impairment charges that give rise to a deduction in the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. 
Today, due to the transitional scheme, a modest deduction is made to the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
as a result of the NPE backstop and the development in the deduction can be projected with reasonable precision 
within the next two to three years. This is because the customers who will contribute to the deduction within a 
short time frame are already known NPEs today. After the lapse of this period, the development in the deduction 
to be made in the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital due to the NPE backstop begins to be subject to 
considerable uncertainty. The long-term development will depend on the extent of new NPEs, the extent of 
exposures that fall outside of the transitional arrangement, and the extent to which new NPEs are settled or fall 
outside of the NPE category. Many factors can affect the size of the deduction when the NPE Backstop Regulation 
is in full effect. Today, there is tighter credit policy and regulation. For example, housing loans to private 
customers are now granted under stricter requirements (for debt-to-income, loan-to-value (“LTV”) and choice of 
mortgage products for high debt-to-income clients with a LTV of between 60-80 per cent.) than before and during 
the financial crisis in 2008-2009. Conversely, the NPE Backstop Regulation regarding the designation of NPEs 
imply that these are currently designated earlier, which thus increases the factors in the calculation of the minimum 
coverage and results in a deduction of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. The most important variable, however, 
is the development in the business cycle and thus the Danish economy. See “Risks relating to the general economic 
conditions in Denmark, global geopolitical conditions and tensions and COVID-19 (and/or possibly other 
contagious diseases) may adversely impact the business and results of operations of the Jyske Bank Group, 
including the Issuer” above. 
Risks relating to the Jyske Bank Group’s participation in the Deposit Guarantee Scheme and resolution fund 
In Denmark and other jurisdictions, deposit guarantee schemes and similar funds (each, a “Deposit Guarantee 
Scheme”) have been implemented from which compensation for deposits may become payable to customers of 
financial services firms in the event that such financial services firm is unable to pay, or unlikely to pay, claims 
against it. In many jurisdictions, these Deposit Guarantee Schemes are funded, directly or indirectly, by financial 
services firms which operate and/or are licensed in the relevant jurisdiction. Revised legislation regarding the 
Danish Deposit Guarantee Scheme redefines the Danish scheme as a premium based scheme funded by the 
banking sector itself, such that the participating banks’ payments into the scheme will be more stable every year 
in profit and loss terms. The calculation of premium will be based on each participating bank’s covered deposits 
and the relevant bank’s risk profile. The premium payments will stop when a target level of 0.8 per cent. of covered 
deposits has been reached. In addition, the Issuer contributes to the Danish resolution fund established as the 
Danish resolution financing arrangement under the BRRD, which capital must amount to 1.0 per cent. of the 
covered deposits of all Danish credit institutions by 31 December 2024. The future target level of funds to be 
accumulated in Deposit Guarantee Schemes and resolution funds across different European Union countries may 
exceed the minimum levels provided for in the BRRD, Directive 2014/49/EU (the “Revised Deposit Guarantee 
Schemes Directive”) and in EU Regulation No 806/2014 and EU Regulation No 81/2015 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund (the latter of which will be relevant should Denmark choose to participate in the Single 
Resolution Mechanism).

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
It is still unclear whether Denmark, despite being outside the Eurozone, will join the European Banking Union 
and therefore be part of the Single Resolution Mechanism. It therefore remains unclear which costs the Jyske 
Bank Group will incur in the coming year in relation to payments to deposit guarantee funds and/or resolution 
funds on a national or European level. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of such features. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes rank junior to the Issuer’s other unsubordinated creditors 
The Issuer may issue Non-Preferred Senior Notes. The Non-Preferred Senior Notes constitute direct and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank as described in Condition 3(b) or VPS Condition 3(b), as the 
case may be.  
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes constitute Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer. Non-Preferred Senior 
Obligations are unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities of the Issuer which rank below (i) any Preferred Senior 
Notes issued by the Issuer and (ii) any obligations of the Issuer that rank pari passu with any Preferred Senior 
Notes upon an insolvency of the Issuer in accordance with section 13(3) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution 
Act of certain Financial Businesses.  
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes will rank junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer pursuant to section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act and (c) any other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations, in 
each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the 
right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
The Issuer may issue other obligations or instruments that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes (including Preferred Senior Notes) or pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, in each case 
as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to 
receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay its depositors and other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that 
are not creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer in full before it can make any 
payments on the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining 
after these payments are made to pay amounts due under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. In addition, in the event 
of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets remaining after paying its creditors 
who rank senior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, payments relating to other obligations or instruments of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior Notes may, if there are 
insufficient assets to satisfy the claims of all of the Issuer’s pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets available 
to pay amounts due under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
The Issuer may issue Subordinated Notes which will constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and the Group and will rank as described in Condition 3(c) or VPS Condition 3(c), as the case may be.  
The Issuer may issue other obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the 
Subordinated Notes (including Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) or pari passu with the 
Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In the event 
of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay (i) its depositors, (ii) its 
unsubordinated creditors (including unsubordinated creditors pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy 
Act and unsubordinated creditors that are creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations), (iii) its

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
subordinated creditors (other than the present or future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari 
passu with or junior to the Subordinated Notes) and (iv) creditors of the Issuer that as a result of any Danish 
implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD Amendment Directive (as defined below) rank or shall rank senior 
to the Subordinated Notes in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, the 
Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments are made to pay amounts due under the 
Subordinated Notes. According to Act no. 2110 on Changes to the Financial Business Act, the Recovery and 
Resolution Act of Certain Financial Undertakings, the Capital Markets Act and Cessation of the Act on Finansiel 
Stabilitet (changes as result of the revision of the Capital Requirements Directive (CRD V) and the Resolution 
and Recovery Directive (BRRD II) etc.) of 22 December 2020 (the “Danish BRRDII/CRDV Act”) and the Danish 
implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD Amendment Directive, liabilities resulting from fully or partially 
recognised own funds instruments (within the meaning of the CRR, and including the Subordinated Notes) shall 
rank junior to all other liabilities. In principle, this means that liabilities resulting from own funds instruments that 
no longer fully or partially are recognised as an own funds instrument for the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior 
to any liabilities resulting from any fully or partially recognised own funds instrument regardless of their 
contractual ranking. Accordingly, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will, inter 
alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer fully 
or partially are recognised as an own funds instrument (within the meaning of the CRR) in full before it can make 
any payments on the Subordinated Notes. Section 13(5) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, which 
entered into force on 1 January 2022, details the ranking of the different layers of own funds instruments (within 
the meaning of the CRR, and including the Subordinated Notes and the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) of Danish 
credit institutions in the case of bankruptcy of the credit institution. Section 13(5) stipulates that Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital instruments are paid after Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments (such as the Additional Tier 1 
Capital Notes) and Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments are paid after Tier 2 Capital instruments (such as the 
Subordinated Notes). A capital instrument that is only partly recognised as an own funds item shall in its entirety 
be treated as if it was own funds. According to the preparatory works to Section 13(5) of the Danish Recovery 
and Resolution Act, the ranking as provided for in Section 13(5) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act will 
apply irrespective of the contractual ranking of the capital instruments. As an example of the operation of Section 
13(5) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, 
Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments that no longer fully or partially are recognised as Additional Tier 1 Capital 
for the purpose of the CRR, but which fully or partially are recognised as Tier 2 Capital for the purpose of the 
CRR, would rank pari passu with Subordinated Notes. In addition, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets remaining after paying its creditors who rank senior to the 
Subordinated Notes, payments relating to other obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank, for 
example by operation of Section 13(5) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act and/or are expressed to rank 
pari passu with the Subordinated Notes may, if there are insufficient assets to satisfy the claims of all of the 
Issuer’s pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets available to pay amounts due under the Subordinated Notes 
on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.  
There is a risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer 
become insolvent.  
The Issuer’s obligations under Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes are deeply subordinated 
The Issuer may issue Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes which will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer and the Group and will rank as described in Condition 3(d) or VPS 
Condition 3(d), as the case may be. 
The Issuer may issue other obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes (including Preferred Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated 
Notes) or pari passu with the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic 
payments (to the extent any such periodic payment has not been cancelled) on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In the event of a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay (i) its depositors, (ii) its unsubordinated 
creditors (including unsubordinated creditors pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act and

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
unsubordinated creditors that are creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations), (iii) creditors of the 
Issuer that are creditors in respect of any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute Tier 2 
Capital, (iv) its subordinated creditors (other than the present or future claims of creditors that rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) and (v) creditors of the Issuer 
that as a result of any Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD Amendment Directive and/or Section 
13(5) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act rank or shall rank senior to the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes 
in full before it can make any payments on the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not 
have enough assets remaining after these payments are made to pay amounts due under the Additional Tier 1 
Capital Notes. According to the Danish BRRDII/CRDV Act and the Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of 
the BRRD Amendment Directive, liabilities resulting from fully or partially recognised own funds instruments 
(within the meaning of the CRR, and including the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) shall rank junior to all other 
liabilities. In principle, this means that liabilities resulting from own funds instruments that no longer fully or 
partially are recognised as an own funds instrument for the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior to any liabilities 
resulting from any fully or partially recognised own funds instrument regardless of their contractual ranking. 
Accordingly, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will, inter alia, be required to pay 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer fully or partially are 
recognised as an own funds instrument (within the meaning of the CRR) in full before it can make any payments 
on the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. Furthermore, as an example of the operation of Section 13(5) of the Danish 
Recovery and Resolution Act (see “The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated” above, 
in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments that no longer fully 
or partially are recognised as Additional Tier 1 Capital for the purpose of the CRR, but which fully or partially 
are recognised as Tier 2 Capital for the purpose of the CRR, would rank senior to the Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes. In addition, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets 
remaining after paying its creditors who rank senior to the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, payments relating to 
other obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes may, if there are insufficient assets to satisfy the claims of all of the Issuer’s pari 
passu creditors, further reduce the assets available to pay amounts due under the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes 
on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
There is a risk that an investor in Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes will lose all or some of its investment should 
the Issuer become insolvent.  
Substitution and variation  
In the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only, if MREL Substitution/Variation 
Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 8(k) or VPS Condition 
8(k), as the case may be, if a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing the Issuer may 
substitute all (but not some only) of such Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as the case may 
be, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of such Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as 
the case may be, without the requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of such Preferred Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as the case may be, so that they become or remain (in the case of Preferred Senior 
Notes) Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes or (in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes) Qualifying Non-
Preferred Senior Notes. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes only, if Tier 2 Substitution/Variation Option is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 8(k) or VPS Condition 8(k), as the case may be, if a Capital Event 
has occurred and is continuing the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes or vary 
the terms of all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes, without the requirement for the consent or approval 
of the holders of the Subordinated Notes, so that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
In the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes only, subject to Condition 8(k) or VPS Condition 8(k), as the case 
may be, if a Tax Event or a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not 
some only) of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Additional

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
Tier 1 Capital Notes, without the requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Additional Tier 1 
Capital Notes, so that they become or remain Qualifying Capital Notes. 
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying Subordinated Notes and Qualifying Capital Notes are 
securities issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that have, inter alia, terms which (i) adhere to the specific conditions 
outlined in the definition of “Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes” (in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes), 
“Qualifying Subordinated Notes” (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or “Qualifying Capital Notes” (in the case 
of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) in the Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the case may be, and (ii) are not 
materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes 
or Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, as the case may be (provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate 
to that effect signed by two of its directors to (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes or VPS Notes) the Issuing 
Agent or (in the case of VP Notes or VPS Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) or, as the 
case may be, the VPS Agent. There can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each holder, 
any Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying Subordinated Notes or Qualifying Capital Notes, as the 
case may be, will be as favourable to each holder in all respects or that, if it were entitled to do so, a particular 
holder would make the same determination as the Issuer as to whether the terms of the relevant Qualifying Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying Subordinated Notes or Qualifying Capital Notes are not materially less 
favourable to holders than the terms of the relevant Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may 
be. 
No events of default and limited Enforcement Events 
There are no events of default in relation to the Notes. Holders of Notes may not at any time demand repayment 
or redemption of their Notes, and enforcement rights for any payment are limited to the claim of Noteholders in a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, a holder of Notes may prove 
or claim in such proceedings in respect of such Note, such claim being for payment of the Early Redemption 
Amount of such Note at the time of commencement of such liquidation or bankruptcy together with any interest 
accrued and unpaid on such Note (in the case of an Additional Tier 1 Capital Note, to the extent that the same is 
not cancelled in accordance with the terms of such) from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding commencement of such liquidation or bankruptcy and any other amounts payable on such Note under 
the Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the case may be. 
If proceedings with respect to the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer should occur, the holders of the relevant 
Series of Notes would be required to pursue their claims on such Notes in proceedings with respect to the Issuer 
in Denmark. In addition, to the extent that the relevant Noteholders are entitled to any recovery with respect to 
such Notes in any such Danish bankruptcy proceedings, such Noteholders would be entitled to a recovery in 
Danish Kroner or in another relevant currency (the amount of which would be based on the relevant conversion 
rate of Danish Kroner to such currency in effect on the date the Issuer entered into such liquidation or bankruptcy 
proceedings). 
For the avoidance of doubt, any Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, Subordinated Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
or Preferred Senior Notes which are also Green Bonds will still be subject to the limited remedies described above. 
The qualification of the Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes as “eligible liabilities” is 
subject to uncertainty 
The Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes are intended to be “eligible liabilities” (or any 
equivalent or successor term) (“MREL Eligible Liabilities”) which are available to meet any MREL Requirement 
(however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer and/or the Group. However, 
there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the Applicable MREL Regulations and how those regulations, 
once enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that such Notes will 
be (or thereafter remain) MREL Eligible Liabilities.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
If, for any reason, the Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes are or will be excluded from the 
MREL Eligible Liabilities as a result of: 
(i) 
the implementation of any Applicable MREL Regulations on or after the date of issue of the 
last Tranche of such Series; or 
(ii) 
a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective on or after the date of issue 
of the last Tranche of such Series, 
then, if MREL Substitution/Variation Option and/or the MREL Disqualification Event Redemption Option is/are 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a MREL Disqualification Event may occur. See 
“Substitution and variation” and “Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer” for the consequences of a 
MREL Disqualification Event (in each case, if applicable). 
No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim 
Subject as provided in the Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the case may be, no Noteholder, who shall in the 
event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer be indebted to the Issuer, shall be entitled to exercise any right 
of set-off, netting or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such 
Noteholder. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
At any time upon the occurrence of (in each case, to the extent applicable to the relevant issue of Notes) (i) a 
change in tax law pursuant to Condition 8(b)(A) or VPS Condition 8(b)(A), as the case may be (in the case of 
Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only), (ii) a Tax Event pursuant to Condition 8(b)(B) or 
VPS Condition 8(b)(B), as the case may be (in the case of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes 
only), (iii) a Capital Event pursuant to Condition 8(c) or VPS Condition 8(c), as the case may be (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes only), (iv) a MREL Disqualification Event pursuant to 
Condition 8(d) or VPS Condition 8(d), as the case may be (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes only) or (v) an Optional Redemption Date pursuant to Condition 8(e) or VPS Condition 8(e), as the 
case may be (in the case of any Note), the Notes may be redeemed (if applicable) at the option of the Issuer at 
their Early Redemption Amount or, as the case may be, Optional Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest (insofar, in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, as such interest has not been cancelled), as more 
particularly described in the Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the case may be. 
Holders of an issue of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes should also note that the Issuer may redeem such Notes as 
described in the previous paragraph even if (i) the Outstanding Principal Amounts of such Notes have been 
reduced in accordance with Condition 6 or VPS Condition 6, as the case may be, and (ii) the principal amount of 
such Notes has not been fully reinstated to the original principal amount of such Notes. 
Such an optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem or is perceived to be likely to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. If the Issuer redeems the Notes in any of the circumstances mentioned above, there is a risk 
that the Notes may be redeemed at times when the redemption proceeds are less than the current market value of 
the Notes or when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low, in which latter case Noteholders may only be 
able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in securities with a lower yield. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Redemption of the Notes by the Issuer; redemption subject to permission of the Relevant Regulator 
Under the CRR, any Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes may generally not be redeemed during 
the first five years after such Notes have been issued. The Issuer may, subject to prior permission from the

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
Relevant Regulator, redeem such Notes five years after issuance if the option is so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and the requirements under Condition 8 or VPS Condition 8, as the case may be, are complied with. 
In addition, during the first five years after any Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes have been 
issued (and at any time thereafter), the Issuer may, at its option but subject to prior permission from the Relevant 
Regulator, at any time redeem all, but not some, of such Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with 
accrued interest (insofar, in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, as such interest has not been cancelled) 
upon the occurrence of a Tax Event or upon the occurrence of a Capital Event in accordance with paragraph (b)(B) 
or (c), respectively, of Condition 8 or VPS Condition 8, as the case may be. 
In the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, any early redemption by the Issuer of such 
Notes is also subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator. 
Holders of Notes should not invest in such Notes in the expectation that a call option included in the terms of such 
Notes will be exercised by the Issuer. The Relevant Regulator must in case of any of the Notes agree to permit 
such a call to be exercised by the Issuer, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the Issuer 
and certain other factors at the relevant time. In any such case, there can be no assurance that the Relevant 
Regulator will permit such a call to be exercised by the Issuer. 
In addition, if, after a notice of redemption has been given in accordance with paragraph b(A), (b)(B), (c), (d) or 
(e), respectively, of Condition 8 or VPS Condition 8, as the case may be, the Relevant Regulator withdraws its 
permission to the relevant redemption before the relevant redemption date, the relevant redemption shall not be 
made until a new redemption notice is given and all conditions for redemption as described in paragraph (k) of 
Condition 8 or VPS Condition 8, as the case may be, have been fulfilled. Prospective investors in the relevant 
Notes should be aware that, whether or not a redemption notice has been issued in respect of such Notes, any 
redemption of such Notes will, at all times, remain subject to the permission of the Relevant Regulator. 
Interest on the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes may be cancelled in certain circumstances 
Subject as provided in Condition 5(g) or VPS Condition 5(g), as the case may be, any payment of interest in 
respect of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes shall be payable only out of the Issuer’s Distributable Items and: 
(i) 
may be cancelled, at any time, in whole or in part, at the option of the Issuer in its sole discretion; or 
(ii) 
will be mandatorily cancelled, in whole or in part, to the extent:  
(A) 
that, if the relevant payment were so made, the amount of such payment, when aggregated 
together with, where relevant, (x) other distributions of the kind referred to in Article 141 of the 
CRD Directive (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or 
implementing Article 141 of the CRD Directive), or any successor thereto, or (y) distributions 
of the kind referred to in any analogous payment restrictions arising in respect of capital buffers 
under CRD/CRR or the BRRD (including, without limitation, Article 16a thereof) and/or any 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities under CRD/CRR and/or the BRRD 
(or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing any such 
analogous payment restrictions), would cause a breach of any regulatory restriction or 
prohibition on payments on Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments relating to any applicable 
Maximum Distributable Amount; or  
(B) 
otherwise so required by CRD/CRR, including the applicable criteria for Additional Tier 1 
Capital instruments, or the BRRD (including, without limitation, Article 16a thereof) or where 
the Relevant Regulator requires the Issuer to cancel the relevant payment in whole or in part. 
The CRD/CRR requirements currently provide that discretionary payments in respect of certain capital 
instruments (including payments of interest on the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, which would include, for the

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
avoidance of doubt, any Additional Amounts in respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 9 or 
VPS Condition 9, as the case may be) will be required to be cancelled, in whole or in part, to the extent that: 
(i) 
the Issuer’s Distributable Items are insufficient to make the relevant payment(s); or 
(ii) 
the combined buffer requirement is not met and, if the relevant payment(s) were made, the amount of 
such payment(s) would exceed the Maximum Distributable Amount. See further the risk factor “Risks 
related to an increase in the Issuer’s and/or the Jyske Bank Group’s capital requirements, leverage ratio 
requirements, net stable funding ratio requirement, liquidity requirements and/or REA which could have 
a material adverse effect on the Jyske Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position or 
prospects” above and “Legislative and Regulatory Review” below.  
The Issuer also expects to cancel any such discretionary payment to the extent that the CRD/CRR or the BRRD 
prescribes and/or, as the case may be, the Relevant Regulator requires that the relevant payment(s) shall be 
cancelled. 
The Issuer’s Distributable Items will depend to a large extent on the net income earned by the Issuer. The 
determination of the Maximum Distributable Amount is subject to some uncertainty. Under Article 141 of the 
CRD Directive, European Union member states must require that institutions that fail to meet the combined buffer 
requirement (broadly, the combination of the capital conservation buffer, the institution-specific counter-cyclical 
buffer and the higher of (depending on the institution), the other systemically important institution (“O-SII”) 
buffer and the global systemically important institutions (“G-SII”) buffer and, in general and cumulative to the 
O-SII or G-SII-buffer, as applicable, the systemic risk buffer, in each case as applicable to the institution) will be 
subject to restricted “discretionary payments” (which are defined broadly by CRD/CRR as distributions in 
connection with Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, payments on Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments and, under 
certain conditions, payments of variable remuneration). The restrictions will be scaled according to the extent of 
the breach of the combined buffer requirement and calculated as a percentage of the profits of the institution as 
set out in detail in Article 141(4) of the CRD Directive. Such calculation will result in a “maximum distributable 
amount” in each relevant period. As an example, the scaling is such that in the bottom quartile of the combined 
buffer requirement, no discretionary distributions will be permitted to be paid. As a consequence, in the event of 
breach of the combined buffer requirement it may be necessary to reduce discretionary payments, including 
potentially exercising the discretion to cancel (in whole or in part) interest payments in respect of the Additional 
Tier 1 Capital Notes. Moreover in the event that the combined buffer requirement is no longer met by the credit 
institution it will be required to submit a capital conservation plan to the Relevant Regulator and if the capital 
conservation plan is not approved by the Relevant Regulator more stringent restrictions on distributions, than 
those required subject to Article 141 of the CRD Directive, can be imposed on the credit institution.  
According to Article 16a of the BRRD (as implemented by the BRRD Amendment Directive), a failure to comply 
with the combined buffer requirement when considered in addition to the MREL requirement means the Issuer 
could become subject to restrictions on payments on Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments (such as any Additional 
Tier 1 Capital Notes). In the event that the Issuer and/or the Group is in breach of its combined buffer requirement 
when considered in addition to the MREL requirement (see “Risks related to Notes generally” – “Resolution tools 
and powers under the BRRD – MREL requirement”) for more than 9 months, the Issuer can become subject to 
restriction on payments on Additional Tier 1 capital instruments (such as any Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes). If 
the Issuer is in breach for more than nine months, the Issuer shall become subject to restriction on payments on 
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments (such as any Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes), except where certain 
conditions regarding serious disturbance of the financial markets are fulfilled. The restrictions include, among 
other things, an obligation to calculate a “maximum distributable amount” related to the MREL requirement (the 
“M-MDA”). The principles of the calculation of the M-MDA are similar to the principles that apply for the 
calculation of the “maximum distributable amount” pursuant to Article 141 of the CRD Directive as set out above. 
The M-MDA will, among other things, set the level for payments on Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments (such 
as any Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes).

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
Further, there can be no assurance that any of the combined buffer requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or 
the Group will not be increased in the future, which may exacerbate the risk that discretionary payments, including 
payments of interest on the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, are cancelled. See further the risk factor “Risks 
related to an increase in the Issuer’s and/or the Jyske Bank Group’s capital requirements, leverage ratio 
requirements, net stable funding ratio requirement, liquidity requirements and/or REA which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Jyske Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects” 
above and “Legislative and Regulatory Review” below.  
A G-SII that fails to meet its applicable leverage ratio buffer requirement shall calculate its L-MDA. See 
“Legislative and Regulatory Review” below. The L-MDA will, among other things, set the level for payments on 
Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments (such as the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes). According to the CRR 
Amendment Regulation, the European Commission should by 31 December 2020 submit a report to the European 
Parliament and to the Council on whether it would be appropriate to extend the L-MDA restrictions to O-SIIs, 
such as the Issuer. On 16 February 2021 the European Commission published its report, which concluded that the 
European Commission does not consider it appropriate to introduce a leverage ratio surcharge for O-SIIs in the 
current context. Instead, the European Commission proposes that this question should be examined as part of the 
comprehensive review of the macroprudential toolbox in banking by 30 June 2022, as set out in Article 513 of the 
CRR. 
As discussed above, the Issuer is entitled to cancel payments of interest in its sole discretion and it is permitted to 
do so even if it could make such payments without exceeding the limits described in the paragraph immediately 
above. Notwithstanding the above expectations, payments of interest on the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes may 
be cancelled even if holders of the Issuer’s shares continue to receive dividends. It is the Issuer’s current intention 
that, whenever exercising its discretion to propose any dividend in respect of the Issuer’s shares or its discretion 
to cancel payments of interest on the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, the Issuer will take into account the relative 
ranking of these instruments in its capital structure. However, the Issuer may at any time depart from this policy 
at its sole discretion. 
Following any cancellation of interest as described above, the right of Noteholders of the Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes to receive accrued interest in respect of the relevant Interest Period will terminate and the Issuer will have 
no further obligation to pay such interest or to pay interest thereon, whether or not payments of interest in respect 
of subsequent Interest Periods are made, and such unpaid interest will not be deemed to have “accrued” or been 
earned for any purpose nor will the non-payment of such interest constitute an Enforcement Event. 
Any actual or anticipated cancellation of interest payments (for example, due to a breach of the combined buffer 
requirement and/or the combined buffer requirement when considered in addition to the MREL requirement) will 
likely have an adverse effect on the market price of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. In addition, as a result of 
the interest cancellation provision of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, the market price of the Additional Tier 
1 Capital Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which interest accrues that 
are not subject to such cancellation and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the financial 
condition of the Issuer and/or the Group. Noteholders should be aware that any announcement relating to the 
future cancellation of interest payments or any actual cancellation of interest payments may have an adverse effect 
on the market price of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. Noteholders may find it difficult to sell their Additional 
Tier 1 Capital Notes in such circumstances, or may only be able to sell their Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes at a 
price which may be significantly lower than the price at which they purchased their Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes. In such event, Noteholders may lose some or substantially all of their investment in the Additional Tier 1 
Capital Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes which are also Green Bonds will still be subject 
to interest cancellation in the circumstances described above and this will not constitute an event of default or an 
Enforcement Event under the Green Bonds.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes will be subject to loss absorption following a Trigger Event 
In the case of a Series of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, such Notes will be issued for regulatory capital adequacy 
purposes with the intention and purpose of being eligible as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and the Group. 
Such eligibility depends upon a number of conditions being satisfied, which are reflected in the Conditions or the 
VPS Conditions, as the case may be, and which, in particular, require the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes and the 
proceeds of their issue to be available to absorb any losses of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
Accordingly, if, in respect of a Series of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, at any time the Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group has fallen below the Trigger Event Threshold in respect of such Notes, 
the Outstanding Principal Amounts of such Notes shall be reduced as described below and in Condition 6 or VPS 
Condition 6, as the case may be.  
Noteholders of a Series of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes may lose all or some of their investment as a result of 
such a reduction to the Outstanding Principal Amounts of such Notes. In the case of any such reduction to the 
Outstanding Principal Amounts, in compliance with the CRD/CRR and BRRD requirements and subject to the 
Loss Absorption Minimum Amount, the amount of the relevant reduction to the Outstanding Principal Amounts 
on the Write Down Date will be equal to the amount of a reduction to the Outstanding Principal Amounts of such 
Notes on the relevant Write Down Date that would restore the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer 
and/or the Group, as applicable, to at least the Trigger Event Threshold in respect of such Notes at the point of 
such reduction, taking into account the amount of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (if any) of the Issuer and/or the 
Group, as the case may be, generated on or prior to the relevant Write Down Date by the pro rata reduction to, 
or, as the case may be, conversion into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments of, the principal amount of all 
Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments (if any) outstanding at such time. 
It is possible that, following a material decrease in the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or 
the Group, a Trigger Event in relation to a Series of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes could occur simultaneously 
with a trigger event in relation to one or more Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments having, as the case may be, 
(i) a higher, (ii) an identical or (iii) a lower trigger level than the relevant Trigger Event Threshold in respect of 
such Notes. In such circumstances, investors should note that, with respect to each such Other Loss Absorbing 
AT1 Instrument (if any), Condition 6(a) or VPS Condition 6(a), as the case may be, provides that the pro rata 
reduction or, as the case may be, conversion shall only be taken into account as described above to the extent 
required to restore the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable, to the 
Trigger Event Threshold in respect of such Notes or, if lower, such Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instrument's trigger 
level. Once the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable, has been 
restored to at least the Trigger Event Threshold in respect of the relevant Series of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes 
at the point of the relevant reduction, the Issuer expects that any additional amounts of Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital which are required to cure a trigger event in relation to any Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments with 
a higher trigger level (“Higher Trigger Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments”) than such Trigger Event 
Threshold will only be generated by the further reduction to, or, as the case may be, further conversion into 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments of, the principal amount of such Higher Trigger Other Loss Absorbing 
AT1 Instruments, in each case in accordance with the terms of such Higher Trigger Other Loss Absorbing AT1 
Instruments and the CRD/CRR requirements. 
Investors should also note that, if the Issuer issues any Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments, the Issuer expects 
that such Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments shall be treated for the purposes of determining the relevant pro 
rata amounts to be taken into account as described above and in Condition 6(a) or VPS Condition 6(a), as the case 
may be, as if their terms permitted partial reduction or, as the case may be, partial conversion into Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital instruments. 
In addition, investors should note that Condition 6(a) or VPS Condition 6(a), as the case may be, provides that, to 
the extent the reduction to, or, as the case may be, conversion into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments of, 
the principal amount of any Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instrument is not, or by the relevant Write Down Date 
will not be, effective for any reason:

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
(A) 
the ineffectiveness of any such reduction or, as the case may be, conversion into Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital instruments shall not prejudice the requirement to effect a reduction to the Outstanding Principal 
Amounts of the relevant Series of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes pursuant to in Condition 6 or VPS 
Condition 6, as the case may be; and 
(B) 
the reduction to, or, as the case may be, conversion into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments of, 
the principal amount of any Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instrument which is not, or by the relevant Write 
Down Date will not be, effective shall not be taken into account in determining the reduction of the 
Outstanding Principal Amounts of the relevant Series of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes pursuant to 
Condition 6(a) or VPS Condition 6(a), as the case may be. 
Therefore (i) the reduction to, or, as the case may be, conversion into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments 
of, the principal amount of any Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments is not a condition to a reduction of the 
Outstanding Principal Amounts of a Series of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes and (ii) as a result of any failure to 
reduce or, as the case may be, convert into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments the principal amount of 
any Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments, the amount of the reduction to the Outstanding Principal Amounts 
of a Series of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes may therefore be higher than expected. 
As any such reduction to the Outstanding Principal Amounts of a Series of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes is 
subject to compliance with the CRD/CRR and BRRD requirements, the reduction provisions described above and 
in Condition 6(a) or VPS Condition 6(a), as the case may be, are subject to, and will be interpreted in light of, any 
applicable changes to any such requirements. Notwithstanding any of the provisions relating to a reduction of the 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes as described above, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will not determine 
that the CRD/CRR requirements require a reduction to the Outstanding Principal Amounts of a Series of 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes to be calculated and determined in a different manner than as described above 
and in Condition 6(a) or VPS Condition 6(a), as the case may be. Investors should note that, in the case of any 
such reduction to the Outstanding Principal Amounts of such Notes pursuant to Condition 6(a) or VPS Condition 
6(a), as the case may be, the Issuer's determination of the relevant amount of such reduction shall be binding on 
all parties. 
Any such reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes shall 
not constitute an Enforcement Event and, following such reduction, Noteholders’ claims in respect of principal 
will, in all cases, be based on the reduced Outstanding Principal Amounts of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes to the extent the Outstanding Principal Amounts of such Notes have not subsequently been reinstated as 
described in Condition 6(b) or VPS Condition 6(b), as the case may be. 
In addition, following a reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of a Series of Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes as described above, interest can only continue to accrue on the Outstanding Principal Amounts following 
such reduction, which will be lower than the Original Principal Amount of such Notes. 
Following any such reduction, the Issuer will not in any circumstances be obliged to reinstate the Outstanding 
Principal Amounts of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, but any reinstatement must be undertaken, 
subject to compliance with CRD/CRR requirements and the Reinstatement Limit described in Condition 6(b) or 
VPS Condition 6(b), as the case may be, on a pro rata basis with all other Parity Trigger Loss Absorbing AT1 
Instruments (if any) which would, following such reinstatement, constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital and feature 
similar reinstatement provisions. Investors should note that, while the Conditions or VPS Conditions, as the case 
may be, provide for a pro rata reinstatement as described in the preceding sentence, there is no guarantee 
(including as regards the timing of the relevant reinstatement) how a reinstatement of the Outstanding Principal 
Amounts of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes would be conducted when compared to any proposed 
reinstatement of any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer (i) with a similar principal loss absorption 
mechanism but with a higher or lower trigger level compared to the Trigger Event Threshold of the relevant 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes and (ii) which include similar reinstatement provisions.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
Investors should note that, while such a reduction is not common, it is an appreciable risk and is not limited to the 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In such event, Noteholders may lose some or substantially all of their 
investment in the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. 
The market price and liquidity of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes may be volatile and will be affected by a 
number of factors, many of which may be outside the Issuer's control 
The market price and liquidity of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes is expected to be affected by fluctuations in 
the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group. Any indication that the Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group is trending towards the relevant Trigger Event Threshold per 
cent. may have an adverse effect on the market price and liquidity of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. 
The level of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group may significantly affect the 
trading price of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event and, therefore a reduction of the Original Principal Amounts of the Additional 
Tier 1 Capital Notes, is inherently unpredictable and depends on a number of factors, many of which may be 
outside the Issuer's control. Because the Relevant Regulator may require the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
to be calculated as of any date, a Trigger Event could occur at any time. The calculation of the Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group could be affected by a wide range of factors, including, among 
other things, factors affecting the level of the Issuer’s and/or the Group's earnings or dividend payments, the mix 
of businesses, the ability to effectively manage the risk exposure amounts in both the ongoing businesses and 
those the Issuer and/or the Group may seek to exit, losses in commercial banking, investment banking or other 
businesses, changes in the Group's structure or organisation, or any of the factors described in “Description of 
Jyske Bank A/S and the Jyske Bank Group”. The calculation of the ratios also may be affected by changes in 
applicable accounting rules and the manner in which accounting policies are applied, including the manner in 
which permitted discretion is under the applicable accounting rules is exercised. 
Due to the uncertainty regarding whether a Trigger Event will occur, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, 
the Original Principal Amount of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes may be reduced.  
In addition, it is difficult to predict whether any payment of interest in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes will be cancelled pursuant to the Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the case may be. Accordingly, the 
trading behaviour of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes may not necessarily follow the trading behaviour of other 
types of subordinated securities. Any indication that the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or 
the Group is approaching the level that would trigger a Trigger Event or that the Maximum Distributable Amount 
may have been, or is likely to be, exceeded may have an adverse effect on the market price and liquidity of the 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. The level of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the 
Group may significantly affect the trading price of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. Under such circumstances, 
investors may not be able to sell their Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes easily or at prices that will provide them 
with a yield comparable to more conventional investments. 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes have no fixed date for redemption 
The Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed date for redemption. The Issuer is 
under no obligation to redeem the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes at any time (except as provided in Condition 8 
or VPS Condition 8, as the case may be, and, in any such case, subject always to Condition 8(k) or VPS Condition 
8(k), as the case may be). There will be no redemption at the option of the Noteholders in any circumstances. 
Therefore, prospective investors in the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes should be aware that they will be required 
to bear the financial risks associated with an investment in long term securities.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
Uncertainties remain regarding the manner in which the CRD Directive, the CRR and the BRRD will be 
interpreted 
The defined terms in the Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the case may be, will depend in some cases on the 
final interpretation of the CRD Directive, the CRR and the BRRD.  
The CRD Directive, the CRR and the BRRD are a recently-adopted set of rules and regulations that imposes a 
series of new requirements, many of which will be phased in over a number of years. Certain portions of the CRD 
Directive required transposition into Danish law, and although the CRR will be directly applicable in each member 
state of the European Economic Area, it leaves a number of important interpretational issues to be resolved 
through binding technical standards that have been adopted, and will be adopted in the future, and leaves certain 
other matters to the discretion of the Relevant Regulator.  
The manner in which the framework and requirements under the CRD Directive, the CRR and the BRRD will be 
applied to the Issuer and the Group remains uncertain to a degree. 
In the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, the determination of the Maximum Distributable Amount and/or 
the M-MDA, as the case may be, (see “Interest on the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes may be cancelled in certain 
circumstances”) is particularly complex. The Maximum Distributable Amount and/or the M-MDA, as the case 
may be and as applicable, imposes a cap on the Issuer's ability to pay interest on the Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes and on the Issuer's ability to reinstate the Original Principal Amounts of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes 
following a reduction upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event. In each such case, Noteholders may receive less 
than the full amount due under the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Notes 
The Issuer’s obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of taxes 
under the terms of the Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid under such Notes and not to 
payments of principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms 
of the Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such 
withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal, holders of Notes may receive less than the 
full amount due under the Notes and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected. Holders of Notes 
should note that principal for these purposes may include any payments of premium. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such “benchmarks”  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, a 
Reference Rate or, in the case of Fixed Rate Reset Notes, a Mid-Swap Rate), are the subject of recent national 
and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the 
past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-European Union 
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by 
European Union supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised 
or registered (or, if non-European Union based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the United 
Kingdom. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the United Kingdom by United Kingdom supervised entities of

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-
United Kingdom based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to 
reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro 
area financial system.  
In Denmark, a working group formed by Finance Denmark (a Danish business association for banks, mortgage 
banks, asset management, securities trading and investment funds in Denmark) and the Money Market Committee 
proposed, in July 2019, its final recommendations on the assessment of possible candidates to a DKK risk-free 
reference rate based on wholesale overnight deposits named DESTR (Denmark short-term rate). In November 
2020, Danmarks Nationalbank (the central bank of Denmark) assumed responsibility for DESTR. Danmarks 
Nationalbank has started publishing DESTR as of 4 April 2022. The first publication will reflect trading activity 
on 1 April 2022. Thus, DESTR has been available for use in financial contracts with effect from 1 April 2022. 
The impact of DESTR on CIBOR is currently unclear. 
Separately, in Norway, a Norwegian working group on alternative reference rates in NOK has explored the 
possibility of an alternative reference rate and consequences of a discontinuation of NIBOR. In 2019, it 
recommended a modified Norwegian Overnight Weighted Average (“NOWA”) as the alternative reference rate 
for NIBOR which from 1 January 2020 has been administered by the Norwegian Central Bank (Norges Bank). 
The working group continued its work through 2020 by establishing two subgroups comprising a group for market 
standards and fallback provisions and a group for exploring the establishment of an Overnight Index Swap market 
in NOK. On 28 September 2020, the working group published a consultation paper on fallback provisions and 
term and spread adjustments between NIBOR and NOWA upon a discontinuation of NIBOR. The consultation 
paper was updated by the working group in Nowember 2021. Subsequently, in December 2021, the working group 
published guidelines on the use of NOWA in financial contracts and as a fallback solution. As of 29 April 2021, 
the Norwegian Central Bank has been publishing a NOWA compounded index and compounded NOWA averages 
to further support the use of NOWA as a reference rate for financial products.  
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, a “benchmark” (such as EURIBOR, CIBOR 
or NIBOR) will continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause the relevant “benchmark” (such as 
EURIBOR, CIBOR or NIBOR) to perform differently than they have done in the past, and may have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on 
certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark; and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
“benchmark”. 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate (such as EURIBOR, CIBOR or NIBOR) were discontinued 
or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Fixed Rate Reset Notes and Floating Rate Notes which are linked

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
to or which reference such benchmark rate will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions 
applicable to such Notes. The Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the case may be, provide for certain fallback 
arrangements in the event that a published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be 
published (or any successor service)), such as EURIBOR, CIBOR or NIBOR, becomes unavailable. 
If the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph occur and (i) in the case of Floating Rate Notes, Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the rate of interest is to be 
determined or (ii) in the case of Fixed Rate Reset Notes, Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate and, in each case, Reference Rate Replacement is also specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable (any such Notes “Relevant Notes”), such fallback arrangements will 
include the possibility that the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as 
the case may be, determined by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) determined by an Independent Adviser or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser 
or the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to make such determination, the Issuer (the Issuer, in any 
such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully in the Conditions 
or the VPS Conditions, as the case may be, of the Relevant Notes). 
In addition, if a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by the relevant Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), the Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the case may be, also provide that 
an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) to be 
applied to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, as the case may be. The Adjustment 
Spread is (i) the spread, formula or methodology which is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Reference Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body (which may 
include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central banks/supervisory authorities), (ii) if no 
such formal recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the spread, formula 
or methodology which the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate, or (iii) if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that no such 
spread is customarily applied, the spread, formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the relevant Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate, as the case may be. An Adjustment 
Spread could be positive, negative or zero and may not be effective in reducing or eliminating any economic 
prejudice to investors arising out of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). The application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the relevant 
Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the 
relevant Original Reference Rate (as applicable) were to continue to apply in its current form. If no Adjustment 
Spread is determined, a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to 
determine the Rate of Interest. 
In addition, in the case of Relevant Notes which are Floating Rate Notes, the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) may also determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that 
other amendments to the Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the case may be, are necessary in order to follow 
market practice in relation to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and to ensure the proper operation of the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable). 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or amendments described 
above. 
In certain circumstances (including, in the case of the Relevant Notes, if the Independent Adviser appointed by 
the Issuer fails to make the necessary determination), the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest for

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
a particular Interest Period, Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest 
for the last preceding Interest Period, Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may 
result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Reset Notes (as applicable) 
based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page for the purposes of determining the rate 
of interest in respect of an Interest Period, an Interest Accrual Period or a Reset Period (as applicable). In addition, 
due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Reference Rates and Alternative Reference Rates 
and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at 
the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate 
could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Reset 
Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Reset Notes. Investors should note that, in the case of Relevant Notes, the 
relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such 
adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the 
particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder. 
In addition, potential investors should also note that: 
(i) 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other 
amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made if, and to the extent that, in the determination of the 
relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the Relevant Notes as (A) in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, MREL Eligible Liabilities; (B) in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital; 
or (C) in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the 
Group; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Noes only, no Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of 
the Notes will be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the relevant Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as applicable), the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator 
treating the next Interest Payment Date (or any future Interest Payment Date) as the effective maturity of 
the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
In all such circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest (which is described above) will 
apply.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any of the 
international or national reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or 
referencing a “benchmark”. 
The reset of the Rate of Interest fixed with respect to Fixed Rate Reset Notes on each Reset Date could affect 
the market value of an investment in such Notes 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the fixed rate per cent. per annum specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the “Initial Rate of Interest”) until the Reset Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
more than one Reset Date is specified, the first Reset Date specified in the Final Terms (in each case, as defined 
in the Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the case may be). On the Reset Date (or on each Reset Date, if more 
than one Reset Date is specified), the Rate of Interest will be reset to the aggregate of the applicable Subsequent 
Reset Reference Rate and the applicable Margin (each as defined in the Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the 
case may be), as determined by the Calculation Agent. Such reset Rate of Interest could be less than the Initial

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
Rate of Interest and/or, as applicable, less than the Rate of Interest determined on any previous Reset 
Determination Date (as defined in the Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the case may be), and could 
accordingly affect the market value of an investment in the Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest 
basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may 
result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the 
spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be 
lower than then prevailing rates on other fixed rate Notes of the Issuer at the time and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to fluctuate 
more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing Notes. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing Notes with comparable maturities.  
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a ‘Green Bond’, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to apply an amount equal to the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for Green Loans (as 
defined in “Use of Proceeds” below) that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes and Notes 
issued thereunder to be referred to as “Green Bonds”. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any 
Green Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other 
assets and there will be no direct or contractual link between any Green Bonds and any Green Loans.  
Prospective investors should have regard to the information in this Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms 
regarding such use of an amount equal to such proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds together with any other investigation such 
investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of an amount 
equal to such proceeds for any Green Loans will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own 
by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the 
relevant Green Loans). Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an 
equivalently-labelled loan or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular loan to be defined as “green” 
or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or 
consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any loans or uses 
the subject of, or related to, any Green Loans will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including under Regulation (EU) 2020/852 
on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so-called EU Taxonomy)) or that 
any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects 
or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Loans. The Issuer has published a framework relating to an 
investment 
in 
Green 
Loans 
which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://investor.jyskebank.com/investorrelations/sustainability/gff) and which may be amended or updated from

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
time to time (the “Issuer’s Green Bond Framework”). The most recent version of the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework will be available on the Issuer’s website. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion 
or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be made available 
in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any Green Loans to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. Any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the 
date that opinion was issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions 
and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person 
that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Loans. Furthermore, 
it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange 
or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or 
any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds 
or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the loss of any such listing or admission to trading will not give rise to any redemption 
rights under the terms of the Green Bonds.  
It is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds in, or substantially 
in, the manner described in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, this Prospectus and/or the applicable Final 
Terms. However, whilst (in line with the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework) the Issuer aims to ensure timely 
allocation of an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds to Green Loans there can be no 
assurance that the relevant loan(s) or use(s) which are the subject of, or related to, any Green Loans will be capable 
of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly the amount equal to such proceeds will be totally disbursed for the specified Green Loans. Nor can 
there be any assurance that such Green Loans will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the 
results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
While any Green Bond net proceeds remain unallocated, the Issuer will hold and/or invest the balance of net 
proceeds not yet allocated to green or sustainable activities to cash or other short-term and liquid securities.  
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for any Green 
Loans, as aforesaid, or to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications, or the fact 
that the maturity of a Green Loan may not match the minimum duration of any Green Bond, or the failure by the 
Issuer to meet any other environmental or sustainability targets, will not (i) constitute an event of default or an 
Enforcement Event under the relevant Green Bonds, (ii) create an obligation for the Issuer to redeem the relevant 
Green Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not exercise any optional redemption 
rights in respect of any such Green Bonds; (iii) give Noteholders an option to redeem the relevant Green Bonds; 
(iv) constitute an incentive to redeem; or (v) prejudice the relevant Green Bonds’ qualification as Additional Tier 
1 Capital, Tier 2 Capital or MREL Eligible Liabilities (as applicable). Any Green Bonds may also be subject, as 
applicable, to any of the other risks highlighted in the sections “Risks related to the structure of a particular issue 
of Notes” and “Risks related to Notes generally”, including any bail-in and resolution measures available under

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
BRRD in the same way as any other Notes issued under the Programme are subject thereto, see “Resolution tools 
and powers under the BRRD” below. In particular, Green Bonds will be subject to the exercise of the general bail-
in tool and/or the non-viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes) to the same extent and with the same ranking as any other Note which is not a Green Bond. Further, any 
Green Bonds, as with other Notes, will be fully subject to the application of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD 
requirements and, as such, proceeds from any such Green Bonds will cover all losses in the balance sheet of the 
Issuer regardless of their “green”, “social” or “sustainable” label. Additionally, their labelling as Green Bonds 
will not (i) affect the regulatory treatment of such Notes as Additional Tier 1 Capital, Tier 2 Capital or MREL 
Eligible Liabilities (as applicable) or (ii) have any impact on their status as indicated in Condition 3 or VPS 
Condition 3, as the case may be.  
The payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds shall not depend on the 
performance of the relevant Green Loans or any other environmental or sustainability targets of the Issuer, nor 
will any investors in the same have any preferred right against such assets.  
The withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above, or any such opinion or certification attesting 
that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is 
opining or certifying on, and/or any such Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Bonds, 
and also potentially the value of any other Green Bonds which are intended to finance Green Loans, and/or result 
in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose.  
Investors should refer to the Issuer's website and the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (as further described in 
“Use of Proceeds” below) for further information.  
RISKS RELATED TO NOTES GENERALLY 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Resolution tools and powers under the BRRD 
Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The BRRD, including the general bail-in tool, non-viability loss absorption and the Minimum Requirement for 
own funds and Eligible Liabilities (“MREL requirement”) is implemented into Danish law by way of the Danish 
Recovery and Resolution Act and by amendments to the Danish Financial Business Act. Any reference to the 
BRRD below shall include the implementation hereof into Danish law. 
The BRRD confers substantial powers on national resolution authorities designed to enable them to take a range 
of actions in relation to credit institutions which are considered to be at risk of failing. The exercise of any of 
these actions in relation to the Issuer could materially adversely affect the value of any Notes. 
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities designated by Member States with a credible set of tools to intervene 
sufficiently early and quickly in relation to unsound or failing credit institutions, investment firms, certain 
financial institutions and certain holding companies (each, a “relevant entity”) to ensure the continuity of the 
relevant entity’s critical financial and economic functions while minimising the impact of a relevant entity’s 
failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD contains various resolution powers which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant 
resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect 
that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such relevant entity within a reasonable 
timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. A relevant entity will be considered as failing or 
likely to fail when either: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing 
authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial 
support (except in limited circumstances). 
Is such circumstances, the relevant resolution authority may use the following resolution tools and powers alone 
or in combination without the consent of the relevant entity’s creditors: (i) sale of business – which enables 
resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of its business on commercial 
terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the 
relevant entity to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public 
control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation 
– which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets (including, without limitation, impaired or problem assets) 
to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising 
their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool 
only); and (iv) bail-in – which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured 
creditors of a failing relevant entity (which write-down may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and to 
convert certain unsecured debt claims (including the Notes) to equity or other instruments of ownership (the 
“general bail-in tool”), which equity or other instruments of ownership could also be subject to any future 
application of the general bail-in tool. 
Depositor preference and the general bail-in tool 
The Danish implementation of the Revised Deposit Guarantee Scheme (see “Risks relating to the Jyske Bank 
Group’s participation in the Deposit Guarantee Scheme and resolution fund”) increased the nature and quantum 
of insured deposits to cover a wide range of deposits, including certain corporate deposits (unless the depositor is 
a public sector body or financial institution) and some temporary high value deposits. The effect of these changes 
is to increase the size of the class of preferred creditors. All such preferred deposits will rank in the insolvency 
hierarchy ahead of all other unsecured creditors of the Issuer, including the Noteholders. Furthermore, insured 
deposits are excluded from the scope of the general bail-in tool. As a result, if the general bail-in tool were 
exercised by the relevant resolution authority, the Notes would be more likely to be bailed-in than certain other 
unsubordinated liabilities of the Issuer such as other preferred deposits. Furthermore, the insolvency hierarchy 
could be changed in the future. 
The non-viability loss absorption tool 
In addition to, but independently of, the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have 
the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity, capital instruments such as Tier 2 capital 
(including the Subordinated Notes) and Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments (including the Additional Tier 1 
Capital Notes) at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (“non-viability loss 
absorption”). Any shares issued to holders of the Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes upon 
any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool and/or the other 
resolution powers outlined above. Resolution authorities are required to implement non-viability loss absorption 
ahead of, or simultaneously with, any resolution action. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability under 
the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the conditions 
for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority determines that the relevant 
entity or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes 
and Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) are written-down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial support 
is required by the relevant entity or its group other than, where the relevant entity is an institution, for the purposes 
of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State and to preserve financial stability. A group 
shall be deemed to be failing or likely to fail where the group infringes or there are objective elements to support 
a determination that the group, in the near future, will infringe its consolidated solvency requirements in a way 
that would justify action by the relevant authority including, but not limited to, where the group has incurred or is 
likely to incur losses that will deplete all or a significant amount of its own funds (as defined in the CRR).

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
Additional powers of Member States and resolution authorities 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the above resolution 
tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary 
public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of public equity support and 
temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with 
the EU state aid framework. 
The BRRD also provides resolution authorities with broader powers to implement other resolution measures with 
respect to distressed relevant entities, which may include (without limitation) the replacement or substitution of 
the relevant entity as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments 
(including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on 
payments) and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. 
MREL requirement 
With the implementation of the BRRD, European banks are required to have bail in-able resources in order to 
fulfil its MREL requirement. There is no minimum EU-wide level of the MREL requirement – each resolution 
authority is required to make a separate determination of the appropriate MREL requirement for each resolution 
group within its jurisdiction, depending on the resolvability, risk profile, systemic importance and other 
characteristics of each relevant entity. The resolution strategy for the Group is single point of entry at the level of 
the Issuer being the resolution entity and the Issuer and its subsidiaries being the resolution group. In December 
2021, the Danish FSA published its decision to set the MREL requirement for the Group. The MREL requirement 
was determined on the basis of year-end 2020 numbers. The MREL requirement is set for the Issuer on 
consolidated basis on resolution group level to 27.3 per cent. of the Issuer’s consolidated REA (however, except 
with respect to Jyske Realkredit, see below) and 6.0 per cent. of the Issuer’s consolidated total exposure (however, 
except with respect to Jyske Realkredit, see below). On the basis of the MREL requirement and the consolidated 
combined buffer requirement of the Issuer, the Danish FSA determined that an amount equal to 27.3 per cent. of 
the Issuer’s consolidated REA must be met with own funds instruments and liabilities that bear losses before 
senior claims (the “MREL subordination requirement”). From 30 September 2022, the Issuer’s MREL 
subordination requirement will increase to 28.3 per cent. of the Issuer’s consolidated REA, reflecting the planned 
re-activation of the countercyclical capital buffer for Danish exposures. Danish mortgage credit institutions, such 
as Jyske Realkredit are exempt from the MREL requirement and is not included in the consolidation when 
determining the MREL requirement. Instead Danish mortgage credit institutions are subject to a so-called debt 
buffer requirement. See “Description of Jyske Bank A/S and the Jyske Bank Group” – “Overview loss absorption 
capital, MREL and debt buffer requirements”. 
The MREL requirement will be set annually (but may be updated over the year, for example in the case of a 
change to the countercyclical capital buffer) on the basis of the entity’s resolution plan and it is the Danish FSA, 
following consultation with Finansiel Stabilitet, which sets the MREL requirement for each relevant entity. 
Accordingly, the Issuer’s MREL requirement may change over the year. If a relevant entity does not fulfil the 
MREL requirement, the relevant authority may withdraw its banking licence. Also, a comparable concept for loss 
absorption, Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (“TLAC”) has been set for G-SII’s. The TLAC requirement also took 
effect from 2019. 
The Insolvency Hierarchy Directive 
On 12 December 2017, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted Directive 
2017/2399/EU amending the BRRD (the “Insolvency Hierarchy Directive”) as regards the ranking of unsecured 
debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. The Insolvency Hierarchy Directive enables banks to issue debt in a 
new statutory category of unsecured debt which would rank below the most senior debt and other senior liabilities 
for the purposes of resolution (a so-called “Non-Preferred Senior debt”). The directive has been transposed into 
national law in Denmark and was adopted by the Danish Parliament on 8 June 2018 by Act No. 706 and became 
effective on 1 July 2018.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
The BRRD Amendment Directive 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 and published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 (the “BRRD Amendment Directive”) includes, among 
other things, rules implementing TLAC into EU legislation and the introduction of the concepts of (i) maximum 
distributable amount related to the MREL requirement (M-MDA) (see “Interest on the Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes may be cancelled in certain circumstances”) and (ii) resolution groups and resolution entities. According 
to the Danish BRRDII/CRDV Act, the rules implementing the BRRD Amendment Directive into Danish law 
have, with certain exemptions, entered into force on 28 December 2020. The CRR as amended by way of the CRR 
Amendment Regulation and the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act set the requirement for the instruments that 
can be used to fulfil the MREL requirement. Furthermore, the BRRD Amendment Directive impacts the 
interaction between the MREL requirement and the combined capital buffer requirement) (see “Interest on the 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes may be cancelled in certain circumstances”). See “Risks related to the structure 
of a particular issue of Notes” – “The Non-Preferred Senior Notes rank junior to the Issuer’s other unsubordinated 
creditors” and “Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes” – “The Issuer’s obligations under 
Subordinated Notes are subordinated” and “The Issuer’s obligations under Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes are 
deeply subordinated” regarding the Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD Amendment Directive.  
Exercise of powers under the BRRD 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed, as well 
as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. The BRRD outlines the priority ranking of certain deposits in 
an insolvency hierarchy, which required changes to the insolvency hierarchy in Denmark and which was further 
amended by way of the Insolvency Hierarchy Directive. The BRRD establishes a preference in the ordinary 
insolvency hierarchy, firstly for insured depositors and, secondly, for all other deposits of individuals and micro, 
small and medium-sized enterprises held in the European Economic Area or non-European Economic Area 
branches of a European Economic Area bank. These preferred deposits rank ahead of all other unsecured senior 
creditors of the Issuer in the insolvency hierarchy. Furthermore, the insolvency hierarchy could be changed in the 
future. 
Any application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption under the BRRD shall be in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such 
application on Noteholders will depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority 
given to other creditors such as depositors. See “Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes” – 
“The Non-Preferred Senior Notes rank junior to the Issuer’s other unsubordinated creditors” and “Risks related 
to the structure of a particular issue of Notes” – “The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are 
subordinated” and “The Issuer’s obligations under Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes are deeply subordinated”. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of Notes pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool and/or 
the non-viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) is less 
favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a holder has a 
right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the relevant entity (which is referred 
to as the “no creditor worse off principle” under the BRRD). However, any such compensation is unlikely to 
compensate that holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in the 
recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be made considerably later 
than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the Notes that have been subject to the application of the 
general bail-in tool and the non-viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 
Capital Notes).  
The exercise of any power under the BRRD, or any suggestion of such exercise, could have a material adverse 
effect on the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the 
Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. Although the BRRD, as implemented, contains certain limited 
safeguards for creditors in specific circumstances, including a safeguard that aims to ensure that they do not incur 
greater losses than they would have incurred had the relevant entity been wound up under normal insolvency

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
proceedings, there can be no assurance that these safeguards will be effective if such powers are exercised. The 
determination that any power under the BRRD shall be exercised or that all or a part of the principal amount of 
the Notes will be subject to bail-in is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors 
which may be outside of the Group’s control. The application of the general bail-in tool and/or the non-viability 
loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) with respect to the Notes 
may result in the write-down or cancellation of all, or a portion of, the principal amount of, or outstanding amount 
payable in respect of, and/or interest on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal 
amount of, or outstanding amount payable in respect of, or interest on, the Notes into shares or other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to the terms of the Notes to 
give effect to such application of the general bail-in tool. Accordingly, potential investors in the Notes should 
consider the risk that the general bail-in tool and/or the non-viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated 
Notes and Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) may be applied in such a manner as to result in Noteholders losing all 
or a part of the value of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than the Notes, which may 
be worth significantly less than the Notes and which may have significantly fewer protections than those typically 
afforded to debt securities. Moreover, the relevant resolution authority may exercise its authority to apply the 
general bail-in tool and/or the non-viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 
1 Capital Notes) without providing any advance notice to the Noteholders. The exercise of any power under the 
BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of the relevant 
Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any relevant Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under any relevant Notes. 
Modification and waivers 
The Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the case may be, contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders 
to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through 
the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written 
resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority. In the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes, any modification of the Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the case may be, pursuant to the operation 
of such provisions is subject to Condition 8(k) or VPS Condition 8(k), as the case may be. 
In addition, the Issuer may, subject to Condition 8(k) or VPS Condition 8(k), as the case may be in the case of 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, make any modification to 
the Notes of any Series, the Conditions or the VPS Conditions, as the case may be, of any Series, the Agency 
Agreement (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes only) and/or (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes 
only) the Declaration of Direct Rights which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders of such Series 
without the consent of the Noteholders. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders of such Series. 
Change of law 
The Conditions are based on Danish law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can 
be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Danish or other applicable laws, regulations 
or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. Such changes in law may include, but are 
not limited to, the introduction of a variety of statutory resolution and loss-absorption tools which may affect the 
rights of holders of securities issued by the Issuer, including the Notes. Such tools may include the ability to write 
off sums otherwise payable on such securities at a time when the Issuer is no longer considered viable by its 
regulator or upon the occurrence of another trigger. 
The VPS Conditions are based on Danish law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant VPS Notes, save for 
Conditions 2, 13 and 14 of the VPS Conditions which are based on Norwegian law in effect as at the date of issue 
of the relevant VPS Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change 
to Danish, Norwegian or other applicable laws, regulations or administrative practice after the date of issue of the 
relevant VPS Notes. Such changes in law may include, but are not limited to, the introduction of a variety of

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
statutory resolution and loss-absorption tools which may affect the rights of holders of securities issued by the 
Issuer, including the VPS Notes. Such tools may include the ability to write off sums otherwise payable on such 
securities at a time when the Issuer is no longer considered viable by its regulator or upon the occurrence of 
another trigger. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may, 
in the case of Notes other than VP Notes or, as the case may be, VPS Notes,  be adversely affected if definitive 
Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded 
in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum 
Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such 
holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder of Notes other than 
VP Notes or, as the case may be, VPS Notes who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant 
time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that 
its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult 
to trade. 
Investors in VP Notes who hold less than the minimum trading amount may be unable to sell their Notes  
In the case of VP Notes, if so determined in the applicable Final Terms, the VP set-up entails that the initial 
subscription amount of, and all subsequent trades in, the Notes shall be in a minimum amount of €100,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). Consequently, 
a Noteholder who, as a result of trading the Notes through VP or in the case of application of the general bail-in 
tool with respect to the Notes and/or the non-viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) and/or a write-down of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes pursuant to Condition 
6(a), holds an amount which is less than €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency) in its account with the VP will not be able to trade or sell the remainder 
of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of the Notes (for a minimum amount of €100,000) 
(or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) such that 
its holding is in an amount of at least €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency). 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, credit risk 
and interest rate risk: 
The secondary market 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If an active trading 
market does not develop or is not maintained, the market price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely 
affected. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid and any liquidity in such market could be significantly 
affected by any purchase and cancellation of the Notes by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries as provided in 
Condition 8 or VPS Condition 8, as the case may be. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks,

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. Illiquidity may have an adverse effect on the market value of the 
Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose 
or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of 
the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Credit ratings 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In addition, rating agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. For example, the Issuer decided to 
terminate its rating agreement with Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”) rating agency in 2013. 
However, due to the Issuer’s systemic importance in Denmark, Moody’s continues to rate the Issuer on an 
unsolicited basis based only on publicly available information. In such circumstances, there can be no assurance 
that the unsolicited rating(s) will not be lower than the comparable solicited ratings assigned to the Notes, which 
could adversely affect the market value and liquidity of the Notes. 
The Issuer’s credit ratings are important to its business. There can be no assurance that any relevant rating agency 
will not downgrade the ratings of the Issuer or the ratings of the Issuer’s debt instruments (including the Notes) 
either as a result of the financial position of the Jyske Bank Group or changes to applicable rating methodologies 
used by any relevant rating agency. A rating agency’s evaluation of the Issuer may also be based on a number of 
factors not entirely within the control of the Issuer, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry 
generally. Any reduction in the Issuer’s credit ratings or the ratings of its debt instruments, including any 
unsolicited credit rating, could adversely affect its liquidity and competitive position, undermine confidence in 
the Issuer and the Jyske Bank Group, increase its borrowing costs, limit its access to the capital markets, or limit 
the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with the Issuer and the Jyske Bank Group. Such 
development could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer and the Jyske Bank Group’s business, financial 
situation, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the European Economic Area, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Economic Area and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the 
registration application is pending). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by 
third country non-European Economic Area credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed 
by an European Economic Area-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may 
be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant 
rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the United Kingdom are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, United Kingdom regulated investors are required to use for United Kingdom regulatory purposes ratings 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
In the case of ratings issued by third country non-United Kingdom credit rating agencies, third country credit 
ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a United Kingdom registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third 
country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in 
each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been 
withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third 
country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory 
purposes in the United Kingdom, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the 
European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Prospectus. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Reset Note may be adversely affected by movements in market 
interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes. 
In addition, a holder of securities with a fixed interest rate that will be periodically reset during the term of the 
relevant securities, such as Fixed Rate Reset Notes, is also exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels 
and uncertain interest income.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Prospectus:  
(i) 
the interim financial report of the Issuer for the three-month period ended 31 March 2022 (the “Q1 
2022 
Interim 
Financial 
Report”), 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://investor.jyskebank.com/wps/wcm/connect/jbc/e80f516e-db40-4c50-938b-
e3945f8bb6cf/Jyske+Bank+Interim+Financial+Report+Q1+2022.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CONVER
T_TO=url&CACHEID=ROOTWORKSPACE.Z18_P20418S0N05640Q0MBPDFT1666-e80f516e-
db40-4c50-938b-e3945f8bb6cf-o293itI, excluding the section “Outlook” on page 4 thereof; 
(ii) 
the annual report of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (the “2021 Annual 
Report”), 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://investor.jyskebank.com/wps/wcm/connect/jbc/dc9bcfe7-6fe3-4060-8bd1-
a16e5955ecf1/Jyske+Bank+Annual+Report+2021.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CONVERT_TO=url&C
ACHEID=ROOTWORKSPACE.Z18_P20418S0N05640Q0MBPDFT1666-dc9bcfe7-6fe3-4060-
8bd1-a16e5955ecf1-nYxd4Jr, excluding the section “Outlook” on page 7 thereof;  
(iii) 
the annual report of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (the “2020 Annual 
Report”), 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://investor.jyskebank.com/wps/wcm/connect/jbc/24d51ec5-9b16-419f-b8a3-
5e0a54b7bb8a/Jyske+Bank+Annual+Report+2020.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CONVERT_TO=url&C
ACHEID=ROOTWORKSPACE.Z18_P20418S0N05640Q0MBPDFT1666-24d51ec5-9b16-419f-
b8a3-5e0a54b7bb8a-nyD4DMz, excluding the section “Outlook” on page 5 thereof; 
(iv) 
the Risk and Capital Management report of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, 
which can be viewed online at https://investor.jyskebank.com/wps/wcm/connect/jbc/2a8362d8-02ad-
4855-bb73-db2194cfaeee/Risk+and+Capital+Management+2021.pdf?MOD=AJPERES;  
(v) 
the Risk and Capital Management report of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
which can be viewed online at https://www.jyskebank.dk/wps/wcm/connect/jfo/e7478ce4-7cc9-4ea3-
9ee9-
65d2405ae1d6/Risk+and+Capital+Management+2020.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CONVERT_TO=ur
l&CACHEID=ROOTWORKSPACE.Z18_P20418S0N05640Q0MBPDFT1PE7-e7478ce4-7cc9-
4ea3-9ee9-65d2405ae1d6-nvdQqgM; 
(vi) 
the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the Notes Other Than VPS Notes” at pages 53 to 108 of 
the Prospectus dated 18 May 2021, in respect of the Jyske Bank A/S U.S.$8,000,000,000 Euro 
Medium 
Term 
Note 
Programme, 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://investor.jyskebank.com/wps/wcm/connect/jbc/f1d63106-1f64-47e5-b7eb-
51005a2a7335/EMTN+2021+-+Prospectus.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=nHySJfp;  
(vii) 
the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” at pages 10 to 55 of the Supplemental 
Prospectus dated 12 March 2021, in respect of the Jyske Bank A/S U.S.$8,000,000,000 Euro Medium 
Term 
Note 
Programme, 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://investor.jyskebank.com/wps/wcm/connect/jbc/0329df58-651a-4250-8381-
ac10fbb95135/SUPPLEMENTARY+PROSPECTUS+DATED+12+MARCH+2021.pdf?MOD=AJP
ERES&CVID=nwQQzxH; 
(viii) 
the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” at pages 49 to 104 of the Prospectus dated 
24 August 2020, in respect of the Jyske Bank A/S U.S.$8,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme, 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
https://investor.jyskebank.com/wps/wcm/connect/jbc/5164a1b8-590d-41a0-b733-
330774c6ad5f/EMTN-2020-Prospectus.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=ngLWIem; 
(ix) 
the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” at pages 47 to 104 of the Prospectus dated 
11 June 2019, in respect of the Jyske Bank A/S U.S.$8,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme, 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_27a2a7a9-2aae-480e-a035-
2fb5eb1166ce.pdf; and  
(x) 
the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” at pages 35 to 82 of the Prospectus dated 30 
August 2018, in respect of the Jyske Bank A/S U.S.$8,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme, 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_bad6e897-a196-4e83-a6c8-
550d60c08738.pdf. 
Such documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Prospectus, save that any statement contained in 
a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the 
documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus shall not form part of this Prospectus. 
Those parts of the 2021 Annual Report, 2020 Annual Report and the Q1 2022 Interim Financial Report which are 
not specifically incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, are either not relevant for investors in the Notes or 
are covered elsewhere in this Prospectus.  
The audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 
and 2020, together, in each case, with the audit report thereon, and the unaudited consolidated interim financial 
statements of the Issuer for the three-month period ended 31 March 2022 have, in each case, been translated into 
English and represent a direct and accurate translation from the Danish language originals. If there are any 
inconsistencies or discrepancies between the Danish language versions and the English translations thereof, the 
original Danish language versions shall prevail. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus may be obtained from (i) the registered office 
of the Issuer, and (ii) the website of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES OTHER THAN VPS NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions 
of Part A of the Final Terms relating to a particular Tranche or Series of Notes, will be incorporated by reference 
into each Global Note or Global Certificate and each Definitive Note or Definitive Certificate, in the latter case 
only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of 
issue or which, subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions, will be endorsed on such 
Definitive Notes or Definitive Certificates.  
The following terms and conditions, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the 
applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to each VP Note, although such VP Note will not be evidenced by any 
physical note or any other document of title.  
References in the terms and conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series (or, in the case of a Series of 
Notes comprising separate Tranches, one Tranche of Notes) only, not to all Notes which may be issued under the 
Programme from time to time.  
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Jyske Bank A/S (the “Issuer”). Unless the 
context otherwise requires, references herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and 
shall mean: 
(a) 
in the case of Bearer Notes: 
(i) 
in relation to any such Notes represented by a global note (each a “Global Note”), units of the 
lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note (each a “Definitive Note”); and 
(iii) 
any Global Note; 
(b) 
in the case of Registered Notes, such Notes whether represented by Certificate(s) in global form (each a 
“Global Certificate”) or definitive form; and 
(c) 
in the case of VP Notes, such Notes issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. 
Save to the extent specified therein, the Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) are issued with the benefit of 
an amended and restated Agency Agreement dated 10 May 2022 (as further supplemented, amended and/or 
updated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) and made among the Issuer, The Bank of New York 
Mellon, London Branch as issuing agent (in such capacity, the “Issuing Agent”, which expression shall include 
any successor issuing agent), as principal paying agent (in such capacity, the “Principal Paying Agent”, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor principal paying agents), as calculation agent (in such 
capacity, the “Calculation Agent”, which expression shall include any additional or successor calculation agents) 
and as safekeeper and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the “Registrar”, 
which expression shall include any additional or successor registrars) and the other paying agents and transfer 
agents named therein (together, in each case, with the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar respectively the 
“Paying Agents” and “Transfer Agents” which expressions shall include any additional or successor paying 
agents or transfer agents) and with the benefit of a Declaration of Direct Rights dated 10 May 2022 (as restated, 
amended and/or updated from time to time, the “Declaration of Direct Rights”) executed by the Issuer in relation 
to the Notes. 
Interest bearing Definitive Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Talons may be required if more than twenty 
seven coupon payments need to be made with regards to the relevant Notes. Any reference herein to Coupons or 
coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
Part A of the applicable Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) is attached to, endorsed on 
or incorporated by reference into this Note and completes these Conditions. References herein to “Part A of the 
applicable Final Terms” or “applicable Final Terms” are to the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
attached to, endorsed on or incorporated by reference into this Note. References herein to the “Conditions” of the 
Notes are to these terms and conditions as completed by Part A of the applicable Final Terms. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and “Series” 
means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (i) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their 
respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Declaration of Direct Rights are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Issuing Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and the other Paying 
Agents and Transfer Agents.  
The Noteholders (as defined in Condition 1) and the holders of the Coupons (the “Couponholders”, which 
expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons) are deemed to have 
notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Declaration of Direct 
Rights and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in Part A of the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and Part A of the applicable 
Final Terms, Part A of the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), in registered form (“Registered Notes”), in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form settled through VP Securities A/S (the “VP”) (“VP 
Notes”), in any such case in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s) and all as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes 
or VP Notes, Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes or VP Notes and VP Notes 
will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes or Registered Notes. 
The Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes may be adjusted as provided for (in the case of 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) in Condition 6 or (in the case of all Notes) as otherwise required by then 
current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer. Any such adjustment to the Outstanding 
Principal Amounts of the Notes will not have any effect on the Specified Denomination(s) of such Notes. 
All Registered Notes have the same Specified Denomination. Registered Notes are represented by 
certificates (“Certificates”), each Certificate representing the entire holding of Registered Notes by the 
same holder. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Rate Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or 
a combination of any of the foregoing, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note is a Preferred Senior Note, a Non-Preferred Senior Note, a Subordinated Note or an Additional 
Tier 1 Capital Note, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are serially numbered and issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon 
Notes in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
VP Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form and will not be evidenced 
by any physical note or any other document of title. Legal title to VP Notes will be evidenced by book 
entries in the records of VP. In the case of VP Notes, in addition to a Specified Denomination, it may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms that all trades in the Notes as well as the initial subscription 
amount for the Notes shall be a certain minimum amount.  
Subject as set out below, title to Bearer Notes and Coupons passes by delivery. Title to Registered Notes 
passes by registration in the register (the “Register”) which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the 
Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note or Coupon shall 
be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Note or Coupon, as the case may be, 
for the purpose of receiving payment thereon or on account thereof and for all other purposes, whether 
or not such Note or Coupon shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss 
thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone.  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), as the case may be. References to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include 
a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Transfers of VP Notes will be effected only through the book entry system and register maintained by 
the VP in accordance with its rules and procedures. 
In these Conditions:  
“nominal amount” means, in respect of a Note or Notes held by a Noteholder, unless the context 
otherwise requires, the Outstanding Principal Amount(s) of such Note(s). 
“Noteholder” means, as the case may be and subject as provided in this definition, the bearer of any 
Bearer Note, the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered or the person evidenced as the 
owner of a VP Note by a book entry in the records of the VP and “holder” means, as the case may be, 
(in relation to a Note or, if applicable, Coupon) the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon, the person in 
whose name a Registered Note is registered or the person evidenced as the owner of a VP Note by a book 
entry in the records of the VP; provided that, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note or a 
Global Certificate, for so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate 
held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate 
or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such 
Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the 
case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the agents under the Agency Agreement as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant 
Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Global Certificate shall be treated by the Issuer and 
any agent under the Agency Agreement as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate and the 
expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.  
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means, in respect of a Note: 
(i) 
if such Note is a Preferred Senior Note, Non-Preferred Senior Note or Subordinated Note, the 
outstanding principal amount of such Note, as adjusted from time to time for any reduction of

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
the principal amount of such Note as required by then current legislation and/or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
if such Note is an Additional Tier 1 Capital Note, the outstanding principal amount of such 
Note, as adjusted from time to time for any reduction or reinstatement of the principal amount 
of such Note in accordance with Condition 6 or as otherwise required by then current legislation 
and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer,  
and “Outstanding Principal Amounts” means the sum of the Outstanding Principal Amount of each 
Note. 
2 
Transfer of Registered Notes in Definitive Form and Other Matters 
(a) 
Transfers 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender, at the specified office of 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be 
transferred, with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate duly completed and executed 
and together with such other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require 
and subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may prescribe. In the 
case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, 
a new Certificate will be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further 
new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred will be issued to the 
transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed 
regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations 
may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and the 
Noteholders. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any 
Noteholder upon request. 
(b) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of the Issuer’s option to redeem the Notes in respect of, or a partial 
redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new 
Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the 
balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in 
Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall be 
issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New Certificates shall 
only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of 
Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued 
against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(c) 
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 2(a) or (b) will be available for delivery 
within three Business Days of the date of receipt of a request for exchange, form of transfer or 
surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of new Certificate(s) shall be made at the 
specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar, as the case may be, to whom delivery 
or surrender of such request, form of transfer or Certificate shall have been made or, at the 
option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the 
relevant request for exchange, form of transfer or otherwise in writing, shall be mailed at the 
risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified. In this 
Condition 2(c), “Business Day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be. 
(d) 
Transfer Free of Charge 
Transfers of Certificates will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the 
Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require in respect thereof) of any tax or other 
governmental charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
(e) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during the 
period of 15 calendar days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the 
period of 15 calendar days prior to any date on which Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer at 
its option pursuant to Condition 8(e), (iii) after any such Note has been drawn for redemption 
in whole or in part or (iv) during the period of seven calendar days ending on (and including) 
any Record Date.  
3 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Status of Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 3(a) only applies to Preferred Senior Notes. 
The Preferred Senior Notes are intended, on issue, to constitute MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
The Preferred Senior Notes and any relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu, without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
at least pari passu with all other outstanding senior, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (save for obligations which may be preferred by law, including 
obligations benefitting from a preferred ranking to the Preferred Senior Notes), present 
and future, without any preference by reason of priority of date of creation, currency of 
payment or otherwise as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
senior to any Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer as regards the right to 
receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to 
receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Status of Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 3(b) only applies to Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes on issue constitute Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the 
Issuer.  
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes are intended, on issue, to constitute MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes and any relative Coupons constitute direct and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and shall at all times rank:

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any other obligations or instruments that rank or are expressed to rank 
pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior Notes (including any other Non-Preferred 
Senior Obligations of the Issuer), in each case as regards the right to receive periodic 
payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment 
of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to holders of the Ordinary Shares and any other obligations or capital instruments 
of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
or any obligations pursuant to Section 98 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act, in each case 
as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act and (c) any 
other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Non-
Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer, in each case as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.  
(c) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3(c) only applies to Subordinated Notes. The Subordinated Notes 
(kapitalbeviser) on issue constitute Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and the Group. 
The Subordinated Notes (kapitalbeviser) and any relative Coupons constitute direct, unsecured 
and subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer and rank and shall, subject to (A) the Danish 
implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD in Section 13(4) (as amended or replaced from 
time to time) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act and/or (B) Section 13(5) (as amended 
or replaced from time to time) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute 
Tier 2 Capital and (b) any other obligations or capital instruments that rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the 
right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the 
right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to (a) holders of the Ordinary Shares, (b) any obligations or capital instruments 
of the Issuer which constitute Tier 1 Capital and (c) any other obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated 
Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer (including unsubordinated creditors pursuant to Section 97 of 
the Danish Bankruptcy Act and unsubordinated creditors that are creditors in respect 
of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations) and (c) subordinated creditors of the Issuer other 
than the present or future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari 
passu with or junior to the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to 
receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Status of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes 
This Condition 3(d) only applies to Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. The Additional Tier 1 
Capital Notes (kapitalbeviser) on issue constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and the 
Group. 
Subject to Condition 6, the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes (kapitalbeviser) and any relative 
Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer and rank 
and shall, subject to (A) the Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD in Section 
13(4) (as amended or replaced from time to time) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act 
and/or (B) Section 13(5) (as amended or replaced from time to time) of the Danish Recovery 
and Resolution Act, at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute 
Additional Tier 1 Capital and (b) any other obligations or capital instruments of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments (to the extent any 
such periodic payment has not been cancelled) on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to (a) holders of the Ordinary Shares and (b) any other obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Additional 
Tier 1 Capital Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments (to 
the extent any such periodic payment has not been cancelled) on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer (including unsubordinated creditors pursuant to Section 97 of 
the Danish Bankruptcy Act and unsubordinated creditors that are creditors in respect 
of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations), (c) creditors of the Issuer that are creditors in 
respect of any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute Tier 2 
Capital and (d) other subordinated creditors of the Issuer other than the present or 
future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior 
to the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments (to the extent any such periodic payment has not been cancelled) on 
a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital 
on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
(e) 
No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim 
No Noteholder, who shall in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer be indebted 
to the Issuer, shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against 
moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
(f) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital” means capital which is treated as Additional Tier 1 capital (in 
Danish: hybrid kernekapital) (or any equivalent or successor term) under the CRD/CRR 
requirements by the Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group, as 
applicable. 
“BRRD” means the Directive (2014/59/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
resolution and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may 
be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such 
Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 
June 2019). 
“Common Equity Tier 1 Capital” means Common Equity Tier 1 capital (or any equivalent or 
successor term) of, as the case may be, the Issuer or the Group, in each case as calculated by the 
Issuer in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements and any applicable transitional 
arrangement under the CRD/CRR. 
“CRD/CRR” means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD Directive, the 
CRR and any CRD/CRR Implementing Measures. 
“CRD Directive” means the Directive (2013/36/EU) of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 
2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (or, as the 
case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing such Directive), as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments 
to such Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures 
dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 
2019). 
“CRD/CRR Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or 
other requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable, and 
which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements 
to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer 
(on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD Directive or 
the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation any regulatory technical 
standards, guidelines, recommendations and/or opinions released from time to time by the 
European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof) or the Relevant 
Regulator, as the case may be. 
“CRR” means the Regulation (2013/575) of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such 
Regulation resulting from Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds 
and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union 
on 7 June 2019).

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
“Danish Bankruptcy Act” means the Danish Bankruptcy Act (Consolidated Act No. 775 of 3 
May 2021, as amended or replaced from time to time). 
“Danish Companies Act” means the Danish Companies Act (Consolidated Act No. 1952 of 11 
October 2021, as amended or replaced from time to time). 
“Danish Financial Business Act” means the Danish Financial Business Act (Consolidated Act 
No. 406 of 29 March 2022, as amended or replaced from time to time). 
“Danish Recovery and Resolution Act” means the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act (Act 
No. 24 of 4 January 2019, as amended or replaced from time to time). 
“Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and 
exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Denmark, 
relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish 
law transposing or implementing such Directive) as amended or replaced from time to time and 
(ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of 
the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into 
Ordinary Shares, other Securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other Person (or 
suspended for a temporary period). 
“Group” means the Issuer together with its Subsidiaries and other entities that are consolidated 
in the Issuer’s calculation of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio on a consolidated level 
in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements. 
“Non-Preferred Senior Obligations” means any unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities of 
the Issuer which rank below (i) any Preferred Senior Notes issued by the Issuer and (ii) any 
obligations of the Issuer that rank pari passu with any Preferred Senior Notes upon an 
insolvency of the Issuer in accordance with section 13(3) of the Danish Recovery and 
Resolution Act of certain Financial Businesses. 
“Ordinary Shares” means fully paid-up ordinary shares in the capital of the Issuer. 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality.  
“Relevant Regulator” means, in relation to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, the 
Danish Financial Supervisory Authority and any successor or replacement thereto, and/or such 
other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the 
Issuer or the Group and/or (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority (if applicable), in any case as determined by the 
Issuer. 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise 
any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (or any other power under the BRRD) in relation 
to the Issuer and/or the Group.  
“Securities” means any securities including, without limitation, shares in the capital of the 
Issuer. 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any entity, any company which is for the time being a 
subsidiary within the meaning of Sections 6 and 7 of the Danish Companies Act. 
“Tier 1 Capital” means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 1 under the CRD/CRR 
requirements by the Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group, as 
applicable.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
“Tier 2 Capital” means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 2 under the CRD/CRR 
requirements by the Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group, as 
applicable. 
4 
Euro and Redenomination 
References to euro are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic 
and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Union (as amended from time to 
time). 
If Redenomination is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, Notes denominated in a currency 
that may be redenominated into euro may, at the election of the Issuer, be subject to redenomination in 
the manner set out below. In relation to such Notes the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders, on giving at least 30 days’ prior notice to Noteholders, the Principal Paying Agent 
and each of the Paying Agents and Transfer Agents, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg designate 
a “Redenomination Date” for the Notes, being (in the case of interest-bearing Notes) a date for payment 
of interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by the 
Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to this paragraph falling on or after the date on 
which the relevant Member State commences participation in such third stage and which falls before the 
date on which the Specified Currency ceases to be a sub-division of the euro. 
With effect from the Redenomination Date, notwithstanding the other provisions of the Conditions: 
(i) 
the Notes shall (unless already so provided by mandatory provisions of applicable law) be 
deemed to be redenominated in euro in the denomination of euro 0.01 with a nominal amount 
for each Note equal to the nominal amount of that Note in the relevant currency, converted into 
euro at the rate for conversion of the relevant currency into euro established by the Council of 
the European Union pursuant to the Treaty (including compliance with rules relating to rounding 
in accordance with European Community regulations) provided that, if the Issuer determines 
that the then current market practice in respect of the redenomination into euro 0.01 of 
internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified above, such 
provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the 
Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, any stock exchange on which the Notes may be 
listed, the Principal Paying Agent and each of the Paying Agents and Transfer Agents of such 
deemed amendment; 
(ii) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be issued 
at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations of euro 0.01, euro 1,000, euro 10,000, euro 
100,000 and such other denominations as the Principal Paying Agent shall determine and notify 
to Noteholders; 
(iii) 
if definitive Notes have been issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons 
denominated in the relevant currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void 
with effect from the date on which the Issuer gives the notice (the “Exchange Notice”) that 
replacement euro-denominated Notes and Coupons are available for exchange (provided that 
such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. The payment 
obligations contained in any Notes so issued will also become void on that date, although those 
Notes will continue to constitute valid exchange obligations of the Issuer. New certificates in 
respect of euro-denominated Notes and Coupons will be issued in exchange for Notes and 
Coupons denominated in the relevant currency in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent 
may specify and as shall be specified to Noteholders in the Exchange Notice; 
(iv) 
all payments in respect of the Notes (other than, unless the Redenomination Date is on or after 
such date as the relevant currency ceases to be a sub-division of the euro, payments of interest

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date) will be made solely in euro. 
Such payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or by cheque; and 
(v) 
the amount of interest in respect of Notes will be calculated by reference to the nominal amount 
of notes presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of which Coupons are presented) for 
payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the 
nearest euro 0.01. 
In connection with such redenomination, the Issuer may, after consultation with the Principal Paying 
Agent, make such other changes to the Conditions applicable to the relevant Notes as it may decide so 
as to conform them to the then current market practice in respect of euro-denominated debt securities 
issued in the Euromarkets which are held in international clearing systems. Any such changes will not 
take effect until the next following Interest Payment Date after they have been notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 15. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year and, if 
applicable, on the Maturity Date if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The amount 
of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(h). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date. The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(h). Such interest will be payable in arrear 
on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the first Specified Interest Payment Date and each 
successive period from (and including) a Specified Interest Payment Date to 
(but excluding) the next Specified Interest Payment Date unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each being an “Interest Period”); or 
(B) 
if no express Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each date (each, a “Specified Interest Payment 
Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the 
Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Specified 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Specified Interest Payment 
Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if any 
Specified Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
(1) 
in any case where Interest Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(i)(B) above, the “Floating Rate Convention”, such Specified Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) 
such Specified Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Specified 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls 
the number of months or other period specified as the Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding applicable Specified Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the “Following Business Day Convention”, such Specified Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such Specified 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Specified Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the “Preceding Business Day Convention”, such Specified Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In this Condition, “Business Day” means a day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in any Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System, as defined 
below) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as a Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 
November 2007 or any successor thereto (the “TARGET2 System”) is open 
(a “TARGET Business Day”); and 
(C) 
either (1) in relation to interest payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
of the country of the relevant Specified Currency or (2) in relation to interest 
payable in euro a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and the 
provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination, Screen Rate Determination 
or Linear Interpolation shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal 
to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
an interest rate Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 
ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published 
by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; (together, the 
“ISDA Definitions”) and under which:  
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate 
Option is based on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate 
(EURIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period or (ii) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” 
and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions.  
For the purposes of these Conditions “Euro-zone” means the region 
comprised of member states of the European Union that have adopted the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination  
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of 
the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at (i) 11.00 a.m.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
(Brussels time) in the case of EURIBOR; or (ii) 11.00 a.m. 
(Copenhagen time) in the case of CIBOR; or (iii) 
11.00 a.m. (Oslo time) in the case of NIBOR; or (iv) 
11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) in the case of STIBOR, on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded 
by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations. 
 (y) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph 
(x)(1) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph (x)(2) applies and fewer than three 
such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each 
case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the 
Issuer shall request, if the Reference Rate is (i) EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks; or (ii) 
CIBOR, the principal Copenhagen office of each of the Reference 
Banks; or (iii) NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of each of the 
Reference Banks; or (iv) STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of 
each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with 
its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is (A) EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time); or (B) CIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time); or (C) NIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Norwegian time); or (D) STIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time), on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered 
quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be 
the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is (i) 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time); or (ii) 
CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time); or (iii) 
NIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Norwegian time); or (iv) 
STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time), on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is (A)

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market; or (B) CIBOR, the 
Copenhagen inter-bank market; or (C) NIBOR, the Oslo inter-bank 
market; or (D) STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, as the 
case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) or, if the Reference 
Rate is NIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Norwegian time) or, if 
the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Stockholm time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of 
the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent 
it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, 
the Copenhagen inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR, the Oslo inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, as the case may be, 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum 
Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation  
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate 
Option (where “ISDA Determination” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, provided however that if there is no rate available for 
a period of time shorter or, as the case may be, longer than the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer shall determine as 
appropriate for such purposes. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, 
the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to 
ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rates of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Accrual Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest 
Accrual Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above 
is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Accrual Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest 
Accrual Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above 
is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Margin  
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all 
Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the applicable Interest 
Accrual Period, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (b) above by adding 
(if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such 
Margin, subject always to paragraph (iii) (Minimum and/or Maximum Rates of 
Interest) above and to the next paragraph. 
(c) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Reset Notes  
(i) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Fixed Rate Reset Note bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount: 
(a) 
in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the Reset Date (or, if there is more than one Reset 
Period, the first Reset Date occurring after the Interest Commencement Date), 
at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; and 
(b) 
in respect of the Reset Period (or if there is more than one Reset Period, each 
successive Reset Period), at such rate per annum as is equal to the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date(s) in accordance with this Condition 5(c),  
(in each case, rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) payable, in each case, in arrear on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(h). 
(ii) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
This Condition 5(c)(ii) applies only where Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate.  
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page is not 
available or the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate does not appear on the Subsequent 
Reset Rate Screen Page as of the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate Time on such Reset 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each 
Interest Accrual Period falling in the relevant Reset Period will, subject as provided in 
Condition 5(d), as applicable, be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: (1) the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its Mid-Swap Rate Quotation at approximately the Subsequent 
Reset Rate Time on the Reset Determination Date in question; (2) if two or more of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Swap Rate Quotation, 
the Subsequent Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the Mid-Swap Rate Quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
applicable Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; (3) if only one of the 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Swap Rate Quotation, the 
Subsequent Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be the Mid-Swap Rate 
Quotation plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable Margin, both as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; and (4) if none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with a Mid-Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Subsequent Reset Rate shall be determined as at the last preceding Reset 
Determination Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the 
Subsequent Reset Rate shall be equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
if Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, (A) the Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the 
applicable Margin; 
(b) 
if Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, (A) the Reset Period Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the applicable Margin; or 
(c) 
if Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, (A) the last observable rate for 
swaps in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the applicable Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
If Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Subsequent Reset Rate will be converted from the Original Reset 
Reference Rate Payment Basis to a basis which matches the per annum frequency of 
Interest Payment Dates in respect of the Notes (such calculation to be determined by 
the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution selected by it). 
(d) 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If:

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
(i) 
the Notes are Fixed Rate Reset Notes and Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
the Notes are Floating Rate Notes and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
and, in each case, if Reference Rate Replacement is also specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, then the provisions of this Condition 5(d) shall apply. 
If, notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(b)(ii) (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) or 
Condition 5(c)(ii) (in the case of Fixed Rate Reset Notes), the Calculation Agent (in consultation 
with the Issuer) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to the Original Reference 
Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if such Independent Adviser fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, 
an Alternative Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (in any such case, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) no later than the relevant IA Determination Cut-
off Date, for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
or Reset Period (as applicable) and for all other future Interest Accrual Periods or Reset 
Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(d) 
during any other future Interest Accrual Period(s) or Reset Period(s) (as applicable)); 
(b) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Issuer fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread no later than the relevant Issuer Determination 
Cut-off Date, for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Accrual Period 
or Reset Period (as applicable) and for all other future Interest Accrual Periods or Reset 
Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(d) 
during any other future Interest Accrual Period(s) or Reset Period(s) (as applicable)). 
Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any 
Successor Reference Rate, any Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment 
Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents 
as well as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in the 
establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital 
markets;

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
(c) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) in accordance with this Condition 5(d): 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
shall be the Original Reference Rate for all future Interest Accrual Periods or 
Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(d)); 
(B) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(x) 
determines an Adjustment Spread in relation to such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 5(d)); or 
(y) 
is unable to determine an Adjustment Spread in relation to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), then such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment 
Spread (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 5(d)); and 
(C) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion specify: 
(x) 
changes to these Conditions in order to follow market practice in 
relation to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), including, but not limited to (1) the Business 
Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count 
Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Reset Determination Date, 
Reference Banks, Relevant Financial Centre and/or Relevant Screen 
Page applicable to the Notes and (2) the method for determining the 
fallback to the Rate of Interest (or relevant component part thereof) 
in relation to the Notes if such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to ensure 
the proper operation and comparability to the relevant Original 
Reference Rate of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Accrual Periods 
or Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5(d)); and 
(d) 
promptly following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any changes (and the effective date 
thereof) pursuant to Condition 5(b)(v)(c)(C) to (A) the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15, (B) (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) 
and (C) the Calculation Agent. 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) as described in this 
Condition 5(d) or such other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 5(d)(c)(C), including for 
the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties 
to the Agency Agreement (if required). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is 
not determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 5(d) prior to the relevant Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest (or component part thereof) for the next 
Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be determined by reference to the 
fallback provisions of Condition 5(d)(ii)(B) (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) or Condition 
5(c)(ii) (in the case of Fixed Rate Reset Notes). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(d): 
(i) 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to 
this Condition 5(d), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: 
(A) 
in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, MREL 
Eligible Liabilities (as defined below); 
(B) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital; or 
(C) 
in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, Additional Tier 1 Capital of 
the Issuer and/or the Group; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only, no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no 
other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 
5(d), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest 
Payment Date (or any future Interest Payment Date) as the effective maturity of the 
Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
This Condition 5(e) only applies to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes.  
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to 
the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity 
Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue nominal amount of such a Note shall be calculated in accordance 
with Condition 8(i). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9). 
(g) 
Interest Cancellation 
This Condition 5(g) only applies to Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. 
(i) 
Any payment of interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Additional 
Amounts payable pursuant to Condition 9) in respect of the Notes shall be payable 
only out of the Issuer’s Distributable Items and: 
(A) 
may be cancelled, at any time, in whole or in part, at the option of the Issuer 
in its sole discretion; or 
(B) 
will be mandatorily cancelled, in whole or in part, to the extent: 
(1) 
that, if the relevant payment were so made, the amount of such 
payment, when aggregated together with, where relevant, (x) other 
distributions of the kind referred to in Article 141 of the CRD 
Directive (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law 
transposing or implementing Article 141 of the CRD Directive), or 
any successor thereto, or (y) distributions of the kind referred to in 
any analogous payment restrictions arising in respect of capital 
buffers under CRD/CRR or the BRRD (including without limitation 
Article 16a thereof) and/or any minimum requirement for own funds 
and eligible liabilities under CRD/CRR and/or the BRRD (including 
without limitation Article 16a thereof) (or, as the case may be, any 
provision of Danish law transposing or implementing any such 
analogous payment restrictions), would cause a breach of any 
regulatory restriction or prohibition on payments on Additional Tier 
1 Capital instruments relating to any applicable Maximum 
Distributable Amount; or 
(2) 
otherwise so required by CRD/CRR, including the applicable criteria 
for Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments, or the BRRD or where the 
Relevant Regulator requires the Issuer to cancel the relevant 
payment in whole or in part. 
(ii) 
The Issuer shall give notice to (A) the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
and (B) (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in 
the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP Agent is not the Issuer), of any 
such cancellation of a payment of interest, which notice might be given after the date 
on which the relevant payment of interest is scheduled to be made. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, failure to give such notice shall not prejudice the right of the Issuer not 
to pay interest as described above. 
(iii) 
Following any cancellation of interest as described above, the right of Noteholders to 
receive accrued interest in respect of any such Interest Period will terminate and the 
Issuer will have no further obligation to pay such interest or to pay interest thereon, 
whether or not payments of interest in respect of subsequent Interest Periods are made, 
and such unpaid interest will not be deemed to have “accrued” or been earned for any 
purpose nor will the non-payment of such interest constitute a default by the Issuer for 
any purpose and the Noteholders shall have no rights in respect of such payment of 
interest whether in a bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer or otherwise.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
(h) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount and 
the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards), unless an Interest Amount (or a 
formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such 
formula). In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the 
provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which 
interest is required to be calculated. 
In the case of Notes where the Calculation Amount has not been adjusted as described in the 
definition thereof, where the Specified Denomination of a Note is the Original Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for any Interest Accrual Period 
(or any other period for which interest is required to be calculated) shall be the amount 
(determined for such Interest Accrual Period (or such other period for which interest is required 
to be calculated) in the manner provided above) per Calculation Amount. In the case of such 
Notes, where the Specified Denomination of a Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for any Interest Accrual Period (or any 
other period for which interest is required to be calculated) shall be the product of the amount 
(determined for such Interest Accrual Period (or such other period for which interest is required 
to be calculated) in the manner provide above) per Calculation Amount and the number by 
which the Calculation Amount is required to be multiplied to equal the Specified Denomination 
of such Note, without any further rounding. 
In the case of Notes where the Calculation Amount has been adjusted as described in the 
definition thereof, where the Specified Denomination of a Note is the Original Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for any Interest Accrual Period 
(or any other period for which interest is required to be calculated) shall be the amount 
(determined for such Interest Accrual Period (or such other period for which interest is required 
to be calculated) in the manner provided above) per Calculation Amount. In the case of such 
Notes, where the Specified Denomination of a Note is a multiple of the Original Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for any Interest Accrual Period 
(or any other period for which interest is required to be calculated) shall be the product of: 
(i) 
the amount of interest per Calculation Amount (determined for such Interest Accrual 
Period (or such other period for which interest is required to be calculated) in the 
manner provided above); and 
(ii) 
the number by which the Original Calculation Amount is required to be multiplied to 
equal the Specified Denomination of such Note,  
without any further rounding. 
If pursuant to (in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) Condition 6 or (in the case of all 
Notes) as otherwise required by then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer, the Outstanding Principal Amounts are reduced and/or reinstated, as applicable, during 
an Interest Accrual Period, the Calculation Amount will be adjusted by the Calculation Agent 
to reflect such Outstanding Principal Amounts from time to time so that the relevant amount of 
interest is determined by reference to such Calculation Amount as adjusted from time to time, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may 
be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each 
Interest Accrual Period (or, in the case of Reset Notes, for each Reset Period) and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date(s) and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information, in the case of VP Notes, the VP Agent (where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) and, 
if the rules of the stock exchange on which the Notes are listed or other relevant authority so 
require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined 
prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination.  
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5(b)(i), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will notify (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal 
Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) 
of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(h). 
(j) 
Notifications to be final 
All notifications, communications, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
5, whether by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent or (in the circumstances 
described in Condition 5(d)) an Independent Adviser, shall (in the absence of default, bad faith 
or manifest error by them or any of their directors, officers, employees or agents) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the Registrar, the 
Paying Agents, the Transfer Agents, the VP Agent and all Noteholders and Couponholders and 
(in the absence of the above), without prejudice to the ability of the Calculation Agent and/or 
the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) to rely on any such notifications, communications, 
determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions, no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or (if applicable) 
the Calculation Agent or (if applicable) the Independent Adviser in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers and duties under this Condition.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
(k) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
(if no such formal recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate) the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate; or  
(iii) 
(if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that no 
such spread is customarily applied) the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the relevant Successor Reference Rate or 
the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of 
debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes which are Floating Rate Notes, to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Periods; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes which are Fixed Rate Reset Notes, to the relevant Reset Periods, 
or, in any case, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that 
there is no such rate, such other rate as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
such Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days 
or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing such Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Original 
Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (ii)(A); or

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of such Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (iv)(A); or 
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of such Original Reference Rate that means such Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (B) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (v)(A); or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date 
(as applicable) become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or any other agents party to 
the Agency Agreement to calculate any payments due to be made to the Noteholders 
using such Original Reference Rate; or 
(vii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used. 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the applicable Final Terms (the 
“Original Calculation Amount”), provided that: 
(i) 
in respect of Preferred Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Subordinated 
Notes, if the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note is reduced as required by the 
current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
shall (a) adjust the Calculation Amount on a pro rata basis to account for such 
reduction and (b) notify (1) the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, (2) (in 
the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent (if the Principal 
Paying Agent is not the Calculation Agent) or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent 
(where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) and (3) the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes), of the details of such adjustment; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, the Outstanding Principal Amount of 
each Note is amended (either by reduction or reinstatement) in accordance with 
Condition 6 or as otherwise required by then current legislation and/or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent shall (a) adjust the Calculation Amount 
on a pro rata basis to account for such reduction or reinstatement, as the case may be, 
and (b) notify (1) the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, (2) (in the case of 
Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent (if the Principal Paying Agent 
is not the Calculation Agent) or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP 
Agent is not the Issuer) and (3) the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), of the 
details of such adjustment.  
“Calculation Period” means the period from, and including, the first day of any period of time 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest of any Note to, but excluding, the last day 
of such period (whether or not constituting an Interest Period). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Calculation Period:

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(d) 
if “30/360” or “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2−Y1)]+[30×(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1, will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D-, is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(e) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2−Y1)]+[30×(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1, will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(f) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2−Y1)]+[30×(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1, will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
and 
(g) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date 
in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
“Distributable Items” means, as prescribed by CRD/CRR (or any equivalent or successor term 
from time to time as applicable to distribution restrictions on Additional Tier 1 Capital 
instruments), the amount of the profits at the end of the last financial year plus any profits 
brought forward and reserves available for that purpose before distributions to holders of own 
funds instruments (which, for the avoidance doubt, excludes any such distributions paid or made 
on Tier 2 Capital instruments or which have already been provided for, by way of deduction, in 
calculating the amount of Distributable Items) less any losses brought forward, any profits 
which are non-distributable pursuant to provisions in European Union or Danish legislation or 
the institution’s by-laws and any sums placed to non-distributable reserves in accordance with 
national law or the statutes of the institution, in each case with respect to the specific category 
of own funds instruments to which European Union or Danish law, institutions' by-laws, or 
statutes relate; such profits, losses and reserves being determined on the basis of the individual 
accounts of the institution and not on the basis of the consolidated accounts, or any successor 
provision thereto. 
“IA Determination Cut-off Date” means: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Reset Notes and Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate, in any Reset Period, 
the date that is no later than five Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Reset Period; or  
(ii) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, in any Interest Accrual Period, the date that is no 
later than five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the 
immediately following Interest Accrual Period. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each 
case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
“Initial Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
and Fixed Rate Reset Notes, and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or unless the Calculation Amount has been adjusted as described in the 
definition thereof, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending 
the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling 
two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Issuer Determination Cut-off Date” means: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Reset Notes and Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate, in any Reset Period, 
the date that is no later than three Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Reset Period; or  
(ii) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, in any Interest Accrual Period, the date that is no 
later than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the 
immediately following Interest Accrual Period. 
“Margin” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Maximum Distributable Amount” means any applicable maximum distributable amount 
relating to the Issuer and/or the Group (if any) which is determined pursuant to Article 141 of 
the CRD Directive (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or 
implementing Article 141 of the CRD Directive), or any successor provision thereto or any 
analogous payment restrictions arising in respect of capital buffers under CRD/CRR or the 
BRRD (including without limitation Article 16a thereof) and/or any minimum requirement 
for own funds and eligible liabilities under CRD/CRR and/or the BRRD (including without 
limitation Article 16a thereof) (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing 
or implementing any such analogous payment restrictions). 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means, subject as provided in Condition 5(d), if 
applicable, EURIBOR (if the Specified Currency is euro), CIBOR (if the Specified Currency is 
Danish Kroner), NIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Norwegian Kroner), STIBOR (if the 
Specified Currency is Swedish Kronor) or (in the case of any other Specified Currency) the 
benchmark rate most closely connected with such Specified Currency and selected by the Issuer. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, subject as provided in Condition 5(d), if applicable, for any Reset 
Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency 
equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing 
on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for 
the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity as specified in the applicable Final Terms (calculated on 
the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
“Mid-Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Swap Rate. 
“Original Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the definition of 
Calculation Amount. 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purposes of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) 
of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the 
operation of Condition 5(d). 
“Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis” has the meaning given in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in these Conditions. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of (a) EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market; (b) CIBOR, the principal 
Copenhagen office of four major banks in the Copenhagen inter-bank market; or (c) NIBOR, 
the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market; or (d) STIBOR, the 
principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market, in each 
case selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute or as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and in the case of a determination of the Subsequent 
Reset Rate if the Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page is unavailable, the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market 
most closely connected with the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate as selected by the Issuer on 
the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by 
the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of 
international repute as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant 
Reset Period that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same 
currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (i) the 
arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset 
Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on 
the advice of an investment bank of international repute), or their affiliates, which are (i) primary 
government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference 
Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at or around the Subsequent 
Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to the Calculation 
Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
“Reference Rate” means, subject as provided in Condition 5(d), if applicable, the rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference 
Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or any successor or 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
“Reset Date” means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Reset Determination Date” means for each Reset Period, the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms falling on or before the commencement of such Reset Period, on which the 
Subsequent Reset Rate applying during such Reset Period will be determined. 
“Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date (if any) if there is only one Reset Date or, if there is more than one Reset Date, 
each period from (and including) one Reset Date (or the first Reset Date) to (but excluding) the 
next Reset Date, or (if applicable) the Maturity Date. 
“Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
“Subsequent Reset Rate” for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Subsequent 
Reset Reference Rate and (ii) the applicable Margin. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate Time” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Reference Rate” means either: 
(i) 
if “Mid Swap Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if “Single Mid-Swap Rate” is further specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the rate for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(1) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(2) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
displayed on the Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page at or around the 
Subsequent Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date for 
such Reset Period, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(B) 
if “Mean Mid-Swap Rate” is further specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(1) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(2) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
displayed on the Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page at or around the 
Subsequent Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date for 
such Reset Period, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
if “Reference Bond” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the annual yield to 
maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the 
relevant Reference Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent.  
“Successor Reference Rate” means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6 
Loss Absorption following a Trigger Event 
This Condition 6 only applies to Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
(a) 
Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event: 
If at any time a Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer shall immediately notify (i) the Relevant 
Regulator, (ii) the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 and (iii) (in the case of Notes 
other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent 
(where the VP Agent is not the Issuer), and the Outstanding Principal Amounts shall be reduced 
as described below. Notwithstanding the foregoing, failure to give such notice shall not 
prejudice the reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts as described below. 
If a Trigger Event occurs after a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to Condition 
8(b)(B), Condition 8(c) or Condition 8(e) but before the relevant redemption date, such notice 
of redemption shall automatically be revoked and the relevant redemption shall not be made 
until a new redemption notice is given and all conditions for redemption as described in 
Condition 8(k) have been fulfilled. If a notice of a Trigger Event has been given pursuant to this 
Condition 6(a), no notice of redemption may be given pursuant to Condition 8(b)(B), Condition 
8(c) or Condition 8(e) until such Trigger Event has been cured. The redemption restrictions 
described in this paragraph are together referred to as the “Trigger Event Early Redemption 
Restrictions”. 
Such reduction shall take place on such date selected by the Issuer in consultation with the 
Relevant Regulator (the “Write Down Date”) but no later than one month following the 
occurrence of the relevant Trigger Event.  
Subject to compliance with CRD/CRR and BRRD requirements, the amount of the reduction of 
the Outstanding Principal Amounts on the Write Down Date will be equal to the lower of: 
(i) 
the amount of a reduction to the Outstanding Principal Amounts that would restore the 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable, to 
at least the Trigger Event Threshold at the point of such reduction, taking into account 
the amount of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (if any) of the Issuer and/or the Group, 
as the case may be, generated on or prior to the Write Down Date by the pro rata 
reduction to, or, as the case may be, conversion into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
instruments of, the principal amount of all Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments (if 
any) outstanding at such time, 
 
provided that: 
(x) 
with respect to each such Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instrument (if any), such 
pro rata reduction or, as the case may be, conversion shall only be taken into 
account as described above to the extent required to restore the Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable, to 
the Trigger Event Threshold or, if lower, such Other Loss Absorbing AT1 
Instrument’s trigger level; and 
(y) 
to the extent the reduction to, or, as the case may be, conversion into Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments of, the principal amount of any Other Loss 
Absorbing AT1 Instrument is not, or by the relevant Write Down Date will 
not be, effective for any reason: 
(1) 
the ineffectiveness of any such reduction or, as the case may be, 
conversion into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments shall not 
prejudice the requirement to effect a reduction to the Outstanding 
Principal Amounts pursuant to this Condition 6(a); and

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
(2) 
the reduction to, or, as the case may be, conversion into Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments of, the principal amount of any 
Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instrument which is not, or by the Write 
Down Date will not be, effective shall not be taken into account in 
determining such reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts, 
and 
(ii) 
the amount of a reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts that would reduce the 
Outstanding Principal Amounts to the Loss Absorption Minimum Amount. 
If, in connection with the reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts or the calculation of 
the amount of the reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts, there are any Other Loss 
Absorbing AT1 Instruments that may be reduced, or, as the case may be, converted into 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments in full (save for any floor equivalent to the Loss 
Absorption Minimum Amount) but not in part only (“Full Loss Absorbing AT1 
Instruments”), then: 
(I) 
the requirement that a reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts pursuant to this 
Condition 6(a) shall be effected pro rata with the reduction or, as the case may be, 
conversion into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments, as the case may be, of any 
Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments shall not be construed as requiring the 
Outstanding Principal Amounts to be reduced in full simply by virtue of the fact that 
any Full Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments will be reduced or, as the case may be, 
converted in full; and 
(II) 
for the purposes of calculating the reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts, 
any Full Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments will be treated (for the purposes only of 
determining the reduction or, as the case may be, conversion into Common Equity Tier 
1 Capital instruments among the Notes and all Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments 
on a pro rata basis) as if their terms permitted partial reduction or, as the case may be, 
conversion into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments, such that the reduction or, 
as the case may be, conversion into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments of such 
Full Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments shall be deemed to occur in two concurrent 
stages: 
(A) 
the principal amount of such Full Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments shall be 
reduced or converted into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments pro rata 
with the Notes and all Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments (if any) on the 
basis described in Condition 6(a)(i) above; and 
(B) 
the balance (if any) of the principal amount of such Full Loss Absorbing AT1 
Instruments remaining following (A) above shall be reduced or, as the case 
may be, converted into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments with the 
effect of increasing the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s, as the case may be, 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio above the minimum required level under 
(A) above. 
The Issuer’s determination of the relevant amount of a reduction to the Outstanding Principal 
Amounts pursuant to this Condition 6(a) shall be binding on all parties. 
Following a reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts as described above, interest will 
continue to accrue on the Outstanding Principal Amounts following such reduction, and will be 
subject to Condition 5(g) and Condition 6(b) as described herein.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Note shall, upon the reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts described above, be 
reduced on a likewise pro rata basis. 
Any reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts pursuant to this Condition 6(a) shall not 
constitute an event of default or an Enforcement Event under the Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes. 
(b) 
Reinstatement of the Notes 
Following a reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts in accordance with Condition 6(a), 
the Issuer may, at its discretion, reinstate some or all of the principal amount of the Additional 
Tier 1 Capital Notes, subject to compliance with the CRD/CRR requirements and the 
Reinstatement Limit (as defined below), on a pro rata basis with all other Parity Trigger Loss 
Absorbing AT1 Instruments (if any) which would, following such reinstatement, constitute 
Additional Tier 1 Capital and feature similar write down and reinstatement provisions. 
(A) 
Reinstatement Limit 
Any reinstatement of some or all of the principal amount of all relevant outstanding 
Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments, where the principal amount of such Additional 
Tier 1 Capital instruments has been reduced, may not at any time exceed the 
reinstatement limit applicable at such time (the “Reinstatement Limit”). Subject to 
Condition 6(c), the Reinstatement Limit will be the lower of the Available 
Reinstatement Amounts calculated for each of the Issuer and the Group in accordance 
with Condition 6(b)(B). 
(B) 
Available Reinstatement Amounts 
The “Available Reinstatement Amount” for each of the Issuer and the Group will be 
calculated as the amount equal to the profits of (in the case of the calculation of the 
Issuer’s Available Reinstatement Amount) the Issuer or (in the case of the Group’s 
Available Reinstatement Amount) the Group, in each case after the Issuer or the Group, 
as the case may be, has taken a formal decision confirming its final profits, multiplied 
by the ratio of the Original Principal Amount of all relevant outstanding Additional 
Tier 1 Capital instruments, where the principal amount of such Additional Tier 1 
Capital instruments has been reduced, divided by the total Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer 
or the Group, as the case may be, in each case at the date of the relevant reinstatement, 
less: 
(i) 
with respect to any relevant Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments, where the 
principal amount has been reduced, the sum of any principal amounts that 
have already been reinstated during the period to which such profits relate; 
and 
(ii) 
the sum of any amounts of interest or, as the case may be, other periodic 
distributions in respect of any relevant Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments, 
where the principal amount has been reduced, and which were paid or have 
been calculated (but disregarding any such interest which has been cancelled) 
during the period to which such profits relate on the basis of an outstanding 
principal amount which is lower than the Original Principal Amount of such 
Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments. 
(c) 
Maximum Distributable Amount restriction

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
A reinstatement as described above shall not be effected in circumstances which (when 
aggregated together with, where relevant (i) distributions of the kind referred to in Article 141 
of the CRD Directive or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or 
implementing Article 141 of the CRD Directive, or any successor thereto; or (ii) distributions 
of the kind referred to in any analogous payment restrictions arising in respect of capital buffers 
under CRD/CRR or the BRRD (including without limitation Article 16a thereof) and/or any 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities under CRD/CRR and/or the 
BRRD (including without limitation Article 16a thereof) or, as the case may be, any provision 
of Danish law transposing or implementing any such analogous payment restrictions) would 
cause a breach of any regulatory restriction or prohibition on payments on Additional Tier 1 
Capital instruments relating to any Maximum Distributable Amount. 
(d) 
Miscellaneous provisions applicable to reinstatement 
For the avoidance of doubt, at no time may the Outstanding Principal Amounts exceed the 
Original Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. 
To the extent that the principal amount of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes has been reinstated 
as described above, interest shall begin to accrue on the reinstated principal amount of the 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, and become payable in accordance with the Conditions, as 
from the date of the relevant reinstatement. 
(e) 
No liability 
None of the Issuing Agent, any Paying Agent, any Transfer Agent and the VP Agent (unless the 
VP Agent is the Issuer) shall have any responsibility for, or liability or obligation in respect of, 
any loss, claim or demand incurred as a result of or in connection with a Trigger Event or any 
consequent write-down, reduction and/or cancellation of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes or 
of any claims in respect thereof. None of the Issuing Agent, any Paying Agent, any Transfer 
Agent and the VP Agent (unless the VP Agent is the Issuer) shall be responsible for any 
calculation or determination, or the verification of any calculation or determination, in 
connection with the same. 
(f) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
“Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio” means (at any time): 
(i) 
in relation to the Issuer, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of the aggregate amount 
of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer divided by the Risk Exposure 
Amounts of the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
in relation to the Group, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of the aggregate amount 
of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the Group divided by the Risk Exposure 
Amounts of the Group, 
in each case, all as calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements at 
such time and any applicable transitional arrangements under the CRD/CRR requirements at 
such time and reported to the Relevant Regulator. 
“Loss Absorption Minimum Amount” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
“Original Principal Amount” means, with respect to an issue of Additional Tier 1 Capital 
instruments (including the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes), the original principal amount of 
such Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments. 
“Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments” means, in respect of a Series of Additional Tier 1 
Capital Notes, obligations or capital instruments (other than the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes 
of such Series) which are eligible to constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the 
Group and which include a principal loss absorption mechanism that: 
(i) 
is capable of generating Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group; 
and 
(ii) 
is activated by an event equivalent to the Trigger Event in all material respects (or, as 
the case may be, in all material respects other than the threshold for such activation).  
“Parity Trigger Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments” means, in respect of a Series of 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, obligations or capital instruments (other than the Additional 
Tier 1 Capital Notes of such Series) which are, as at their relevant issue date, eligible to 
constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group and which include a principal 
loss absorption mechanism that is capable of generating Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the 
Issuer and/or the Group and that is activated by an event equivalent to the Trigger Event in all 
material respects and that has a threshold for such activation which is identical to the Trigger 
Event Threshold in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes of such Series. 
“Risk Exposure Amounts” means the aggregate amount of the risk exposure amounts (or any 
equivalent or successor term) of, as the case may be, the Issuer or the Group, in each case as 
calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements and any applicable 
transitional arrangements under CRD/CRR.  
“Trigger Event” means, in respect of a Series of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, as determined 
at any time by the Issuer, the Relevant Regulator or any agent appointed for such purpose by 
the Relevant Regulator, as the case may be, that the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the 
Issuer and/or the Group has fallen below the Trigger Event Threshold and such determination 
by the Issuer, the Relevant Regulator or any agent appointed for such purpose by the Relevant 
Regulator, as the case may be, shall be binding on the Noteholders. 
“Trigger Event Threshold” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
7 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or by a 
cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre 
of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars, shall be Sydney); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account of a bank that has 
access to the TARGET2 System specified by the payee in the European Union.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to Condition 9 or other laws to which 
the Issuer or any Paying Agent agrees to be subject and the Issuer or any Paying Agent will not 
be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, 
directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9. No commission 
or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Presentation of Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only of any sum, endorsement) of Definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect 
of Definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment only of any sum, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used 
herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, 
its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Upon the date on which any Definitive Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons 
and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant Definitive Note. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to Definitive 
Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of 
such Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, 
will either be made (i) on such Global Note by such Paying Agent or (ii) in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, and, in either such case, such record 
shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes (whether in definitive or global form) will 
be made in the manner specified in paragraph (a) to the persons in whose name such Notes are 
registered at the close of business on the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the Registrar is located) immediately prior to the 
relevant payment date against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only 
of any sum due, endorsement) of such Notes at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Payments of interest due on a Registered Note (when in definitive form) will be made in the 
manner specified in paragraph (a) to the person in whose name such Note is registered at the 
close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day (being 
for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the Registrar is 
located) (the “Record Date”)) prior to such due date. In the case of payments by cheque, 
cheques will be mailed to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) at such holder’s 
registered address on the due date. 
Payments of interest due on a Registered Note (when in global form) will be made to, or to the 
order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where “Clearing 
System Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive, except 25 December and 1 January. 
If payment in respect of any Registered Notes is required by credit or transfer as referred to in 
Condition 7(a), application for such payment must be made by the holder to the Registrar not 
later than the relevant Record Date. 
The holder of a Global Note or Global Certificate shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and the 
Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note or 
Global Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate must look solely to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for its share of each payment so 
made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note or Global Certificate. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VP Notes will be made to the holders shown in 
the relevant records of the VP in accordance with, and subject to, the rules and regulations from 
time to time governing the VP. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if this Note is a Bearer Note and if any amount of principal 
and/or interest in respect of this Note is payable in US dollars, such US dollar payments of 
principal and/or interest in respect of this Note will be made at the specified office of a Paying 
Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in US dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in US 
dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 10) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Definitive Notes only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as a Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, 
a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open.  
(d) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
8(f) below); and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under or in 
respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 9.  
8 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below or unless the 
applicable Final Terms provide that the Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed date 
for redemption, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) (A) Redemption for Tax Reasons 
This Condition 8(b)(A) shall apply only to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes. References in this Condition 8(b)(A) to the Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
The Issuer may at its option, having given (and subject as provided in paragraph (k) of this 
Condition 8) not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early 
Redemption Restrictions), redeem all the Notes, but not some only, at any time (if this Note is 
not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), 
if, immediately before the giving of the notice referred to in this Condition 8(b)(A) (i) as a result

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Denmark or any political sub-
division of, or any authority in, or of, Denmark having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of the laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes, on the occasion of the 
next payment due in respect of the Notes the Issuer would be required to pay Additional 
Amounts (as defined in Condition 9) as provided or referred to in Condition 9, and (ii) the 
requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 8(b)(A), the 
Issuer shall deliver to (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuing Agent or (in the 
case of VP Notes) the VP Agent a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that 
the requirement referred to in (i) above will apply on the occasion of the next payment due in 
respect of the Notes and cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting out details of the 
circumstances which demonstrate satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out in (i) and (ii) 
above and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such Additional Amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. Upon the expiry of any notice as is referred to in this Condition 8(b)(A), the Issuer 
shall be bound to redeem the Notes to which the notice refers in accordance with the provisions 
of this Condition 8(b)(A). 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(b)(A) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph (f) below, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(b)(B) Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event 
This Condition 8(b)(B) shall apply only to Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes. References in this Condition 8(b)(B) to the Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, the Issuer may (subject as provided in paragraph (k) of 
this Condition 8) at its option and at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), having given not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice 
shall be irrevocable subject to the Trigger Event Early Redemption Restrictions (only in the 
case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) and the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption 
Restrictions), redeem all of the Notes, but not some only; provided however that where an event 
falling under limb (i) of the definition of Tax Event occurs, no such notice of redemption may 
be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to 
pay the relevant Additional Amounts as referred to in limb (i) of the definition of Tax Event. 
In the case of a redemption of the Notes as a result of a Tax Event, the Issuer shall deliver a 
certificate to (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuing Agent or (in the case of VP 
Notes) the VP Agent signed by two of its directors (and copies thereof will be available at (in 
the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuing Agent’s or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP 
Agent’s specified office during its normal business hours) not less than five Business Days prior 
to the date set for redemption stating that a Tax Event has occurred or will occur no more than 
90 days following the date fixed for redemption, as the case may be. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(b)(B) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph (f) below, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption (in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, to the extent 
that the same is not cancelled in accordance with the terms of the Notes).

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
In these Conditions: 
“Tax Event” means as a result of any change in the laws, regulations or rulings of Denmark or 
of any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power 
to tax or in the interpretation or administration of any such laws, regulations or rulings which 
become effective after the date of issue of the last Tranche of the Notes, the Issuer receives an 
opinion of external counsel in Denmark experienced in such matters that (i) it would be required 
to pay Additional Amounts; or (ii) to the extent a payment of interest under the Notes was tax 
deductible for the purposes of Danish tax prior to the relevant change, it will no longer be able 
to obtain a full tax deduction for the purposes of Danish tax for any payment of interest under 
such Notes, in each case provided that the Issuer satisfies the Relevant Regulator that such 
change in tax treatment of the relevant Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at 
the time of their issuance.  
(c) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event 
This Condition 8(c) shall apply only to Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. 
References in this Condition 8(c) to the Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
Upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, the Issuer may (subject as provided in paragraph (k) of 
this Condition 8) at its option and at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), having given not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice 
shall be irrevocable subject to the Trigger Event Early Redemption Restrictions (only in the 
case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) and the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption 
Restrictions), redeem all of the Notes, but not some only. 
In the case of a redemption of the Notes as a result of a Capital Event, the Issuer shall deliver a 
certificate to (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuing Agent or (in the case of VP 
Notes) the VP Agent signed by two of its directors (and copies thereof will be available at (in 
the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuing Agent’s or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP 
Agent’s specified office during its normal business hours) not less than five Business Days prior 
to the date set for redemption stating that a Capital Event has occurred or will occur no more 
than 90 days following the date fixed for redemption, as the case may be. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(c) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph (f) below, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption (in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, to the extent 
that the same is not cancelled in accordance with the terms of the Notes). 
In these Conditions: 
“Capital Event” means, at any time, on or after the date of issue of the last Tranche of the 
Notes, there is a change in the regulatory classification of such Notes that results or will result 
in: 
(i) 
their exclusion, in whole or in part, from the regulatory capital of the Issuer and/or 
Group; or 
(ii) 
reclassification, in whole or in part, as a lower quality form of regulatory capital of the 
Issuer and/or Group, 
in each case provided that (a) the Relevant Regulator considers such a change to be sufficiently 
certain and (b) the Issuer satisfies the Relevant Regulator that the regulatory reclassification of

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
such Notes was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance. For the avoidance of 
doubt, a Capital Event shall not be deemed to have occurred in case of a partial exclusion of the 
Notes as a result of (A) a principal write down (in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes 
only), (B) a change in the regulatory assessment of the tax effects of a principal write down (in 
the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes only), or (C) any applicable limit on the amount of 
(x) Additional Tier 1 Capital (in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes only), (y) Tier 2 
Capital (in the case of Subordinated Notes only) or (z) “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent 
or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) (in the case of 
Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only) being exceeded. 
(d) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 8(d) shall apply to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only. 
References in this Condition 8(d) to the Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
If MREL Disqualification Event Redemption Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may 
(subject as provided in paragraph (k) of this Condition 8) at its option and at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable subject to the Permission 
Withdrawal Early Redemption Restrictions), redeem all of the Notes, but not some only. 
In the case of a redemption of the Notes as a result of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer 
shall deliver a certificate to (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuing Agent or (in 
the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent signed by two of its directors (and copies thereof will be 
available at (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuing Agent’s or (in the case of VP 
Notes) the VP Agent’s specified office during its normal business hours) not less than five 
Business Days prior to the date set for redemption stating that a MREL Disqualification Event 
has occurred or will occur no more than 90 days following the date fixed for redemption, as the 
case may be. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(d) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph (f) below, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
In these Conditions: 
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies then in effect in Denmark giving effect to any MREL Requirement or 
any successor regulations then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD/CRR, the BRRD and those regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor 
regulations then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the 
force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or 
the Group). 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means, in respect of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or a 
Series of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of: 
(i) 
the implementation of any Applicable MREL Regulations on or after the date of issue 
of the last Tranche of such Series; or

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
(ii) 
a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective on or after the date 
of issue of the last Tranche of such Series, 
all or part of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of such Series of Notes will be excluded from 
the “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) available to meet any MREL 
Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if the Issuer 
and/or the Group is/are then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement, 
provided that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion:  
(a) 
is or will be caused by:  
(1) 
the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed 
by any applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations; 
or  
(2) 
any applicable limits on the amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent 
or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) 
being exceeded; and/or 
(b) 
was reasonably foreseeable at the date of issue of the last Tranche of such Notes. 
“MREL Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then 
Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer and/or the Group under Applicable MREL 
Regulations. 
“MREL Requirement” means the total loss-absorbing capacity requirement and/or the 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, in each case which is or, as the case 
may be, will be, applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If the Issuer is specified in the applicable Final Terms as having an option to redeem (the “Call 
Option”), the Issuer shall, having given (and subject as provided in paragraph (k) of this 
Condition 8): 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice in writing 
to (A) (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuing Agent and the Principal 
Paying Agent or (B) (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP Agent is 
not the Issuer), 
(which notices shall be irrevocable subject to the Trigger Event Early Redemption Restrictions 
(only in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) and the Permission Withdrawal Early 
Redemption Restrictions), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, to the extent 
that the same is not cancelled in accordance with the terms of the Notes). Any such optional 
redemption must be of a principal amount equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount or a 
Maximum Redemption Amount.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes (or, as the case may be, parts of Registered Notes), 
the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the 
date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note 
or a Global Certificate, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either 
a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes that 
are Bearer Notes, or, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount of Registered Notes 
drawn and the holders of such Registered Notes, will be published or notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraphs (b)(A), (b)(B), (c) and (d) above, the Notes will be redeemed at 
the Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the “Amortised Face 
Amount”) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
“RP” 
means the Reference Price; 
“AY” 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and 
the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be 
equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
(g) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may, subject as provided in paragraph (k) of this Condition 
8, purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of Definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or 
otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered 
to any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) for cancellation.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith (and subject as provided in paragraph (k) of this 
Condition 8) be cancelled (together, in the case of Definitive Notes, with all unmatured Coupons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and 
the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (g) above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Issuing Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Notes), the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and, in the case of VP Notes, shall be 
recorded as having been redeemed in the records of the VP and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(i) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
This Condition 8(i) only applies to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes.  
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above is improperly withheld or 
refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount 
calculated as provided in paragraph (f) above as though the references therein to the date fixed 
for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and are 
repayable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
the fifth day after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been 
received by (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or 
(in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
(j) 
Substitution and variation  
(A) 
This Condition 8(j)(A) shall apply only to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes. References in this Condition 8(j)(A) to the Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
If MREL Substitution/Variation Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, upon the occurrence and continuation of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer 
may (subject as provided in paragraph (k) of this Condition 8) at its option and at any time (if 
this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable), substitute all of the Notes, 
but not some only, or vary the terms of all of the Notes, but not some only, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they become or remain (in 
the case of Preferred Senior Notes) Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes or (in the case of Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or 
variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new 
terms and conditions of the Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes or, as the case may be, Qualifying 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or 
charge to the Noteholders. 
In these Conditions:

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
“Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes” means, in respect of a Series of Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, at any time, any securities (other than such Notes) issued or guaranteed by the 
Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for “eligible liabilities” 
(or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL 
Regulations in relation to the relevant MREL Requirement(s) (which, for the avoidance 
of doubt, may result in the relevant securities not including, or restricting for a period 
of time the application of, one or more of the early redemption rights which are included 
in the relevant Notes);  
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A);  
(iii) 
have the same Specified Denomination(s) and Outstanding Principal Amounts as the 
relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 
8(j)(A);  
(iv) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A);  
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A);  
(vi) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 8(j)(A) be subject to a MREL Disqualification Event and/or a Tax Event 
(Gross-up);  
(vii) 
are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to 
the Notes immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 8(j)(A); 
(viii) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the 
relevant Notes, as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, and 
provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of 
its directors to (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuing Agent or (in the 
case of VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) not less than 5 
Business Days prior to (a) in the case of a substitution of the relevant Notes pursuant 
to Condition 8(j)(A), the issue date of the relevant securities or (b) in the case of a 
variation of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A), the date such variation 
becomes effective; and 
(ix) 
if (A) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market for 
the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (a “Regulated Market”) 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market or (B) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to 
trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated Market immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any 
recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated Market), in 
either case as selected by the Issuer. 
“Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes” means, in respect of a Series of Preferred Senior Notes, 
at any time, any securities (other than such Notes) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that:

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for “eligible liabilities” 
(or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL 
Regulations in relation to the relevant MREL Requirement(s) (which, for the avoidance 
of doubt, may result in the relevant securities not including, or restricting for a period 
of time the application of, one or more of the early redemption rights which are included 
in the relevant Notes);  
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A);  
(iii) 
have the same Specified Denomination(s) and Outstanding Principal Amounts as the 
relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 
8(j)(A);  
(iv) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A);  
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A);  
(vi) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 8(j)(A) be subject to a MREL Disqualification Event and/or a Tax Event 
(Gross-up);  
(vii) 
are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to 
the Notes immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 8(j)(A); 
(viii) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the 
relevant Notes, as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, and 
provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of 
its directors to (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuing Agent or (in the 
case of VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) not less than 5 
Business Days prior to (a) in the case of a substitution of the relevant Notes pursuant 
to Condition 8(j)(A), the issue date of the relevant securities or (b) in the case of a 
variation of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A), the date such variation 
becomes effective; and 
(ix) 
if (A) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market or (B) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to 
trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated Market immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any 
recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated Market), in 
either case as selected by the Issuer. 
(B) 
This Condition 8(j)(B) shall apply only to Subordinated Notes. References in this Condition 
8(j)(B) to the Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
If Tier 2 Substitution/Variation Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, upon the occurrence and continuation of a Capital Event, the Issuer may (subject as 
provided in paragraph (k) of this Condition 8) at its option and at any time (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), 
having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable), substitute all of the Notes, but not some 
only, or vary the terms of all of the Notes, but not some only, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or 
variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new 
terms and conditions of the Qualifying Subordinated Notes. Such substitution or variation will 
be effected without any cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
In these Conditions: 
“Qualifying Subordinated Notes” means, in respect of a Series of Subordinated Notes, at any 
time, any securities (other than such Notes) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements of the Relevant 
Regulator in relation to Tier 2 Capital; 
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(B);  
(iii) 
have the same Specified Denomination(s) and Outstanding Principal Amounts as the 
relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8(j);  
(iv) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(B);  
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(B);  
(vi) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 8(j)(B) be subject to a Capital Event and/or a Tax Event (Gross-up);  
(vii) 
are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to 
the relevant Notes immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant 
to Condition 8(j)(B); 
(viii) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the 
relevant Notes, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that the Issuer 
shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to (in the 
case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuing Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the 
VP Agent (where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) not less than 5 Business Days prior 
to (a) in the case of a substitution of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 8(j)(B), 
the issue date of the relevant securities or (b) in the case of a variation of the relevant 
Notes pursuant to Condition 8(j)(B), the date such variation becomes effective; and 
(ix) 
if (A) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market or (B) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to 
trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated Market immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any 
recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated Market), in 
either case as selected by the Issuer.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
(C) 
This Condition 8(j)(C) shall apply only to Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. References in this 
Condition 8(j)(C) to the Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
Upon the occurrence and continuation of a Tax Event or a Capital Event, the Issuer may (subject 
as provided in paragraph (l) of this Condition 8) at its option and at any time (if this Note is not 
a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), 
having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable), substitute all of the Notes, but not some 
only, or vary the terms of all of the Notes, but not some only, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Capital Notes. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or 
variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new 
terms and conditions of the Qualifying Capital Notes. Such substitution or variation will be 
effected without any cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
In these Conditions: 
“Qualifying Capital Notes” means, in respect of a Series of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, 
at any time, any securities (other than such Notes) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements of the Relevant 
Regulator in relation to Additional Tier 1 Capital; and 
(ii)  
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(C); and 
(iii) 
have the same Specified Denomination(s) and Outstanding Principal Amounts as the 
relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8(j); 
and 
(iv) 
have the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(C) 
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution 
or variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(C); and 
(vi) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 8(j)(C) be subject to a Capital Event and/or a Tax Event; and 
(vii) 
are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to 
the relevant Notes immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant 
to Condition 8(j)(C); and 
(viii) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the 
relevant Notes, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that the Issuer 
shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to (in the 
case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Issuing Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the 
VP Agent (where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) not less than 5 Business Days prior 
to (a) in the case of a substitution of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 8(j)(C), 
the issue date of the relevant securities or (b) in the case of a variation of the relevant 
Notes pursuant to Condition 8(j)(C), the date such variation becomes effective; and

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
(ix)  
if (A) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market or (B) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to 
trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated Market immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any 
recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated Market), in 
either case as selected by the Issuer; 
(k) 
Consent, etc. of the Relevant Regulator 
The Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, cancelled, substituted, varied or modified (as 
applicable) pursuant to Conditions 8(b), 8(c), 8(d), 8(e), 8(g), 8(h), 8(j), 16(a) or 16(b)(ii), as 
the case may be, if: 
(i) 
in the case of any such substitution, variation or modification, the Issuer has notified 
the Relevant Regulator of, and the Relevant Regulator has not objected to, such 
substitution, variation or modification (as applicable) in accordance with the 
CRD/CRR requirements; 
(ii) 
in the case of any such redemption, purchase or cancellation of Subordinated Notes or 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, and 
the Relevant Regulator has given permission to, such redemption, purchase or 
cancellation (as applicable) in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements (which, in 
the case of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, as at 10 May 2022, 
are set out in Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR and Article 29 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 2014, supplementing the CRR with regard 
to regulatory technical standards for own funds requirements for institutions, as 
amended or replaced from time to time) and, if so given by the Relevant Regulator, 
such permission has not been withdrawn by the Relevant Regulator prior to the date 
fixed for redemption, purchase or cancellation (as applicable); 
(iii) 
in the case of any such redemption of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, the Trigger 
Event Early Redemption Restrictions do not apply to such redemption or to the 
redemption notice relating to such redemption (as applicable); and 
(iv) 
in the case of any such redemption, purchase or cancellation of Preferred Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, and, 
the Relevant Regulator has given permission to, such redemption, purchase or 
cancellation (as applicable) in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements (which, in 
the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as at 10 May 2022, 
are set out in Articles 77 and 78a of the CRR and any regulatory technical standards 
and/or delegated regulations adopted by the Commission in relation thereto) and, if so 
given by the Relevant Regulator, such permission has not been withdrawn by the 
Relevant Regulator prior to the date fixed for redemption, purchase or cancellation (as 
applicable).  
If after a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to Condition 8(b), 8(c), 8(d) or 8(e) (as 
applicable), the Relevant Regulator withdraws its permission to the relevant redemption before 
the relevant redemption date, such notice of redemption shall automatically be revoked and the 
relevant redemption shall not be made until a new redemption notice is given and all conditions 
for redemption as described in this Condition 8(k) have been fulfilled. The redemption 
restriction described in this paragraph is referred to as the “Permission Withdrawal Early 
Redemption Restriction”.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
Any refusal by the Relevant Regulator to grant its permission to any such redemption, purchase 
or cancellation (as applicable) pursuant to this Condition 8(k) will not constitute an event of 
default or an Enforcement Event under the relevant Notes.  
In addition, if the Issuer has elected to substitute or vary the relevant Notes pursuant to 
Condition 8(j) but prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may be, a Trigger 
Event occurs, the relevant notice shall be automatically rescinded and shall be of no force and 
effect. 
9 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature (together, “Taxes”) imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
Denmark, or any political sub-division of, or any authority in, or of, Denmark having power to tax, unless 
the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by law. In that event, in the case of a payment of 
interest only, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as may be necessary 
in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders and Couponholders after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would have been receivable in respect of the Notes 
or, as the case may be, Coupons in the absence of the withholding or deduction; except that no Additional 
Amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to the Taxes in respect of the Note or 
Coupon by reason of its having some connection with Denmark other than the mere holding of 
the Note or Coupon or receipt of principal or interest in respect thereof; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that a 
holder would have been entitled to Additional Amounts on presenting the same for payment on 
the last day of the period of 30 days assuming that day to have been a Payment Date. 
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by (in the case of Notes other 
than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP 
Agent is not the Issuer) on or before the due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
10 
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in 
the case of principal) and three years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 9) therefor, subject as provided in Condition 7(b). 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7(b) or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 7(b). 
11 
Enforcement Events 
(a) 
There are no events of default in respect of the Notes. Noteholders shall not be entitled at any 
time to file for bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. 
(b) 
If an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the bankruptcy or liquidation of the 
Issuer (an “Enforcement Event”), any Noteholder may prove or claim in such proceedings in

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
respect of the Notes, such claim being for payment of the Early Redemption Amount of the 
Notes at the time of commencement of such bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer together 
with any interest accrued and unpaid on such Note (in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes, to the extent that the same is not cancelled in accordance with the terms of the Notes) 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the occurrence of such 
Enforcement Event and any other amounts payable on the Notes (including any damages 
payable in respect thereof). Such claim shall rank as provided in Condition 3. 
(c) 
Subject to Condition 11(a) and without prejudice to Condition 11(b), any Noteholder may, at 
its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may 
think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes, 
provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any proceedings be obliged to 
pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
12 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Issuing Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as 
the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
13 
Agents 
The names of the initial Issuing Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Registrar, Paying Agents and Transfer 
Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed 
in connection with any Series of Notes, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing Agent, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Registrar and any Paying Agent or Transfer Agent and/or appoint another Principal Paying 
Agent or additional or other Registrars, Paying Agents or Transfer Agents and/or approve any change in 
the specified office through which any such entity acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a Paying Agent 
and Transfer Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be an Issuing Agent, a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; and 
(iii) 
if the Notes refer to a Calculation Agent, there will at all times be a Calculation Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City 
in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 7(b). Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
In the case of VP Notes, if, at any time, the Issuer is not itself authorised to act as an account holding 
institution with the VP, the Issuer shall appoint a VP Agent that is so authorised to act on its behalf in 
respect of VP Notes.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
14 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprising any Coupon sheet matures, 
the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the 
Issuing Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not 
include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note 
to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 10. Each Talon shall, for 
the purposes of these Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final 
Coupon comprising the Coupon sheet in which that Talon was included on issue matures. 
15 
Notices 
Subject as provided below, notices to the holders of Registered Notes will be mailed to them or, if there 
is more than one holder of any Registered Note, to the first named holder of that Note at their respective 
addresses in the Register and shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing.  
Subject as provided below, notices to the holders of Bearer Notes will be valid if published in a leading 
daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times).  
Until such time as any Registered Notes in definitive form or Definitive Notes (as applicable) are issued, 
there may, so long as any Global Notes or Global Certificates representing the Notes are held in their 
entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such mailing or such 
publication in such newspaper (as applicable) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second day after the day on which the 
said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In addition, so long as the Notes are admitted to listing on the official list of the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) and admitted to trading on the regulated market for 
listed securities of Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so permit) if published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules and regulations of any other stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed.  
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of publication or, if published more than 
once on different dates, on the date of first publication.  
If publication as provided above is not practicable, notice will be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe.  
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to 
Noteholders in accordance with this Condition. 
Notices to holders of VP Notes shall be given in accordance with the procedures of the VP and in a 
manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by which 
the VP Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of publication in accordance with the procedures of the VP.  
Unless otherwise specified in these Conditions, notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing 
and given by lodging the same, together with the relative Note or Notes (or Certificate ot Certificates 
representing such Note or Notes), with the Issuing Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar 
(in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global 
Certificate, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Issuing Agent or the Registrar

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Issuing 
Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve 
for this purpose. 
16 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modification 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the modification by Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of any of these Conditions. The quorum at 
any meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more persons present 
holding or representing a clear majority in the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons present whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes held or represented by him or them, except that at any meeting, the business 
of which includes the modification of certain of these Conditions in accordance with the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be one or more persons present holding or representing not less than three-
quarters (or at any adjourned meeting, one-quarter) of the nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders 
will be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all 
Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all 
purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Noteholders. 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate and such Global 
Note or Global Certificate is held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, for 
the purpose of determining whether a resolution in writing has been validly passed the Issuer 
shall be entitled to rely upon (i) approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way 
of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg in accordance with their operating rules and 
procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes outstanding; or (ii) consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global 
Certificate or, where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, 
on written consent from or written instruction by the person for whom such entitlement is 
ultimately beneficially held, whether such beneficiary holds directly with the accountholder or 
via one or more intermediaries and provided that, in each case, the Issuer has obtained 
commercially reasonable evidence to ascertain the validity of such holding and has taken 
reasonable steps to ensure that such holding does not alter following the giving of such consent 
or instruction and prior to the effecting of such amendment, both in accordance with the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Any modification to these Conditions pursuant to the operation of the provisions described in 
this Condition 16(a) is subject to Condition 8(k). 
(b) 
Modification

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
Subject to Condition 8(k), the Issuer may make, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders: 
(i) 
any modification to the Notes, these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the 
Declaration of Direct Rights to correct a manifest error; or 
(ii) 
any modification to the Notes, these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the 
Declaration of Direct Rights which, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, is not prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders and the Couponholders.  
Any such modification to the Agency Agreement shall be subject to the agreement of the Issuing 
Agent. Subject as provided in these Conditions, no other modification may be made to the 
Notes, these Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the Declaration of Direct Rights except with 
the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution and, in the case of a modification to the Agency 
Agreement, the consent of the Issuing Agent.  
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as 
practicable thereafter.  
17 
Further Issues 
The Issuer is at liberty from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to 
create and issue further notes ranking pari passu in all respects (or in all respects save for the first 
payment of interest thereon) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Notes. 
18 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, Danish 
law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of Denmark are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or 
in connection with the Notes or Coupons and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes or Coupons (“Proceedings”) may be brought in 
such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any 
objection to Proceedings in such courts whether on the ground of venue or on the ground that 
the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the 
benefit of each of the Noteholders and Couponholders and shall not limit the right of any of 
them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of 
Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
(c) 
Recognition of write-down or conversion powers 
For the avoidance of doubts, by its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and 
accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to (without limitation) the 
exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, in accordance with Article 48 of the BRRD and, in the case of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes only, Article 59 of the BRRD). Upon the Issuer being informed 
and notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise of any Danish Statutory

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
Loss Absorption Powers with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders 
without delay in accordance with Condition 15. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice 
shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers.

--- Page 112 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE VPS NOTES 
The following terms and conditions, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the 
applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to each VPS Note, although such VPS Note will not be evidenced by 
any physical note or any other document of title other than a statement of account made by Euronext VPS. 
Ownership of VPS Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register 
maintained by Euronext VPS.  
References in the terms and conditions to “VPS Notes” are to the VPS Notes of one Series (or, in the case of a 
Series of VPS Notes comprising separate Tranches, one Tranche of VPS Notes) only, not to all VPS Notes which 
may be issued under the Programme from time to time.  
Each VPS Note will be one of a Series (as defined below) of notes issued by Jyske Bank A/S (the “Issuer”) 
pursuant to an agreement dated 12 March 2021 (such agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the “VPS Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer and Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge (the 
“VPS Agent”).  
Unless the context otherwise requires, references herein to the “VPS Notes” shall be references to the VPS Notes 
of this Series and shall mean notes cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, the 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) (“Euronext VPS”). 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created and held in uncertificated dematerialised book entry form in accounts 
with Euronext VPS. The VPS Agent will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with Euronext VPS 
in respect of VPS Notes as detailed in the VPS Agency Agreement. The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain 
information from the register maintained by Euronext VPS for the purposes of performing its obligations under 
the VPS Notes and as permitted by applicable law. 
The final terms of each Tranche of VPS Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms which complete these VPS Conditions. References herein to “Part A of the applicable Final Terms” or 
“applicable Final Terms” are to the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof). References herein to the 
“VPS Conditions” of the VPS Notes are to these terms and conditions as completed by Part A of the applicable 
Final Terms. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means VPS Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and 
“Series” means a Tranche of VPS Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of VPS Notes which are 
(i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) 
except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
References in these VPS Conditions to “Calculation Agent” shall be, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, 
the person appointed as calculation agent in relation to the VPS Notes by the Issuer and shall include any successor 
calculation agent appointed in respect of the VPS Notes. 
Copies of the VPS Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the VPS Agent.  
Words and expressions defined in the VPS Agency Agreement or used in Part A of the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in these VPS Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the VPS Agency Agreement and Part A 
of the applicable Final Terms, Part A of the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
Any reference to “VPS Noteholders” or holders in relation to any VPS Notes shall mean the persons evidenced 
as the owners of such VPS Notes by book entries in the records of Euronext VPS.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The VPS Notes are in uncertificated dematerialised book entry form in the Specified Currency and the 
Specified Denomination(s) each as specified in the applicable Final Terms and will be registered with a 
separate securities identification code in Euronext VPS. VPS Notes of one Specified Denomination may 
not be exchanged for other notes issued by the Issuer, whether in Euronext VPS or otherwise, of another 
Specified Denomination. VPS Notes will not be exchangeable for non-VPS Notes issued by the Issuer, 
and vice versa. 
The Outstanding Principal Amounts of the VPS Notes may be adjusted as provided for (in the case of 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) in Condition 6 or (in the case of all VPS Notes) as otherwise required 
by then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer. Any such adjustment to the 
Outstanding Principal Amounts of the VPS Notes will not have any effect on the Specified 
Denomination(s) of such VPS Notes. 
A VPS Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Rate Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon 
Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
A VPS Note may be a Preferred Senior Note, a Non-Preferred Senior Note, a Subordinated Note or an 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Note, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
In these VPS Conditions:  
“nominal amount” means, in respect of a VPS Note or VPS Notes held by a VPS Noteholder, unless 
the context otherwise requires, the Outstanding Principal Amount(s) of such VPS Note(s). 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means, in respect of a VPS Note: 
(i) 
if such VPS Note is a Preferred Senior Note, Non-Preferred Senior Note or Subordinated Note, 
the outstanding principal amount of such VPS Note, as adjusted from time to time for any 
reduction of the principal amount of such VPS Note as required by then current legislation 
and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
if such VPS Note is an Additional Tier 1 Capital Note, the outstanding principal amount of such 
VPS Note, as adjusted from time to time for any reduction or reinstatement of the principal 
amount of such VPS Note in accordance with Condition 6 or as otherwise required by then 
current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer,  
and “Outstanding Principal Amounts” means the sum of the Outstanding Principal Amount of each 
VPS Note. 
2 
Transfers of VPS Notes 
(a) 
Transfers of Interests in VPS Notes 
VPS Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time 
being of Euronext VPS. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo 
Business Days after the date of the relevant transaction. VPS Notes may be transferred between 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time 
being, of Euronext VPS. A transfer of VPS Notes which is held in Euronext VPS through 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”) or Clearstream Banking SA (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”) is only possible by using an account operator linked to Euronext VPS.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
(b) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of VPS Notes under Condition 8, the Issuer shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any VPS Note, or part of a VPS Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
(c) 
Costs of registration and administration of the VPS Register 
VPS Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration 
of, transfer or administration in relation to the register maintained by Euronext VPS, except for 
any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer 
may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental 
charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3 
Status of the VPS Notes 
(a) 
Status of Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 3(a) only applies to Preferred Senior Notes. 
The Preferred Senior Notes are intended, on issue, to constitute MREL Eligible Liabilities.  
The Preferred Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu, without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
at least pari passu with all other outstanding senior, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (save for obligations which may be preferred by law, including 
obligations benefitting from a preferred ranking to the Preferred Senior Notes), present 
and future, without any preference by reason of priority of date of creation, currency of 
payment or otherwise as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
senior to any Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer as regards the right to 
receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to 
receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Status of Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 3(b) only applies to Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes on issue constitute Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the 
Issuer.  
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes are intended, on issue, to constitute MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank and shall at all times rank:  
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any other obligations or instruments that rank or are expressed to rank 
pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior Notes (including any other Non-Preferred

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
Senior Obligations of the Issuer), in each case as regards the right to receive periodic 
payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment 
of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to holders of the Ordinary Shares and any other obligations or capital instruments 
of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
or any obligations pursuant to Section 98 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act, in each case 
as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act and (c) any 
other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Non-
Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer, in each case as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3(c) only applies to Subordinated Notes. The Subordinated Notes 
(kapitalbeviser) on issue constitute Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and the Group.    
The Subordinated Notes (kapitalbeviser) constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and shall, subject to (A) the Danish implementation of Article 
48(7) of the BRRD in Section 13(4) (as amended or replaced from time to time) of the Danish 
Recovery and Resolution Act and/or (B) Section 13(5) (as amended or replaced from time to 
time) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act,  at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute 
Tier 2 Capital and (b) any other obligations or capital instruments that rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the 
right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the 
right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to (a) holders of the Ordinary Shares, (b) any obligations or capital instruments 
of the Issuer which constitute Tier 1 Capital and (c) any other obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated 
Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer (including unsubordinated creditors pursuant to Section 97 of 
the Danish Bankruptcy Act and unsubordinated creditors that are creditors in respect 
of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations) and (c) subordinated creditors of the Issuer other 
than the present or future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari 
passu with or junior to the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to 
receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to 
receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
(d) 
Status of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes 
This Condition 3(d) only applies to Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. The Additional Tier 1 
Capital Notes (kapitalbeviser) on issue constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and the 
Group. 
Subject to Condition 6, the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes (kapitalbeviser) constitute direct, 
unsecured and subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer and rank and shall, subject to (A) the 
Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD in Section 13(4) (as amended or replaced 
from time to time) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act and/or (B) Section 13(5) (as 
amended or replaced from time to time) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, at all times 
rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute 
Additional Tier 1 Capital and (b) any other obligations or capital instruments of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments (to the extent any 
such periodic payment has not been cancelled) on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to (a) holders of the Ordinary Shares and (b) any other obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Additional 
Tier 1 Capital Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments (to 
the extent any such periodic payment has not been cancelled) on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer (including unsubordinated creditors pursuant to Section 97 of 
the Danish Bankruptcy Act and unsubordinated creditors that are creditors in respect 
of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations), (c) creditors of the Issuer that are creditors in 
respect of any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute Tier 2 
Capital and (d) other subordinated creditors of the Issuer other than the present or 
future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior 
to the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments (to the extent any such periodic payment has not been cancelled) on 
a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital 
on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
(e) 
No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim 
No VPS Noteholder, who shall in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer be 
indebted to the Issuer, shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim 
against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the VPS Notes held by such VPS Noteholder. 
(f) 
Definitions 
In these VPS Conditions: 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital” means capital which is treated as Additional Tier 1 capital (in 
Danish: hybrid kernekapital) (or any equivalent or successor term) under the CRD/CRR

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
requirements by the Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group, as 
applicable. 
“BRRD” means the Directive (2014/59/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
resolution and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may 
be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such 
Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 
June 2019). 
“Common Equity Tier 1 Capital” means Common Equity Tier 1 capital (or any equivalent or 
successor term) of, as the case may be, the Issuer or the Group, in each case as calculated by the 
Issuer in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements and any applicable transitional 
arrangement under the CRD/CRR. 
“CRD/CRR” means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD Directive, the 
CRR and any CRD/CRR Implementing Measures. 
“CRD Directive” means the Directive (2013/36/EU) of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 
2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (or, as the 
case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing such Directive), as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments 
to such Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures 
dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 
2019). 
“CRD/CRR Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or 
other requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable, and 
which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements 
to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer 
(on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD Directive or 
the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation any regulatory technical 
standards, guidelines, recommendations and/or opinions released from time to time by the 
European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof) or the Relevant 
Regulator, as the case may be. 
“CRR” means the Regulation (2013/575) of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such 
Regulation resulting from Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds 
and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union 
on 7 June 2019). 
“Danish Bankruptcy Act” means the Danish Bankruptcy Act (Consolidated Act No. 775 of 3 
May 2021, as amended or replaced from time to time). 
“Danish Companies Act” means the Danish Companies Act (Consolidated Act No. 1952 of 11 
October 2021, as amended or replaced from time to time).

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
“Danish Financial Business Act” means the Danish Financial Business Act (Consolidated Act 
No. 406 of 29 March 2022, as amended or replaced from time to time). 
“Danish Recovery and Resolution Act” means the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act (Act 
No. 24 of 4 January 2019, as amended or replaced from time to time). 
“Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and 
exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Denmark, 
relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish 
law transposing or implementing such Directive) as amended or replaced from time to time and 
(ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of 
the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into 
Ordinary Shares, other Securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other Person (or 
suspended for a temporary period). 
“Group” means the Issuer together with its Subsidiaries and other entities that are consolidated 
in the Issuer’s calculation of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio on a consolidated level 
in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements. 
“Non-Preferred Senior Obligations” means any unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities of 
the Issuer which rank below (i) any Preferred Senior Notes issued by the Issuer and (ii) any 
obligations of the Issuer that rank pari passu with any Preferred Senior Notes upon an 
insolvency of the Issuer in accordance with section 13(3) of the Danish Recovery and 
Resolution Act of certain Financial Businesses. 
“Ordinary Shares” means fully paid-up ordinary shares in the capital of the Issuer. 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality.  
“Relevant Regulator” means, in relation to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, the 
Danish Financial Supervisory Authority and any successor or replacement thereto, and/or such 
other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the 
Issuer or the Group and/or (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority (if applicable), in any case as determined by the 
Issuer. 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise 
any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (or any other power under the BRRD) in relation 
to the Issuer and/or the Group.  
“Securities” means any securities including, without limitation, shares in the capital of the 
Issuer. 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any entity, any company which is for the time being a 
subsidiary within the meaning of Sections 6 and 7 of the Danish Companies Act. 
“Tier 1 Capital” means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 1 under the CRD/CRR 
requirements by the Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group, as 
applicable. 
“Tier 2 Capital” means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 2 under the CRD/CRR 
requirements by the Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group, as 
applicable.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
4 
Euro and Redenomination 
References to euro are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic 
and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Union (as amended from time to 
time). 
If Redenomination is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, VPS Notes denominated in a 
currency that may be redenominated into euro may, at the election of the Issuer, be subject to 
redenomination in the manner set out below. In relation to such VPS Notes the Issuer may, without the 
consent of the VPS Noteholders, on giving at least 30 days’ prior notice to VPS Noteholders and the VPS 
Agent designate a “Redenomination Date” for the VPS Notes, being (in the case of interest-bearing 
VPS Notes) a date for payment of interest under the VPS Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) 
any date, in each case specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the VPS Noteholders pursuant to this 
paragraph falling on or after the date on which the relevant Member State commences participation in 
such third stage and which falls before the date on which the Specified Currency ceases to be a sub-
division of the euro. 
With effect from the Redenomination Date, notwithstanding the other provisions of these VPS 
Conditions: 
(i) 
the VPS Notes shall (unless already so provided by mandatory provisions of applicable law) be 
deemed to be redenominated in euro in the denomination of euro 0.01 with a nominal amount 
for each VPS Note equal to the nominal amount of that VPS Note in the relevant currency, 
converted into euro at the rate for conversion of the relevant currency into euro established by 
the Council of the European Union pursuant to the Treaty (including compliance with rules 
relating to rounding in accordance with European Community regulations) provided that, if the 
Issuer determines that the then current market practice in respect of the redenomination into 
euro 0.01 of internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified above, 
such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the VPS Noteholders, any stock exchange on which the VPS 
Notes may be listed and the VPS Agent of such deemed amendment; 
(ii) 
all payments in respect of the VPS Notes (other than, unless the Redenomination Date is on or 
after such date as the relevant currency ceases to be a sub-division of the euro, payments of 
interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date) will be made solely 
in euro. Such payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or by cheque; and 
(iii) 
the amount of interest in respect of VPS Notes will be calculated by reference to the nominal 
amount of notes presented for payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such payment 
shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01. 
In connection with such redenomination, the Issuer may, after consultation with the VPS Agent, make 
such other changes to the VPS Conditions applicable to the relevant VPS Notes as it may decide so as to 
conform them to the then current market practice in respect of euro-denominated debt securities issued 
in the Euromarkets which are held in international clearing systems. Any such changes will not take 
effect until the next following Interest Payment Date after they have been notified to the VPS Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 12. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year and, if 
applicable, on the Maturity Date if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The amount 
of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(h). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date. The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(h). Such interest will be payable in arrear 
on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the first Specified Interest Payment Date and each 
successive period from (and including) a Specified Interest Payment Date to 
(but excluding) the next Specified Interest Payment Date unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each being an “Interest Period”); or 
(B) 
if no express Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each date (each, a “Specified Interest Payment 
Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the 
Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Specified 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Specified Interest Payment 
Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if any 
Specified Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Interest Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(i)(B) above, the “Floating Rate Convention”, such Specified Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) 
such Specified Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Specified 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls 
the number of months or other period specified as the Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding applicable Specified Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the “Following Business Day Convention”, such Specified Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such Specified 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Specified Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
(4) 
the “Preceding Business Day Convention”, such Specified Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these VPS Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is: 
(C) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in any Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System, as defined 
below) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(D) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as a Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 
November 2007 or any successor thereto (the “TARGET2 System”) is open 
(a “TARGET Business Day”); and 
(E) 
either (1) in relation to interest payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
of the country of the relevant Specified Currency or (2) in relation to interest 
payable in euro a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and the 
provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination, Screen Rate Determination 
or Linear Interpolation shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal 
to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
an interest rate Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 
ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published 
by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; (together, the 
“ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate 
Option is based on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate 
(EURIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period or (ii) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” 
and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions.  
For the purposes of these VPS Conditions “Euro-zone” means the region 
comprised of member states of the European Union that have adopted the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination  
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of 
the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at (i) 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) in the case of EURIBOR; or (ii) 11.00 a.m. 
(Copenhagen time) in the case of CIBOR; or (iii) 
11.00 a.m. (Oslo time) in the case of NIBOR; or (iv) 
11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) in the case of STIBOR, on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded 
by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations. 
(y) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph 
(x)(1) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph (x)(2) applies and fewer than three

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each 
case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the 
Issuer shall request, if the Reference Rate is (i) EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks; or (ii) 
CIBOR, the principal Copenhagen office of each of the Reference 
Banks; or (iii) NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of each of the 
Reference Banks; or (iv) STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of 
each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with 
its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is (A) EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time); or (B) CIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time); or (C) NIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Norwegian time); or (D) STIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time), on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered 
quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be 
the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is (i) 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time); or (ii) 
CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time); or (iii) 
NIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Norwegian time); or (iv) 
STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time), on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is (A) 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market; or (B) CIBOR, the 
Copenhagen inter-bank market; or (C) NIBOR, the Oslo inter-bank 
market; or (D) STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, as the 
case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) or, if the Reference 
Rate is NIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Norwegian time) or, if 
the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Stockholm time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of 
the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent 
it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR,

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
the Copenhagen inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR, the Oslo inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, as the case may be, 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum 
Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation  
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate 
Option (where “ISDA Determination” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, provided however that if there is no rate available for 
a period of time shorter or, as the case may be, longer than the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer shall determine as 
appropriate for such purposes. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, 
the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to 
ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rates of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Accrual Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest 
Accrual Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above 
is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Accrual Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest 
Accrual Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above 
is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
(iv) 
Margin  
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all 
Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the applicable Interest 
Accrual Period, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (b) above by adding 
(if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such 
Margin, subject always to paragraph (iii) (Minimum and/or Maximum Rates of 
Interest) above and to the next paragraph. 
(c) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Reset Notes  
(i) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Fixed Rate Reset Note bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount: 
(a) 
in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the Reset Date (or, if there is more than one Reset 
Period, the first Reset Date occurring after the Interest Commencement Date), 
at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; and 
(b) 
in respect of the Reset Period (or if there is more than one Reset Period, each 
successive Reset Period), at such rate per annum as is equal to the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date(s) in accordance with this Condition 5(c),  
(in each case, rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) payable, in each case, in arrear on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(h). 
(ii) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page 
This Condition 5(c)(ii) applies only where Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate.  
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page is not 
available or the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate does not appear on the Subsequent 
Reset Rate Screen Page as of the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate Time on such Reset 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the VPS Notes in respect of each 
Interest Accrual Period falling in the relevant Reset Period will, subject as provided in 
Condition 5(d), as applicable, be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: (1) the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its Mid-Swap Rate Quotation at approximately the Subsequent 
Reset Rate Time on the Reset Determination Date in question; (2) if two or more of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Swap Rate Quotation, 
the Subsequent Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the Mid-Swap Rate Quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
applicable Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; (3) if only one of the 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Swap Rate Quotation, the 
Subsequent Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be the Mid-Swap Rate 
Quotation plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable Margin, both as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; and (4) if none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
Agent with a Mid-Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Subsequent Reset Rate shall be determined as at the last preceding Reset 
Determination Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the 
Subsequent Reset Rate shall be equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
if Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, (A) the Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the 
applicable Margin; 
(b) 
if Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, (A) the Reset Period Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the applicable Margin; or 
(c) 
if Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, (A) the last observable rate for 
swaps in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the applicable Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
If Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Subsequent Reset Rate will be converted from the Original Reset 
Reference Rate Payment Basis to a basis which matches the per annum frequency of 
Interest Payment Dates in respect of the VPS Notes (such calculation to be determined 
by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution selected by it). 
(d) 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If: 
(i) 
the VPS Notes are Fixed Rate Reset Notes and Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
the VPS Notes are Floating Rate Notes and Screen Rate Determination is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
and, in each case, if Reference Rate Replacement is also specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, then the provisions of this Condition 5(d) shall apply. 
If, notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(b)(ii) (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) or 
Condition 5(c)(ii) (in the case of Fixed Rate Reset Notes), the Calculation Agent (in consultation 
with the Issuer) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to the Original Reference 
Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if such Independent Adviser fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, 
an Alternative Reference Rate,

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (in any such case, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) no later than the relevant IA Determination Cut-
off Date, for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the VPS Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) and for all other future Interest Accrual Periods 
or Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
5(d) during any other future Interest Accrual Period(s) or Reset Period(s) (as 
applicable)); 
(b) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Issuer fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread no later than the relevant Issuer Determination 
Cut-off Date, for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the VPS Notes for such next Interest Accrual 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) and for all other future Interest Accrual Periods 
or Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
5(d) during any other future Interest Accrual Period(s) or Reset Period(s) (as 
applicable)). Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of 
determining any Successor Reference Rate, any Alternative Reference Rate and/or any 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant and applicable 
market precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant associations 
involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international 
debt capital markets; 
(c) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) in accordance with this Condition 5(d): 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
shall be the Original Reference Rate for all future Interest Accrual Periods or 
Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(d)); 
(B) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(x) 
determines an Adjustment Spread in relation to such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 5(d)); or 
(y) 
is unable to determine an Adjustment Spread in relation to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), then such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
Spread (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 5(d)); and 
(C) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion specify: 
(x) 
changes to these VPS Conditions in order to follow market practice 
in relation to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), including, but not limited to (1) the 
Business Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day 
Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Reset Determination 
Date, Reference Banks, Relevant Financial Centre and/or Relevant 
Screen Page applicable to the VPS Notes and (2) the method for 
determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest (or relevant 
component part thereof) in relation to the VPS Notes if such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is not available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to ensure 
the proper operation and comparability to the relevant Original 
Reference Rate of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), 
which changes shall apply to the VPS Notes for all future Interest Accrual 
Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 5(d)); and 
(d) 
promptly following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any changes (and the effective date 
thereof) pursuant to Condition 5(b)(v)(c)(C) to (A) the VPS Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 12, (B) the VPS Agent and (C) the Calculation Agent. 
No consent of the VPS Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) as described in this 
Condition 5(d) or such other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 5(d)(c)(C), including for 
the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties 
to the Agency Agreement (if required). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is 
not determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 5(d) prior to the relevant Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest (or component part thereof) for the next 
Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be determined by reference to the 
fallback provisions of Condition 5(d)(ii)(B) (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) or Condition 
5(c)(ii) (in the case of Fixed Rate Reset Notes).  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(d): 
(i) 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the VPS Notes will be made pursuant 
to this Condition 5(d), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the VPS Notes as:

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
(A) 
in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, MREL 
Eligible Liabilities (as defined below); 
(B) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital; or 
(C) 
in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, Additional Tier 1 Capital of 
the Issuer and/or the Group; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only, no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no 
other amendments to the terms of the VPS Notes will be made pursuant to this 
Condition 5(d), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next 
Interest Payment Date (or any future Interest Payment Date) as the effective maturity 
of the VPS Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
This Condition 5(e) only applies to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes.  
Where a VPS Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior 
to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity 
Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such VPS Note. As from the Maturity Date, the 
Rate of Interest for any overdue nominal amount of such a VPS Note shall be calculated in 
accordance with Condition 8(i). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each VPS Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall 
continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9). 
(g) 
Interest Cancellation 
This Condition 5(g) only applies to Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. 
(i) 
Any payment of interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Additional 
Amounts payable pursuant to Condition 9) in respect of the VPS Notes shall be payable 
only out of the Issuer’s Distributable Items and: 
(A) 
may be cancelled, at any time, in whole or in part, at the option of the Issuer 
in its sole discretion; or 
(B) 
will be mandatorily cancelled, in whole or in part, to the extent: 
(1) 
that, if the relevant payment were so made, the amount of such 
payment, when aggregated together with, where relevant, (x) other 
distributions of the kind referred to in Article 141 of the CRD 
Directive (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law 
transposing or implementing Article 141 of the CRD Directive), or 
any successor thereto, or (y) distributions of the kind referred to in 
any analogous payment restrictions arising in respect of capital 
buffers under CRD/CRR or the BRRD (including, without

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
limitation, Article 16a thereof) and/or any minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities under CRD/CRR and/or the BRRD 
(including, without limitation, Article 16a thereof) (or, as the case 
may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing 
any such analogous payment restrictions), would cause a breach of 
any regulatory restriction or prohibition on payments on Additional 
Tier 1 Capital instruments relating to any applicable Maximum 
Distributable Amount; or 
(2) 
otherwise so required by CRD/CRR, including the applicable criteria 
for Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments, or the BRRD or where the 
Relevant Regulator requires the Issuer to cancel the relevant 
payment in whole or in part. 
(ii) 
The Issuer shall give notice to (A) the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
12 and (B) the VPS Agent, of any such cancellation of a payment of interest, which 
notice might be given after the date on which the relevant payment of interest is 
scheduled to be made. Notwithstanding the foregoing, failure to give such notice shall 
not prejudice the right of the Issuer not to pay interest as described above. 
(iii) 
Following any cancellation of interest as described above, the right of VPS 
Noteholders to receive accrued interest in respect of any such Interest Period will 
terminate and the Issuer will have no further obligation to pay such interest or to pay 
interest thereon, whether or not payments of interest in respect of subsequent Interest 
Periods are made, and such unpaid interest will not be deemed to have “accrued” or 
been earned for any purpose nor will the non-payment of such interest constitute a 
default by the Issuer for any purpose and the VPS Noteholders shall have no rights in 
respect of such payment of interest whether in a bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer 
or otherwise. 
(h) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any VPS Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation 
Amount and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, rounded to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards), unless an Interest 
Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which 
case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such VPS Note for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance 
with such formula). In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, 
the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for 
which interest is required to be calculated. 
In the case of VPS Notes where the Calculation Amount has not been adjusted as described in 
the definition thereof, where the Specified Denomination of a VPS Note is the Original 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such VPS Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period (or any other period for which interest is required to be calculated) shall be the 
amount (determined for such Interest Accrual Period (or such other period for which interest is 
required to be calculated) in the manner provided above) per Calculation Amount. In the case 
of such VPS Notes, where the Specified Denomination of a Note is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such VPS Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period (or any other period for which interest is required to be calculated) shall be the product 
of the amount (determined for such Interest Accrual Period (or such other period for which 
interest is required to be calculated) in the manner provide above) per Calculation Amount and

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
the number by which the Calculation Amount is required to be multiplied to equal the Specified 
Denomination of such VPS Note, without any further rounding. 
In the case of VPS Notes where the Calculation Amount has been adjusted as described in the 
definition thereof, where the Specified Denomination of a VPS Note is the Original Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such VPS Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period (or any other period for which interest is required to be calculated) shall be the amount 
(determined for such Interest Accrual Period (or such other period for which interest is required 
to be calculated) in the manner provided above) per Calculation Amount. In the case of such 
VPS Notes, where the Specified Denomination of a VPS Note is a multiple of the Original 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such VPS Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period (or any other period for which interest is required to be calculated) shall be the 
product of: 
(i) 
the amount of interest per Calculation Amount (determined for such Interest Accrual 
Period (or such other period for which interest is required to be calculated) in the 
manner provided above); and 
(ii) 
the number by which the Original Calculation Amount is required to be multiplied to 
equal the Specified Denomination of such VPS Note,  
without any further rounding. 
If pursuant to (in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) Condition 6 or (in the case of all 
VPS Notes) as otherwise required by then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to 
the Issuer, the Outstanding Principal Amounts are reduced and/or reinstated, as applicable, 
during an Interest Accrual Period, the Calculation Amount will be adjusted by the Calculation 
Agent to reflect such Outstanding Principal Amounts from time to time so that the relevant 
amount of interest is determined by reference to such Calculation Amount as adjusted from time 
to time, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may 
be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each 
Interest Accrual Period (or, in the case of Reset Notes, for each Reset Period) and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date(s) and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the VPS Agent, the 
Issuer, the VPS Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the VPS Notes 
that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the rules of the 
stock exchange on which the VPS Notes are listed or other relevant authority so require, such 
exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, 
in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in 
all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination.  
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5(b)(i), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will notify the VPS Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(h). 
(j) 
Notifications to be final 
All notifications, communications, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
5, whether by the VPS Agent or the Calculation Agent or (in the circumstances described in 
Condition 5(d)) an Independent Adviser, shall (in the absence of default, bad faith or manifest 
error by them or any of their directors, officers, employees or agents) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the VPS Agent and all VPS Noteholders and (in the 
absence of the above), without prejudice to the ability of the Calculation Agent and/or the VPS 
Agent (as applicable) to rely on any such notifications, communications, determinations, 
certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions, no liability to the Issuer or the VPS 
Noteholders shall attach to the VPS Agent or (if applicable) the Calculation Agent or (if 
applicable) the Independent Adviser in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers and duties under this Condition. 
(k) 
Definitions 
In these VPS Conditions: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
(if no such formal recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate) the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate; or  
(iii) 
(if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that no 
such spread is customarily applied) the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the relevant Successor Reference Rate or 
the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of 
debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration: 
(i) 
in the case of VPS Notes which are Floating Rate Notes, to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Periods; or 
(ii) 
in the case of VPS Notes which are Fixed Rate Reset Notes, to the relevant Reset 
Periods, 
or, in any case, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that 
there is no such rate, such other rate as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
such Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days 
or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing such Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Original 
Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (ii)(A); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of such Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (iv)(A); or 
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of such Original Reference Rate that means such Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (B) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (v)(A); or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date 
(as applicable) become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or any other agents party to 
the Agency Agreement to calculate any payments due to be made to the VPS 
Noteholders using such Original Reference Rate; or 
(vii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used. 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the applicable Final Terms (the 
“Original Calculation Amount”), provided that:

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
(i) 
in respect of Preferred Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Subordinated 
Notes, if the Outstanding Principal Amount of each VPS Note is reduced as required 
by the current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent shall (a) adjust the Calculation Amount on a pro rata basis to account for such 
reduction and (b) notify (1) the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 and 
(2) the VPS Agent, of the details of such adjustment; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, the Outstanding Principal Amount of 
each VPS Note is amended (either by reduction or reinstatement) in accordance with 
Condition 6 or as otherwise required by then current legislation and/or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent shall (a) adjust the Calculation Amount 
on a pro rata basis to account for such reduction or reinstatement, as the case may be, 
and (b) notify (1) the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 and (2) the 
VPS Agent, of the details of such adjustment.  
“Calculation Period” means the period from, and including, the first day of any period of time 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest of any Note to, but excluding, the last day 
of such period (whether or not constituting an Interest Period). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Calculation Period: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(d) 
if “30/360” or “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2−Y1)]+[30×(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1, will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D-, is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(e) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2−Y1)]+[30×(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1, will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(f) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2−Y1)]+[30×(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1, will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
and 
(g) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date 
in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
“Distributable Items” means, as prescribed by CRD/CRR (or any equivalent or successor term 
from time to time as applicable to distribution restrictions on Additional Tier 1 Capital 
instruments), the amount of the profits at the end of the last financial year plus any profits 
brought forward and reserves available for that purpose before distributions to holders of own 
funds instruments (which, for the avoidance doubt, excludes any such distributions paid or made 
on Tier 2 Capital instruments or which have already been provided for, by way of deduction, in 
calculating the amount of Distributable Items) less any losses brought forward, any profits 
which are non-distributable pursuant to provisions in European Union or Danish legislation or 
the institution’s by-laws and any sums placed to non-distributable reserves in accordance with 
national law or the statutes of the institution, in each case with respect to the specific category 
of own funds instruments to which European Union or Danish law, institutions' by-laws, or 
statutes relate; such profits, losses and reserves being determined on the basis of the individual 
accounts of the institution and not on the basis of the consolidated accounts, or any successor 
provision thereto. 
“IA Determination Cut-off Date” means:

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
(i) 
if the VPS Notes are Fixed Rate Reset Notes and Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate, in any Reset Period, 
the date that is no later than five Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Reset Period; or  
(ii) 
if the VPS Notes are Floating Rate Notes, in any Interest Accrual Period, the date that 
is no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to 
the immediately following Interest Accrual Period. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each 
case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
“Initial Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
and Fixed Rate Reset Notes, and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or unless the Calculation Amount has been adjusted as described in the 
definition thereof, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending 
the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling 
two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Issuer Determination Cut-off Date” means: 
(i) 
if the VPS Notes are Fixed Rate Reset Notes and Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate, in any Reset Period, 
the date that is no later than three Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Reset Period; or

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
(ii) 
if the VPS Notes are Floating Rate Notes, in any Interest Accrual Period, the date that 
is no later than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating 
to the immediately following Interest Accrual Period. 
“Margin” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Maximum Distributable Amount” means any applicable maximum distributable amount 
relating to the Issuer and/or the Group (if any) which is determined pursuant to Article 141 of 
the CRD Directive (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or 
implementing Article 141 of the CRD Directive), or any successor provision thereto or any 
analogous payment restrictions arising in respect of capital buffers under CRD/CRR or the 
BRRD (including, without limitation, Article 16a thereof) and/or any minimum requirement 
for own funds and eligible liabilities under CRD/CRR and/or the BRRD (including, without 
limitation, Article 16a thereof) (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing 
or implementing any such analogous payment restrictions). 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means, subject as provided in Condition 5(d), if 
applicable, EURIBOR (if the Specified Currency is euro), CIBOR (if the Specified Currency is 
Danish Kroner), NIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Norwegian Kroner), STIBOR (if the 
Specified Currency is Swedish Kronor) or (in the case of any other Specified Currency) the 
benchmark rate most closely connected with such Specified Currency and selected by the Issuer. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, subject as provided in Condition 5(d), if applicable, for any Reset 
Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency 
equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing 
on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for 
the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity as specified in the applicable Final Terms (calculated on 
the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
“Mid-Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Swap Rate. 
“Original Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the definition of 
Calculation Amount. 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purposes of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) 
of the VPS Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the 
operation of Condition 5(d).

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
“Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis” has the meaning given in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this VPS 
Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in these VPS 
Conditions. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of (a) EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market; (b) CIBOR, the principal 
Copenhagen office of four major banks in the Copenhagen inter-bank market; or (c) NIBOR, 
the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market; or (d) STIBOR, the 
principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market, in each 
case selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute, and in 
the case of a determination of the Subsequent Reset Rate if the Subsequent Reset Rate Screen 
Page is unavailable, the principal office in the principal financial centre of four major banks in 
the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the Subsequent Reset 
Reference Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international 
repute. 
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by 
the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of 
international repute as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant 
Reset Period that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same 
currency as the VPS Notes and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period. 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (i) the 
arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset 
Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on 
the advice of an investment bank of international repute), or their affiliates, which are (i) primary 
government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference 
Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at or around the Subsequent 
Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to the Calculation 
Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
“Reference Rate” means, subject as provided in Condition 5(d), if applicable, the rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate; or

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference 
Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or any successor or 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
“Reset Date” means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Reset Determination Date” means for each Reset Period, the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms falling on or before the commencement of such Reset Period, on which the 
Subsequent Reset Rate applying during such Reset Period will be determined. 
“Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date (if any) if there is only one Reset Date or, if there is more than one Reset Date, 
each period from (and including) one Reset Date (or the first Reset Date) to (but excluding) the 
next Reset Date, or (if applicable) the Maturity Date. 
“Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the VPS Notes are denominated. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate” for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Subsequent 
Reset Reference Rate and (ii) the applicable Margin. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate Time” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Reference Rate” means either: 
(i) 
if “Mid Swap Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if “Single Mid-Swap Rate” is further specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the rate for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(1) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(2) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
displayed on the Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page at or around the 
Subsequent Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date for 
such Reset Period, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(B) 
if “Mean Mid-Swap Rate” is further specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(1) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(2) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
displayed on the Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page at or around the 
Subsequent Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date for 
such Reset Period, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
if “Reference Bond” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the annual yield to 
maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the 
relevant Reference Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent.  
“Successor Reference Rate” means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6 
Loss Absorption following a Trigger Event 
This Condition 6 only applies to Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. 
(a) 
Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event: 
If at any time a Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer shall immediately notify (i) the Relevant 
Regulator, (ii) the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 and (iii) the VPS Agent, 
and the Outstanding Principal Amounts shall be reduced as described below. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, failure to give such notice shall not prejudice the reduction of the Outstanding 
Principal Amounts as described below. 
If a Trigger Event occurs after a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to Condition 
8(b)(B), Condition 8(c) or Condition 8(e) but before the relevant redemption date, such notice 
of redemption shall automatically be revoked and the relevant redemption shall not be made 
until a new redemption notice is given and all conditions for redemption as described in 
Condition 8(k) have been fulfilled. If a notice of a Trigger Event has been given pursuant to this 
Condition 6(a), no notice of redemption may be given pursuant to Condition 8(b)(B), Condition 
8(c) or Condition 8(e) until such Trigger Event has been cured. The redemption restrictions 
described in this paragraph are together referred to as the “Trigger Event Early Redemption 
Restrictions”. 
Such reduction shall take place on such date selected by the Issuer in consultation with the 
Relevant Regulator (the “Write Down Date”) but no later than one month following the 
occurrence of the relevant Trigger Event.  
Subject to compliance with CRD/CRR and BRRD requirements, the amount of the reduction of 
the Outstanding Principal Amounts on the Write Down Date will be equal to the lower of:

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
(i) 
the amount of a reduction to the Outstanding Principal Amounts that would restore the 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable, to 
at least the Trigger Event Threshold at the point of such reduction, taking into account 
the amount of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (if any) of the Issuer and/or the Group, 
as the case may be, generated on or prior to the Write Down Date by the pro rata 
reduction to, or, as the case may be, conversion into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
instruments of, the principal amount of all Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments (if 
any) outstanding at such time, 
 
provided that: 
(x) 
with respect to each such Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instrument (if any), such 
pro rata reduction or, as the case may be, conversion shall only be taken into 
account as described above to the extent required to restore the Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable, to 
the Trigger Event Threshold or, if lower, such Other Loss Absorbing AT1 
Instrument’s trigger level; and 
(y) 
to the extent the reduction to, or, as the case may be, conversion into Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments of, the principal amount of any Other Loss 
Absorbing AT1 Instrument is not, or by the relevant Write Down Date will 
not be, effective for any reason: 
(1) 
the ineffectiveness of any such reduction or, as the case may be, 
conversion into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments shall not 
prejudice the requirement to effect a reduction to the Outstanding 
Principal Amounts pursuant to this Condition 6(a); and 
(2) 
the reduction to, or, as the case may be, conversion into Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments of, the principal amount of any 
Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instrument which is not, or by the Write 
Down Date will not be, effective shall not be taken into account in 
determining such reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts, 
and 
(ii) 
the amount of a reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts that would reduce the 
Outstanding Principal Amounts to the Loss Absorption Minimum Amount. 
If, in connection with the reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts or the calculation of 
the amount of the reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts, there are any Other Loss 
Absorbing AT1 Instruments that may be reduced, or, as the case may be, converted into 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments in full (save for any floor equivalent to the Loss 
Absorption Minimum Amount) but not in part only (“Full Loss Absorbing AT1 
Instruments”), then: 
(I) 
the requirement that a reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts pursuant to this 
Condition 6(a) shall be effected pro rata with the reduction or, as the case may be, 
conversion into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments, as the case may be, of any 
Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments shall not be construed as requiring the 
Outstanding Principal Amounts to be reduced in full simply by virtue of the fact that 
any Full Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments will be reduced or, as the case may be, 
converted in full; and

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
(II) 
for the purposes of calculating the reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts, 
any Full Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments will be treated (for the purposes only of 
determining the reduction or, as the case may be, conversion into Common Equity Tier 
1 Capital instruments among the VPS Notes and all Other Loss Absorbing AT1 
Instruments on a pro rata basis) as if their terms permitted partial reduction or, as the 
case may be, conversion into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments, such that the 
reduction or, as the case may be, conversion into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
instruments of such Full Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments shall be deemed to occur in 
two concurrent stages: 
(A) 
the principal amount of such Full Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments shall be 
reduced or converted into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments pro rata 
with the VPS Notes and all Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments (if any) 
on the basis described in Condition 6(a)(i) above; and 
(B) 
the balance (if any) of the principal amount of such Full Loss Absorbing AT1 
Instruments remaining following (A) above shall be reduced or, as the case 
may be, converted into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments with the 
effect of increasing the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s, as the case may be, 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio above the minimum required level under 
(A) above. 
The Issuer’s determination of the relevant amount of a reduction to the Outstanding Principal 
Amounts pursuant to this Condition 6(a) shall be binding on all parties. 
Following a reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts as described above, interest will 
continue to accrue on the Outstanding Principal Amounts following such reduction, and will be 
subject to Condition 5(g) and Condition 6(b) as described herein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Note shall, upon the reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts described above, be 
reduced on a likewise pro rata basis. 
Any reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts pursuant to this Condition 6(a) shall not 
constitute an event of default or an Enforcement Event under the Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes. 
(b) 
Reinstatement of the VPS Notes 
Following a reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amounts in accordance with Condition 6(a), 
the Issuer may, at its discretion, reinstate some or all of the principal amount of the Additional 
Tier 1 Capital Notes, subject to compliance with the CRD/CRR requirements and the 
Reinstatement Limit (as defined below), on a pro rata basis with all other Parity Trigger Loss 
Absorbing AT1 Instruments (if any) which would, following such reinstatement, constitute 
Additional Tier 1 Capital and feature similar write down and reinstatement provisions. 
(A) 
Reinstatement Limit 
Any reinstatement of some or all of the principal amount of all relevant outstanding 
Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments, where the principal amount of such Additional 
Tier 1 Capital instruments has been reduced, may not at any time exceed the 
reinstatement limit applicable at such time (the “Reinstatement Limit”). Subject to 
Condition 6(c), the Reinstatement Limit will be the lower of the Available

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
Reinstatement Amounts calculated for each of the Issuer and the Group in accordance 
with Condition 6(b)(B). 
(B) 
Available Reinstatement Amounts 
The “Available Reinstatement Amount” for each of the Issuer and the Group will be 
calculated as the amount equal to the profits of (in the case of the calculation of the 
Issuer’s Available Reinstatement Amount) the Issuer or (in the case of the Group’s 
Available Reinstatement Amount) the Group, in each case after the Issuer or the Group, 
as the case may be, has taken a formal decision confirming its final profits, multiplied 
by the ratio of the Original Principal Amount of all relevant outstanding Additional 
Tier 1 Capital instruments, where the principal amount of such Additional Tier 1 
Capital instruments has been reduced, divided by the total Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer 
or the Group, as the case may be, in each case at the date of the relevant reinstatement, 
less: 
(i) 
with respect to any relevant Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments, where the 
principal amount has been reduced, the sum of any principal amounts that 
have already been reinstated during the period to which such profits relate; 
and 
(ii) 
the sum of any amounts of interest or, as the case may be, other periodic 
distributions in respect of any relevant Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments, 
where the principal amount has been reduced, and which were paid or have 
been calculated (but disregarding any such interest which has been cancelled) 
during the period to which such profits relate on the basis of an outstanding 
principal amount which is lower than the Original Principal Amount of such 
Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments. 
(c) 
Maximum Distributable Amount restriction 
A reinstatement as described above shall not be effected in circumstances which (when 
aggregated together with, where relevant (i) distributions of the kind referred to in Article 141 
of the CRD Directive or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or 
implementing Article 141 of the CRD Directive, or any successor thereto; or (ii) distributions 
of the kind referred to in any analogous payment restrictions arising in respect of capital buffers 
under CRD/CRR or the BRRD (including, without limitation, Article 16a thereof) and/or any 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities under CRD/CRR and/or the 
BRRD (including, without limitation, Article 16a thereof) or, as the case may be, any provision 
of Danish law transposing or implementing any such analogous payment restrictions) would 
cause a breach of any regulatory restriction or prohibition on payments on Additional Tier 1 
Capital instruments relating to any Maximum Distributable Amount. 
(d) 
Miscellaneous provisions applicable to reinstatement 
For the avoidance of doubt, at no time may the Outstanding Principal Amounts exceed the 
Original Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. 
To the extent that the principal amount of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes has been reinstated 
as described above, interest shall begin to accrue on the reinstated principal amount of the 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, and become payable in accordance with these VPS Conditions, 
as from the date of the relevant reinstatement. 
(e) 
No liability

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
The VPS Agent shall have no responsibility for, or liability or obligation in respect of, any loss, 
claim or demand incurred as a result of or in connection with a Trigger Event or any consequent 
write-down, reduction and/or cancellation of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes or of any 
claims in respect thereof. The VPS Agent shall not be responsible for any calculation or 
determination, or the verification of any calculation or determination, in connection with the 
same. 
(f) 
Definitions 
In these VPS Conditions: 
“Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio” means (at any time): 
(i) 
in relation to the Issuer, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of the aggregate amount 
of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer divided by the Risk Exposure 
Amounts of the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
in relation to the Group, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of the aggregate amount 
of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the Group divided by the Risk Exposure 
Amounts of the Group, 
in each case, all as calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements at 
such time and any applicable transitional arrangements under the CRD/CRR requirements at 
such time and reported to the Relevant Regulator. 
“Loss Absorption Minimum Amount” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Original Principal Amount” means, with respect to an issue of Additional Tier 1 Capital 
instruments (including the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes), the original principal amount of 
such Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments. 
“Other Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments” means, in respect of a Series of Additional Tier 1 
Capital Notes, obligations or capital instruments (other than the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes 
of such Series) which are eligible to constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the 
Group and which include a principal loss absorption mechanism that: 
(i) 
is capable of generating Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group; 
and 
(ii) 
is activated by an event equivalent to the Trigger Event in all material respects (or, as 
the case may be, in all material respects other than the threshold for such activation).  
“Parity Trigger Loss Absorbing AT1 Instruments” means, in respect of a Series of 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, obligations or capital instruments (other than the Additional 
Tier 1 Capital Notes of such Series) which are, as at their relevant issue date, eligible to 
constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group and which include a principal 
loss absorption mechanism that is capable of generating Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the 
Issuer and/or the Group and that is activated by an event equivalent to the Trigger Event in all 
material respects and that has a threshold for such activation which is identical to the Trigger 
Event Threshold in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes of such Series. 
“Risk Exposure Amounts” means the aggregate amount of the risk exposure amounts (or any 
equivalent or successor term) of, as the case may be, the Issuer or the Group, in each case as

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements and any applicable 
transitional arrangements under CRD/CRR.  
“Trigger Event” means, in respect of a Series of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, as determined 
at any time by the Issuer, the Relevant Regulator or any agent appointed for such purpose by 
the Relevant Regulator, as the case may be, that the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the 
Issuer and/or the Group has fallen below the Trigger Event Threshold and such determination 
by the Issuer, the Relevant Regulator or any agent appointed for such purpose by the Relevant 
Regulator, as the case may be, shall be binding on the VPS Noteholders. 
“Trigger Event Threshold” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
7 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or by a 
cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre 
of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars, shall be Sydney); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to Condition 9 or other laws to which 
the Issuer or the VPS Agent agrees to be subject and the Issuer or the VPS Agent will not be 
liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, 
directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9. No commission 
or expenses shall be charged to the VPS Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Payments in respect of VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes and notification thereof to VPS 
Noteholders will be made to the VPS Noteholders shown in the records of Euronext VPS and 
will be effected through and in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from 
time to time governing Euronext VPS. The VPS Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or 
with any VPS Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the VPS Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other 
agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a VPS Agent authorised to act as 
an account operating institution with Euronext VPS, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) 
where the VPS Conditions so require, and (iii) such other agents as may be required by any 
other stock exchange on which the VPS Notes may be listed in each case. 
Notice of any such change or of any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to 
the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
(c) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any VPS Note is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 10) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as a Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, 
a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open.  
(d) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these VPS Conditions to principal in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(iii) 
the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the VPS Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the VPS Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
8(f) below); and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under or in 
respect of the VPS Notes. 
Any reference in these VPS Conditions to interest in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable with respect to interest 
under Condition 9.  
8 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below or unless the 
applicable Final Terms provide that the VPS Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed 
date for redemption, each VPS Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date. 
(b) (A) Redemption for Tax Reasons 
This Condition 8(b)(A) shall apply only to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes. References in this Condition 8(b)(A) to the VPS Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
The Issuer may at its option, having given (and subject as provided in paragraph (k) of this 
Condition 8) not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the VPS Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable subject to the Permission 
Withdrawal Early Redemption Restrictions), redeem all the VPS Notes, but not some only, at 
any time (if this VPS Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
VPS Note is a Floating Rate Note), if, immediately before the giving of the notice referred to in 
this Condition 8(b)(A) (i) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations 
of Denmark or any political sub-division of, or any authority in, or of, Denmark having power 
to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of the laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the VPS 
Notes, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the VPS Notes the Issuer would 
be required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in Condition 9) as provided or referred to in 
Condition 9, and (ii) the requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 8(b)(A), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the VPS Agent a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating 
that the requirement referred to in (i) above will apply on the occasion of the next payment due 
in respect of the VPS Notes and cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting out details 
of the circumstances which demonstrate satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out in (i) 
and (ii) above and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such Additional Amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any notice as is referred to in this Condition 8(b)(A), 
the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the VPS Notes to which the notice refers in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 8(b)(A). 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(b)(A) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph (f) below, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(b)(B) Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event 
This Condition 8(b)(B) shall apply only to Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes. References in this Condition 8(b)(B) to the VPS Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, the Issuer may (subject as provided in paragraph (k) of 
this Condition 8) at its option and at any time (if this VPS Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this VPS Note is a Floating Rate Note), having given not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 
(which notice shall be irrevocable subject to the Trigger Event Early Redemption Restrictions 
(only in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) and the Permission Withdrawal Early 
Redemption Restrictions), redeem all of the VPS Notes, but not some only; provided however 
that where an event falling under limb (i) of the definition of Tax Event occurs, no such notice 
of redemption may be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
would be obliged to pay the relevant Additional Amounts as referred to in limb (i) of the 
definition of Tax Event. 
In the case of a redemption of the VPS Notes as a result of a Tax Event, the Issuer shall deliver 
a certificate to the VPS Agent signed by two of its directors (and copies thereof will be available 
at the VPS Agent’s specified office during its normal business hours) not less than five Business 
Days prior to the date set for redemption stating that a Tax Event has occurred or will occur no 
more than 90 days following the date fixed for redemption, as the case may be. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(b)(B) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph (f) below, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption (in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, to the extent 
that the same is not cancelled in accordance with the terms of the VPS Notes). 
In these VPS Conditions: 
“Tax Event” means as a result of any change in the laws, regulations or rulings of Denmark or 
of any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power 
to tax or in the interpretation or administration of any such laws, regulations or rulings which 
become effective after the date of issue of the last Tranche of the VPS Notes, the Issuer receives 
an opinion of external counsel in Denmark experienced in such matters that (i) it would be 
required to pay Additional Amounts; or (ii) to the extent a payment of interest under the VPS 
Notes was tax deductible for the purposes of Danish tax prior to the relevant change, it will no 
longer be able to obtain a full tax deduction for the purposes of Danish tax for any payment of 
interest under such VPS Notes, in each case provided that the Issuer satisfies the Relevant 
Regulator that such change in tax treatment of the relevant VPS Notes is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance.  
(c) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event 
This Condition 8(c) shall apply only to Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. 
References in this Condition 8(c) to the VPS Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
Upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, the Issuer may (subject as provided in paragraph (k) of 
this Condition 8) at its option and at any time (if this VPS Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this VPS Note is a Floating Rate Note), having given not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 
(which notice shall be irrevocable subject to the Trigger Event Early Redemption Restrictions 
(only in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) and the Permission Withdrawal Early 
Redemption Restrictions), redeem all of the VPS Notes, but not some only. 
In the case of a redemption of the VPS Notes as a result of a Capital Event, the Issuer shall 
deliver a certificate to the VPS Agent signed by two of its directors (and copies thereof will be 
available at the VPS Agent’s specified office during its normal business hours) not less than 
five Business Days prior to the date set for redemption stating that a Capital Event has occurred 
or will occur no more than 90 days following the date fixed for redemption, as the case may be. 
VPS Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(c) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (f) below, together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption (in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, 
to the extent that the same is not cancelled in accordance with the terms of the VPS Notes). 
In these VPS Conditions:

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
“Capital Event” means, at any time, on or after the date of issue of the last Tranche of the VPS 
Notes, there is a change in the regulatory classification of such VPS Notes that results or will 
result in: 
(i) 
their exclusion, in whole or in part, from the regulatory capital of the Issuer and/or 
Group; or 
(ii) 
reclassification, in whole or in part, as a lower quality form of regulatory capital of the 
Issuer and/or Group, 
in each case provided that (a) the Relevant Regulator considers such a change to be sufficiently 
certain and (b) the Issuer satisfies the Relevant Regulator that the regulatory reclassification of 
such VPS Notes was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance. For the avoidance 
of doubt, a Capital Event shall not be deemed to have occurred in case of a partial exclusion of 
the Notes as a result of (A) a principal write down (in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes only), (B) a change in the regulatory assessment of the tax effects of a principal write 
down (in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes only) or (C) any applicable limit on the 
amount of (x) Additional Tier 1 Capital (in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes only), 
(y) Tier 2 Capital (in the case of Subordinated Notes only) or (z) “eligible liabilities” (or any 
equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) (in the 
case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only) being exceeded. 
(d) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 8(d) shall apply to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only. 
References in this Condition 8(d) to the VPS Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
If MREL Disqualification Event Redemption Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may 
(subject as provided in paragraph (k) of this Condition 8) at its option and at any time (if this 
VPS Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this VPS Note is a 
Floating Rate Note), having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable subject to the 
Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restrictions), redeem all of the VPS Notes, but not 
some only. 
In the case of a redemption of the VPS Notes as a result of a MREL Disqualification Event, the 
Issuer shall deliver a certificate to the VPS Agent signed by two of its directors (and copies 
thereof will be available at the VPS Agent’s specified office during its normal business hours) 
not less than five Business Days prior to the date set for redemption stating that a MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred or will occur no more than 90 days following the date fixed 
for redemption, as the case may be. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(d) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph (f) below, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
In these VPS Conditions: 
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies then in effect in Denmark giving effect to any MREL Requirement or 
any successor regulations then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD/CRR, the BRRD and those regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
regulations then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the 
force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or 
the Group). 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means, in respect of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or a 
Series of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the determination by the Issuer that , as a result of: 
(i) 
the implementation of any Applicable MREL Regulations on or after the date of issue 
of the last Tranche of such Series; or 
(ii) 
a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective on or after the date 
of issue of the last Tranche of such Series, 
all or part of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of such Series of VPS Notes will be excluded 
from the “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) available to meet any MREL 
Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if the Issuer 
and/or the Group is/are then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement, 
provided that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion:  
(a) 
is or will be caused by:  
(1) 
the remaining maturity of such VPS Notes being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL 
Regulations; or  
(2) 
any applicable limits on the amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent 
or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) 
being exceeded; and/or 
(b) 
was reasonably foreseeable at the date of issue of the last Tranche of such VPS Notes. 
“MREL Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then 
Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer and/or the Group under Applicable MREL 
Regulations. 
“MREL Requirement” means the total loss-absorbing capacity requirement and/or the 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, in each case which is or, as the case 
may be, will be, applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If the Issuer is specified in the applicable Final Terms as having an option to redeem (the “Call 
Option”), the Issuer shall, having given (and subject as provided in paragraph (k) of this 
Condition 8): 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the VPS Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 12 (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice in writing 
to the VPS Agent,

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
(which notices shall be irrevocable subject to the Trigger Event Early Redemption Restrictions 
(only in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) and the Permission Withdrawal Early 
Redemption Restrictions), redeem all or some only of the VPS Notes then outstanding on any 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (in the case of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, to the extent 
that the same is not cancelled in accordance with the terms of the VPS Notes). Any such optional 
redemption must be of a principal amount equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount or a 
Maximum Redemption Amount.  
In the case of a partial redemption of VPS Notes, the VPS Notes to be redeemed will be selected 
in accordance with the standard procedures of Euronext VPS not more than 30 days prior to the 
date fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraphs (b)(A), (b)(B), (c) and (d) above, the VPS Notes will be redeemed 
at the Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(c) 
each VPS Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount; and 
(d) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the “Amortised Face 
Amount”) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
“RP” 
means the Reference Price; 
“AY” 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such VPS Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such VPS Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such VPS Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
(g) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may, subject as provided in paragraph (k) of this Condition 
8, purchase VPS Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such VPS Notes may be 
held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, cancelled by deletion from the records of 
Euronext VPS.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All VPS Notes which are redeemed will forthwith (and subject as provided in paragraph (k) of 
this Condition 8) be cancelled. All VPS Notes so cancelled and the VPS Notes purchased and 
cancelled pursuant to paragraph (g) above  shall be recorded as having been redeemed in the 
records of Euronext VPS and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(i) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
This Condition 8(i) only applies to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes.  
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above is improperly withheld or 
refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount 
calculated as provided in paragraph (f) above as though the references therein to the date fixed 
for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and are 
repayable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
the fifth day after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been 
received by the VPS Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
(j) 
Substitution and variation  
(A) 
This Condition 8(j)(A) shall apply only to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes. References in this Condition 8(j)(A) to the VPS Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
If MREL Substitution/Variation Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, upon the occurrence and continuation of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer 
may (subject as provided in paragraph (k) of this Condition 8) at its option and at any time (if 
this VPS Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this VPS Note 
is a Floating Rate Note), having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable), substitute all 
of the VPS Notes, but not some only, or vary the terms of all of the VPS Notes, but not some 
only, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the VPS Noteholders, so that they 
become or remain (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes) Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes or 
(in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes) Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or 
variation shall take effect and where the VPS Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the 
new terms and conditions of the Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes or, as the case may be, 
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without 
any cost or charge to the VPS Noteholders. 
In these VPS Conditions: 
“Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes” means, in respect of a Series of Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, at any time, any securities (other than such VPS Notes) issued or guaranteed by 
the Issuer that:

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for “eligible liabilities” 
(or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL 
Regulations in relation to the relevant MREL Requirement(s) (which, for the avoidance 
of doubt, may result in the relevant securities not including, or restricting for a period 
of time the application of, one or more of the early redemption rights which are included 
in the relevant VPS Notes);  
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant VPS Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A);  
(iii) 
have the same Specified Denomination(s) and Outstanding Principal Amounts as the 
relevant VPS Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 
8(j)(A);  
(iv) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant VPS 
Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A);  
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant VPS Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A);  
(vi) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 8(j)(A) be subject to a MREL Disqualification Event and/or a Tax Event 
(Gross-up);  
(vii) 
are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to 
the relevant VPS Notes immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A); 
(viii) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the VPS Noteholders than the terms of the 
relevant VPS Notes, as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, and 
provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of 
its directors to the VPS Agent not less than five Business Days prior to (a) in the case 
of a substitution of the relevant VPS Notes pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A), the issue date 
of the relevant securities or (b) in the case of a variation of the relevant VPS Notes 
pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A), the date such variation becomes effective; and 
(ix) 
if (A) the relevant VPS Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (a “Regulated Market”) 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market or (B) the relevant VPS Notes were listed or admitted 
to trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated Market immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any 
recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated Market), in 
either case as selected by the Issuer. 
“Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes” means, in respect of a Series of Preferred Senior Notes, 
at any time, any securities (other than such VPS Notes) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for “eligible liabilities” 
(or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL 
Regulations in relation to the relevant MREL Requirement(s) (which, for the avoidance 
of doubt, may result in the relevant securities not including, or restricting for a period 
of time the application of, one or more of the early redemption rights which are included 
in the relevant VPS Notes);

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant VPS Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A);  
(iii) 
have the same Specified Denomination(s) and Outstanding Principal Amounts as the 
relevant VPS Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 
8(j)(A);  
(iv) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant VPS 
Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A);  
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant VPS Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A);  
(vi) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 8(j)(A) be subject to a MREL Disqualification Event and/or a Tax Event 
(Gross-up);  
(vii) 
are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to 
the relevant VPS Notes immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A); 
(viii) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the VPS Noteholders than the terms of the 
relevant VPS Notes, as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, and 
provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of 
its directors to the VPS Agent not less than five Business Days prior to (a) in the case 
of a substitution of the relevant VPS Notes pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A), the issue date 
of the relevant securities or (b) in the case of a variation of the relevant VPS Notes 
pursuant to Condition 8(j)(A), the date such variation becomes effective; and 
(ix) 
if (A) the relevant VPS Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market or (B) the relevant VPS Notes were listed or admitted 
to trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated Market immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any 
recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated Market), in 
either case as selected by the Issuer. 
(B) 
This Condition 8(j)(B) shall apply only to Subordinated Notes. References in this Condition 
8(j)(B) to the VPS Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
If Tier 2 Substitution/Variation Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, upon the occurrence and continuation of a Capital Event, the Issuer may (subject as 
provided in paragraph (k) of this Condition 8) at its option and at any time (if this VPS Note is 
not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this VPS Note is a Floating Rate 
Note), having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the VPS Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable), substitute all of the VPS 
Notes, but not some only, or vary the terms of all of the VPS Notes, but not some only, without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the VPS Noteholders, so that they become or 
remain Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or 
variation shall take effect and where the VPS Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the 
new terms and conditions of the Qualifying Subordinated Notes. Such substitution or variation 
will be effected without any cost or charge to the VPS Noteholders.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
In these VPS Conditions: 
“Qualifying Subordinated Notes” means, in respect of a Series of Subordinated Notes, at any 
time, any securities (other than such VPS Notes) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements of the Relevant 
Regulator in relation to Tier 2 Capital; 
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant VPS Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(B);  
(iii) 
have the same Specified Denomination(s) and Outstanding Principal Amounts as the 
relevant VPS Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 
8(j);  
(iv) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant VPS 
Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(B);  
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant VPS Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(B);  
(vi) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 8(j)(B) be subject to a Capital Event and/or a Tax Event (Gross-up);  
(vii) 
are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to 
the relevant VPS Notes immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 8(j)(B); 
(viii) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the VPS Noteholders than the terms of the 
relevant VPS Notes, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that the 
Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to 
the VPS Agent not less than five Business Days prior to (a) in the case of a substitution 
of the relevant VPS Notes pursuant to Condition 8(j)(B), the issue date of the relevant 
securities or (b) in the case of a variation of the relevant VPS Notes pursuant to 
Condition 8(j)(B), the date such variation becomes effective; and 
(ix) 
if (A) the relevant VPS Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market or (B) the relevant VPS Notes were listed or admitted 
to trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated Market immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any 
recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated Market), in 
either case as selected by the Issuer. 
(C) 
This Condition 8(j)(C) shall apply only to Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. References in this 
Condition 8(j)(C) to the VPS Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
Upon the occurrence and continuation of a Tax Event or a Capital Event, the Issuer may (subject 
as provided in paragraph (l) of this Condition 8) at its option and at any time (if this VPS Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this VPS Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the VPS Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable), substitute all of the VPS 
Notes, but not some only, or vary the terms of all of the VPS Notes, but not some only, without

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the VPS Noteholders, so that they become or 
remain Qualifying Capital Notes. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or 
variation shall take effect and where the VPS Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the 
new terms and conditions of the Qualifying Capital Notes. Such substitution or variation will 
be effected without any cost or charge to the VPS Noteholders. 
In these VPS Conditions: 
“Qualifying Capital Notes” means, in respect of a Series of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, 
at any time, any securities (other than such VPS Notes) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements of the Relevant 
Regulator in relation to Additional Tier 1 Capital; and 
(ii)  
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant VPS Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(C); and 
(iii) 
have the same Specified Denomination(s) and Outstanding Principal Amounts as the 
relevant VPS Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 
8(j); and 
(iv) 
have the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant VPS Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(C) 
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant VPS Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8(j)(C); and 
(vi) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 8(j)(C) be subject to a Capital Event and/or a Tax Event; and 
(vii) 
are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to 
the relevant VPS Notes immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 8(j)(C); and 
(viii) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the VPS Noteholders than the terms of the 
relevant VPS Notes, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that the 
Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to 
the VPS Agent not less than five Business Days prior to (a) in the case of a substitution 
of the relevant VPS Notes pursuant to Condition 8(j)(C), the issue date of the relevant 
securities or (b) in the case of a variation of the relevant VPS Notes pursuant to 
Condition 8(j)(C), the date such variation becomes effective; and 
(ix)  
if (A) the relevant VPS Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market or (B) the relevant VPS Notes were listed or admitted 
to trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated Market immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any 
recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated Market), in 
either case as selected by the Issuer;

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
(k) 
Consent, etc. of the Relevant Regulator 
The VPS Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, cancelled, substituted, varied or modified 
(as applicable) pursuant to Conditions 8(b), 8(c), 8(d), 8(e), 8(g), 8(h), 8(j), 13(a) or 13(f)(ii), as 
the case may be, if: 
(i) 
in the case of any such substitution, variation or modification, the Issuer has notified 
the Relevant Regulator of, and the Relevant Regulator has not objected to, such 
substitution, variation or modification (as applicable) in accordance with the 
CRD/CRR requirements; 
(ii) 
in the case of any such redemption, purchase or cancellation of Subordinated Notes or 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, and 
the Relevant Regulator has given permission to, such redemption, purchase or 
cancellation (as applicable) in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements (which, in 
the case of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, as at 10 May 2022, 
are set out in Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR and Article 29 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 2014, supplementing the CRR with regard 
to regulatory technical standards for own funds requirements for institutions, as 
amended or replaced from time to time) and, if so given by the Relevant Regulator, 
such permission has not been withdrawn by the Relevant Regulator prior to the date 
fixed for redemption, purchase or cancellation (as applicable); 
(iii) 
in the case of any such redemption of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, the Trigger 
Event Early Redemption Restrictions do not apply to such redemption or to the 
redemption notice relating to such redemption (as applicable); and 
(iv) 
in the case of any such redemption, purchase or cancellation of Preferred Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, and, 
the Relevant Regulator has given permission to, such redemption, purchase or 
cancellation (as applicable) in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements (which, in 
the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as at 10 May 2022, 
are set out in Articles 77 and 78a of the CRR and any regulatory technical standards 
and/or delegated regulations adopted by the Commission in relation thereto) and, if so 
given by the Relevant Regulator, such permission has not been withdrawn by the 
Relevant Regulator prior to the date fixed for redemption, purchase or cancellation (as 
applicable).  
If after a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to Condition 8(b), 8(c), 8(d) or 8(e) (as 
applicable), the Relevant Regulator withdraws its permission to the relevant redemption before 
the relevant redemption date, such notice of redemption shall automatically be revoked and the 
relevant redemption shall not be made until a new redemption notice is given and all conditions 
for redemption as described in this Condition 8(k) have been fulfilled. The redemption 
restriction described in this paragraph is referred to as the “Permission Withdrawal Early 
Redemption Restriction”. 
Any refusal by the Relevant Regulator to grant its permission to any such redemption, purchase 
or cancellation (as applicable) pursuant to this Condition 8(k) will not constitute an event of 
default or an Enforcement Event under the relevant VPS Notes.  
In addition, if the Issuer has elected to substitute or vary the relevant VPS Notes pursuant to 
Condition 8(j) but prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may be, a Trigger 
Event occurs, the relevant notice shall be automatically rescinded and shall be of no force and 
effect.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
9 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the VPS Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made without withholding 
or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature (together, “Taxes”) imposed or levied by or on behalf of Denmark, or any 
political sub-division of, or any authority in, or of, Denmark having power to tax, unless the withholding 
or deduction of the Taxes is required by law. In that event, in the case of a payment of interest only, the 
Issuer will pay such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as may be necessary in order that the 
net amounts received by the VPS Noteholders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts which would have been receivable in respect of the VPS Notes in the absence of the 
withholding or deduction; except that no Additional Amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment 
in respect of any VPS Note to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to the Taxes in 
respect of the VPS Note by reason of its having some connection with Denmark other than the mere 
holding of the VPS Note or receipt of principal or interest in respect thereof. 
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment in respect of the VPS Notes 
first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by 
the VPS Agent, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, 
notice to that effect is duly given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
10 
Prescription 
The VPS Notes will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a 
period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and three years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant 
Date therefor. 
11 
Enforcement Events 
(a) 
There are no events of default in respect of the VPS Notes. VPS Noteholders shall not be entitled 
at any time to file for bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. 
(b) 
If an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the bankruptcy or liquidation of the 
Issuer (an “Enforcement Event”), any VPS Noteholder may prove or claim in such proceedings 
in respect of the VPS Notes, such claim being for payment of the Early Redemption Amount of 
the VPS Notes at the time of commencement of such bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer 
together with any interest accrued and unpaid on such VPS Note (in the case of Additional Tier 
1 Capital Notes, to the extent that the same is not cancelled in accordance with the terms of the 
VPS Notes) from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
occurrence of such Enforcement Event and any other amounts payable on the VPS Notes 
(including any damages payable in respect thereof). Such claim shall rank as provided in 
Condition 3. 
(c) 
Subject to Condition 11(a) and without prejudice to Condition 11(b), any VPS Noteholder may, 
at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it 
may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer under the 
VPS Notes, provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any proceedings be 
obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
12 
Notices 
Notices to the VPS Noteholders shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to Euronext VPS for 
communication by it to the VPS Noteholders and, so long as the VPS Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange, the Issuer shall ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
rules of such exchange. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date two days after 
delivery to Euronext VPS. 
13 
Meetings of VPS Noteholders and Modification 
(a) 
Decisions by VPS Noteholders 
(i) 
Powers of VPS Noteholders’ Meeting and Written Procedure: 
(A) 
A meeting of the VPS Noteholders held in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 13 (a “VPS Noteholders’ Meeting”) or a written procedure pursuant to 
Condition 13(c) below (a “Written Procedure”) shall, subject to Condition 8(k), have 
power to: 
(I) 
sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the 
Issuer and the VPS Noteholders or any of them; 
(II) 
sanction any abrogation, modification, compromise or arrangement in respect 
of the rights of the VPS Noteholders against the Issuer or against any of its 
property whether such rights shall arise under the VPS Notes or otherwise; 
(III) 
assent to any modification of the provisions contained in these VPS 
Conditions or the VPS Notes which shall be proposed by the Issuer; 
(IV) 
give any authority or sanction which under the provisions of the VPS Notes 
requires a resolution from the VPS Noteholders; 
(V) 
appoint any persons (whether VPS Noteholders or not) as a committee or 
committees to represent the interests of the VPS Noteholders and to confer 
upon any committee or committees any powers or discretions which the VPS 
Noteholders could themselves exercise pursuant to this Condition 13; 
(VI) 
authorise anyone  to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give 
effect to a resolution taken at a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written 
Procedure; 
(VII) 
appoint and elect a representative on behalf of the VPS Noteholders; 
(VIII) 
sanction any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the VPS Notes 
for, or the conversion of the VPS Notes into, or the cancellation of the VPS 
Notes in consideration of, shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture 
stock and/or other obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or any other 
company formed or to be formed, or for or into or in consideration of cash, or 
partly for or into or in consideration of shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, 
debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or securities as stated above and 
partly for or into or in consideration of cash; and 
(IX) 
approve the substitution of any entity in place of the Issuer (or any previous 
substitute) as the principal debtor in respect of the VPS Notes. 
(B) 
Decisions to be taken by the VPS Noteholders may be dealt with, at the option of the 
Issuer, at a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
(C) 
A VPS Noteholders’ Meeting will be held in accordance with the procedure set out in 
Condition 13(b) below. 
(D) 
A Written Procedure will be held in accordance with the procedure set out in Condition 
13(c) below. 
(ii) 
Voting rights: 
(A) 
Each VPS Noteholder holds one vote for each NOK 1 in nominal amount of VPS Notes 
(or, in the case of VPS Notes denominated in a currency other than Norwegian Kroner, 
one vote for each minimum integral amount of the relevant currency). The Issuer has 
no voting rights in respect of VPS Notes held by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any of 
its subsidiaries. 
(B) 
Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney from a person 
who is, able to document its holdings of VPS Notes by: 
(I) 
presenting a custody account statement from Euronext VPS or an authorised 
institution that is not more than three Business Days old (where the three 
Business Days shall be counted from the date of the submission of the vote or 
power of attorney authorising a person to vote); or 
(II) 
providing other proof of holding which, in the case of a VPS Noteholders’ 
Meeting, is satisfactory to the chairman of the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or, 
in the case of a Written Procedure, is satisfactory to the Issuer, 
may exercise voting rights as a VPS Noteholder at such VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or 
in such Written Procedure, as applicable. 
For the purposes of this Condition 13(a)(ii), a beneficial owner of a VPS Note that has a VPS 
Note registered in the name of a nominee will be deemed to be the owner of the VPS Note rather 
than the nominee. No vote may be exercised at a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or in a Written 
Procedure by any nominee if the beneficial owner of the VPS Note has presented relevant 
evidence to the chairman of the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting (in case of a VPS Noteholders’ 
Meeting) or the Issuer (in case of a Written Procedure), to the satisfaction of the chairman of 
the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or the Issuer, as applicable, stating that it is the beneficial owner 
of the VPS Notes voted for. If such owner of the VPS Notes has voted directly for any of its 
nominee registered VPS Notes, the votes of the owner of the VPS Notes shall take precedence 
over votes submitted by the nominee for the same VPS Notes. 
(iii) 
Percentage of VPS Noteholders required to consent:  
For the purpose of this Condition 13, “Voting VPS Notes” means the aggregate nominal amount 
of the total number of VPS Notes not redeemed or otherwise deregistered in Euronext VPS, less 
the VPS Notes owned by the Issuer, any party who has decisive influence over the Issuer or any 
party over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.                                                                                                    
(A) 
The following matters shall require the consent of VPS Noteholders representing at 
least 75 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Voting VPS Notes of the 
relevant Series for the time being outstanding for which VPS Noteholders are voting 
at a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or for which VPS Noteholders reply in a Written 
Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Condition 13(c)(i) 
below:

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
(I) 
modification of the Maturity Date of the VPS Notes or reduction or 
cancellation of the nominal amount payable upon maturity; or 
(II) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or modification of the 
payment date in respect of any interest in respect of the VPS Notes or 
variation of the method of calculating the rate of interest in respect of the VPS 
Notes; or 
(III) 
reduction of any Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(IV) 
modification of the currency in which payments under the VPS Notes are to 
be made; or 
(V) 
a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for VPS Noteholders’ 
consent set out in this Condition 13; or 
(VI) 
the sanctioning of any scheme or proposal described in Condition 
13(a)(i)(A)(VIII); or 
(VII) 
alteration of this Condition 13(a)(iii)(A) or Condition 13(a)(iv)(A). 
(B) 
Any matter not covered by Condition 13(a)(iii)(A) above shall require the consent of 
VPS Noteholders representing more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount 
of the Voting VPS Notes of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding for which 
VPS Noteholders are voting at a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or for which VPS 
Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure. 
(iv) 
Quorum: 
(A) 
A quorum at a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only 
exists if one or more VPS Noteholders representing at least two-thirds in aggregate 
nominal amount of the Voting VPS Notes of the relevant Series for the time being 
outstanding in case of a matter pursuant to Condition 13(a)(iii)(A), and otherwise 50 
per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Voting VPS Notes of the relevant 
Series for the time being outstanding: 
(I) 
if at a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by 
telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or 
(II) 
if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request. 
(B) 
VPS Notes held by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries shall not be taken into account 
when determining whether the required quorum has been met according to this 
Condition 13(a)(iv) or Condition 13(d)(ii). 
(C) 
No resolution may be passed if it is clear that that resolution is likely to give certain 
VPS Noteholders or others an undue advantage over other VPS Noteholders. 
(v) 
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer, the VPS Agent or the 
Calculation Agent or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer, the VPS 
Agent or the Calculation Agent under the VPS Conditions shall be subject to the consent of the 
Issuer, the VPS Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
(vi) 
Decisions binding on all VPS Noteholders and information to VPS Noteholders: 
(A) 
A matter decided at a duly convened and held VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or by way 
of Written Procedure is binding on all VPS Noteholders, irrespective of them being 
present or represented at the Noteholders’ Meeting or responding in the Written 
Procedure. The VPS Noteholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall 
not be liable for any damages that this may cause other VPS Noteholders. 
(B) 
Information about decisions taken at a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of a 
Written Procedure shall promptly be notified to the VPS Noteholders, provided that a 
failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The 
minutes from the relevant VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the 
request of a VPS Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer. 
(vii) 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every VPS Noteholders’ Meeting 
or Written Procedure and, if purporting to be signed by the chairman of that meeting or of the 
next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the matters in them. Until the contrary 
is proved, every meeting for which minutes have been so made and signed shall be deemed to 
have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted at it to 
have been duly passed and transacted. 
(b) 
VPS Noteholders’ Meeting 
(i) 
Attendance at a VPS Noteholder’s Meeting: 
(A) 
At the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting, each VPS Noteholder must document its holdings 
of VPS Notes by presenting a custody account statement from Euronext VPS or an 
authorised account institution evidencing that such VPS Noteholder was registered as 
a VPS Noteholder on the Business Day specified in the notice to convene a VPS 
Noteholders’ Meeting pursuant to 16(b)(iii) below or by providing other proof 
satisfactory to the chairman of the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting. The following may 
attend and speak at a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(I) 
VPS Noteholders and proxies; 
(II) 
any beneficial owners of the VPS Notes having presented relevant evidence 
satisfactory to the chairman of the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting; 
(III) 
any representative of the VPS Noteholders; 
(IV) 
the chairman; and 
(V) 
the Issuer, the VPS Agent and the Calculation Agent (through their respective 
representatives) and their respective financial and legal advisers. 
No one else may attend or speak. 
(ii) 
The chairman of the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting shall be such person as the Issuer may nominate 
or, if no nomination is made, the person elected by the VPS Noteholders present at such meeting. 
(iii) 
Convening a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(A) 
The Issuer may at any time, and shall, if so requested by one or more VPS Noteholders 
representing at least 10 per cent. of the of the aggregate nominal amount of the Voting

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
VPS Notes of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding convene a VPS 
Noteholders' Meeting or initiate a Written Procedure. The Issuer may refrain from 
convening a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the 
suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the VPS Noteholders 
and such person has informed the Issuer that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the 
suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws. 
(B) 
The Issuer shall call the VPS Noteholders by notice to each VPS Noteholders’ Meeting 
no later than 14 days after having received request to convene such VPS Noteholders’ 
Meeting from the VPS Noteholders containing the subject of such meeting. If the 
Issuer does not call the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting within the deadline, the VPS 
Noteholders shall be entitled to call the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting. The notice to 
convene a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting shall be sent to each such person who is 
registered as a VPS Noteholder on the date on which the notice is sent. 
(iv) 
The notice given pursuant to Condition 13(b)(iii) above shall include the following: 
(A) 
time for the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting, which must be at least 21 days, but not more 
than 30 days after the notice to the VPS Noteholders; 
(B) 
place for the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting; 
(C) 
a specification of the Business Day(s) on which a person must be registered as a VPS 
Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights; 
(D) 
agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the VPS Noteholders); 
and 
(E) 
a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may 
be resolved upon at the VPS Noteholders’ Meeting. 
Should prior notification by the VPS Noteholders be required in order to attend the VPS 
Noteholders’ Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice. 
(c) 
Written Procedure 
(i) 
Instigating a Written Procedure: 
(A) 
The Issuer may instigate a Written Procedure at any time by sending a communication 
to each such person who is registered as a VPS Noteholder on the date on which the 
communication is sent. 
(B) 
A communication made pursuant to Condition 13(c)(i)(A) above shall include the 
following: 
(I) 
each request for a decision by the VPS Noteholders; 
(II) 
a description of the reasons for each request; 
(III) 
a specification of the Business Day(s) on which a person must be registered 
as a VPS Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights;

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
(IV) 
instructions and directions on replying to the request (including a form for 
such reply containing an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as 
a form of power of attorney; and 
(V) 
the stipulated time period within which the VPS Noteholder must reply to the 
request (such time period to last at least 8 Business Days from the 
communication pursuant to Condition 13(c)(i)(A)). 
If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the 
communication. 
(ii) 
When the requisite majority consents of the principal amount of the VPS Notes outstanding 
pursuant to Condition 13(b)(iii) above have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant 
decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Condition 13(b)(iii) even if the time period 
for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired. 
(d) 
Repeated VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure 
(i) 
Convening a repeated VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure: 
(A) 
Even if the necessary quorum set out in Condition 13(a)(iv) above is not achieved, the 
VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, shall be held and 
voting completed for the purpose of recording the voting results in the minutes of the 
VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable. The Issuer or the 
person who convened the initial VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as 
applicable, may, within 10 Business Days of that VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or 
Written Procedure, as applicable, convene a repeated VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or 
Written Procedure, with the same agenda as the first VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or 
Written Procedure, as applicable. 
(B) 
The provisions and procedures regarding a VPS Noteholders’ Meetings and a Written 
Procedure, as set out in this Condition 13 shall apply mutatis mutandis to a repeated 
VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, with the exception of the quorum 
requirements set out in Condition 13(a)(iv). A notice to convene for a repeated VPS 
Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, shall also contain the voting 
results obtained in the initial VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as 
applicable. 
(C) 
A repeated VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, may only 
be convened once for each initial VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as 
applicable. A repeated VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, 
may be convened pursuant to the procedures of a Written Procedure in accordance with 
Condition 13(c) above, even if the initial meeting was held pursuant to the procedures 
of a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting in accordance with Condition 13(b) above and vice 
versa. 
(ii) 
The quorum at any such repeated VPS Noteholder’s Meeting or Written Procedure, as 
applicable, is one or more persons being or representing VPS Noteholders whatever the 
principal amount of the VPS Notes so held or represented, unless the business of such meeting 
includes consideration of a matter pursuant to Condition 13(a)(iii)(A) above, in which case the 
quorum shall be one or more persons holding Notes or representing Noteholders holding Notes 
in principal amount of not less than one-third in aggregate nominal amount of the Voting VPS 
Notes of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding for which VPS Noteholders are

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
voting at a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting or for which VPS Noteholders reply in a Written 
Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Condition 13(c) above. 
(e) 
Representative 
Save to the extent referred to in Condition 13(a)(i)(A)(VII) above, no trustee, agent or 
representative of the VPS Noteholders will be appointed. 
(f) 
Modification of VPS Notes 
Subject to Condition 8(k), the Issuer may make, without the consent of the VPS Noteholders: 
(i) 
any modification to the VPS Notes and/or these VPS Conditions to correct a manifest 
error; or 
(ii) 
any modification to the VPS Notes and/or these VPS Conditions which, in the sole 
opinion of the Issuer, is not prejudicial to the interests of the VPS Noteholders.  
Subject as provided in these VPS Conditions, no other modification may be made to the VPS 
Notes or these VPS Conditions except with the sanction of a VPS Noteholders’ Meeting in 
accordance with the procedure set out in Condition 13(b) above or a Written Procedure in 
accordance with the procedure set out in Condition 13(c) above.  
Any such modification shall be binding on the VPS Noteholders and any such modification 
shall be notified to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
14 
Further Issues 
The Issuer is at liberty from time to time, without the consent of the VPS Noteholders, to create and issue 
further notes ranking pari passu in all respects (or in all respects save for the first payment of interest 
thereon) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding VPS 
Notes. 
15 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The VPS Notes are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, Danish law, save 
for Conditions 2, 13 and 14 which shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, the laws of the Kingdom of Norway. 
The VPS Agency Agreement (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the VPS Agency Agreement) are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the Kingdom of Norway. 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act of 15 March 
2019 no. 6 (the “CSD Act”) which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 into Norwegian 
law, any regulations passed under the CSD Act and the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS, 
in each case as amended or replaced from time to time. The holders of VPS Notes will be entitled 
to the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under the CSD Act and 
any related regulations and legislation.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
The registration of VPS Notes in the VPS as well as the recording and transfer of ownership to, 
and other interests in, VPS Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Norwegian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of Denmark are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or 
in connection with the VPS Notes and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with the VPS Notes (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The 
Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objection to 
Proceedings in such courts whether on the ground of venue or on the ground that the 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the 
benefit of each of the VPS Noteholders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take 
Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in 
one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether 
concurrently or not). 
(c) 
Recognition of write-down or conversion powers 
For the avoidance of doubts, by its acquisition of the VPS Notes, each VPS Noteholder 
acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the VPS Notes may be subject to 
(without limitation) the exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, in accordance with Article 48 of the BRRD and, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes only, Article 59 of the BRRD). Upon 
the Issuer being informed and notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual 
exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers with respect to the Notes, the Issuer 
shall notify the Noteholders without delay in accordance with Condition 15. Any delay or failure 
by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Danish Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, be applied/allocated by the Issuer as follows: 
(a) 
where “General Banking Purposes” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for its general 
banking purposes, including, without limitation, asset/liability management and as part of its 
strategic liquidity; 
(b) 
where “Green Bonds” is specified in the applicable Final Terms to finance or re-finance, in 
whole or in part, Green Loans located predominantly in the Nordic region and originated by the 
Issuer that promote the transition to low-carbon, climate resilient and sustainable economies, in 
each case as determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Green Loan categories set out in 
the 
Issuer’s 
Green 
Bond 
Framework 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://investor.jyskebank.com/investorrelations/sustainability/gff) and in effect at the time of 
issuance of the Green Bonds; or 
(c) 
where “Issuer’s Capital Base” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds of the 
issue of each Tranche of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes only will form 
part of the Issuer’s capital base. 
For the purposes of this Prospectus, “Green Loans” are loans and investments within the Green Loan categories 
set out in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (available on the Issuer’s website at the address above). Such Green 
Loan categories are outlined in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (available on the Issuer’s website at the 
address above) and currently include those which relate to: clean transportation; renewable energy; transmission 
and energy storage; environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use; green and 
energy efficient buildings; pollution prevention and control; sustainable water and wastewater management; and 
climate change adaption. 
Sustainalytics (an independent provider of research-based evaluations of green financing frameworks to determine 
their environmental robustness) has evaluated the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and issued a second-party 
opinion on the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework verifying its credibility, impact and alignment with the 
International Capital Market Association Green Bond Principles 2018. The second-party opinion is available on 
the Issuer's website at https://investor.jyskebank.com/investorrelations/sustainability/gff. The Issuer strives to 
monitor the development of the sustainability bond and green bond markets to continually advance the sustainable 
terms of its Green Bond Framework. Accordingly, the Green Bond Framework may be updated from time to time 
to reflect current market practices. The amended Green Bond Framework would be subject to the relevant internal 
and external review processes and a new second-party opinion on the Green Bond Framework would be obtained 
in connection with any such amendment. Noteholders would not be entitled to vote on such cases. Any 
amendments to the Green Bond Framework and any new second-party opinion on the Green Bond Framework 
will be published and will be available on the Issuer's website at the address above.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form 
or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), (i) the Global Notes or the Global Certificates will be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper and (ii) the applicable Final Terms 
indicate whether or not such Global Notes or the Global Certificates are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Depositing the Global Notes or the Global Certificates with the Common 
Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. Global Notes which 
are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS may be delivered on or prior 
to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the 
“Common Depositary”). 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a Common Depositary or registration 
of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the 
relative Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each 
subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and 
paid. If the Global Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to 
time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system shall 
be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by 
such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that 
time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may (if indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
also be credited to the accounts of subscribers with (if indicated in the applicable Final Terms) other clearing 
systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by other clearing 
systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited 
to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
Notes intended to be delivered outside a clearing system shall be delivered as agreed between the relevant Issuer, 
the Issuing Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system 
(each, an “Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global 
Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as the 
case may be) for its share of each payment made by the relevant Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or to the 
holder of the underlying Registered Notes and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note or Global 
Certificate subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Save as aforesaid, such persons shall have 
no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented 
by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the 
bearer or holder, as the case may be, of such Global Note or Global Certificate in respect of each amount so paid.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
Exchange 
Exchange of Global Notes for Definitive Notes and Certificates 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each Temporary Global Note in respect of a Series or Tranche of Bearer Notes will be exchangeable, free of 
charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below) in whole or in part upon certification as to 
non-US beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global 
Note or, if so provided in the applicable Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which are represented by a Temporary Global Note which is expressed to be 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the option of Noteholders, such Notes shall be tradeable only in principal 
amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified 
Denomination) and multiples thereof. 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each Permanent Global Note in respect of a Tranche of Bearer Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the 
holder, on or after its Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under “Partial Exchange of Permanent 
Global Notes and Global Certificates” below, in part for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or  
(b) 
if principal in respect of any Bearer Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to 
the Issuing Agent of its election for such exchange. 
Definitive Notes 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Notes shall be issued in Specified 
Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
Global Certificates 
Each Global Certificate will be exchangeable on or after its Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided 
under “Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates” below, in part for Definitive 
Certificates: 
(a) 
if the Global Certificate is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative 
Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or does in fact do so; 
(b) 
upon or following any failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when it is due and payable; or 
(c) 
with the consent of the Issuer,

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
provided that, in the case of the first exchange of part of a holding pursuant to (a) or (b) above, the holder of the 
Notes represented by this Global Certificate has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified 
office of such holder’s intention to effect such exchange. 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates 
For so long as a Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules 
of that clearing system permit, such Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate will be exchangeable in part on 
one or more occasions for Definitive Notes or Definitive Certificates, as appropriate, (i) upon or following any 
failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when it is due and payable or (ii) if so provided in, and in 
accordance with, the Conditions (which will be set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Delivery of Definitive Notes and Definitive Certificates 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange (a) the holder of a Temporary Global Note or 
Permanent Global Note may surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for 
endorsement to or to the order of the Issuing Agent and (b) the holder of a Global Certificate may surrender such 
Global Certificate or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the Registrar. 
In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a Permanent Global 
Note in an aggregate principal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a Temporary Global Note that is 
being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a Permanent 
Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes or in the case of a Global Certificate, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate principal amount 
of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes and/or Definitive Certificates, as the case may be or if the 
Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of 
the relevant clearing system.  
Definitive Notes will be security printed and Definitive Certificates will be printed in accordance with any 
applicable legal regulatory authority or stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the 
Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each Global Note and Global Certificate, the Issuer 
will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant 
Definitive Notes and/or Definitive Certificates. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means (a) in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 days 
after completion of the distribution of the Notes, as certified to the Issuing Agent by the relevant Dealer and (b) 
in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, or, in the case of an exchange for 
Registered Notes, five days and (c) in relation to a Global Certificate, a day falling not less than 60 days, or, in 
the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due, 30 days, after that on which the notice 
requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of 
the Issuing Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing 
system is located. 
Legends 
Each Permanent Global Note and any Definitive Note, Talon and Coupon will bear the following legend: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.” 
The sections of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986 referred to in the legend provide that a United States 
taxpayer, with certain exceptions, will not be permitted to deduct any loss, and will not be eligible for capital gains

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
treatment with respect to any gain realised on any sale, exchange or redemption of Bearer Notes or any related 
Coupons. 
Amendments to the Conditions 
Each Global Note and Global Certificate contains provisions that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of 
which modify the effect of the Conditions set out in this Prospectus. The following is a summary of those 
provisions: 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Temporary Global Note unless exchange 
for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. Payments 
on any Temporary Global Note before the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification 
as to non-US beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement.  
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation or exercise 
of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances set out above shall 
be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry being made, in respect of 
payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted 
accordingly. 
Direct Rights 
If principal in respect of any Note is not paid when due, the holder of a Global Note or Registered Notes 
represented by a Global Certificate may elect for direct enforcement rights against the Issuer under the terms of 
the Declaration of Direct Rights delivered by the Issuer to come into effect in relation to the whole or a part of 
such Global Note or one or more Registered Notes in favour of the persons entitled to such part of such Global 
Note or such Registered Notes, as the case may be, as accountholders with a clearing system. Following any such 
acquisition of direct rights, the Global Note or, as the case may be, the Global Certificate and the corresponding 
entry in the Register kept by the Registrar will become void as to the specified portion or Registered Notes, as the 
case may be. However, no such election may be made in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate 
unless the transfer of the whole or a part of the holding of Notes represented by that Global Certificate shall have 
been improperly withheld or refused.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE VP NOTES 
Initial issue of VP Notes 
Each Tranche of VP Notes settled through VP will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. 
Legal title to the VP Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the VP. VP Notes will not be 
evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than statements of account made by VP. On the issue 
of such VP Notes, the Issuer will send a copy of the applicable Final Terms to the Issuing Agent, with a copy sent 
to the VP. On delivery of the applicable Final Terms to the VP and notification to the VP of the relevant subscribers 
and their respective VP account details by the relevant Dealer(s), each subscribing account holder with the VP 
will be credited with a nominal amount of VP Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
Sales and transfers of VP Notes 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VP Notes in VP will take place on the VP settlement 
platform or on the T2S platform if the required conditions for T2S settlement as set out in VP’s settlement rules 
are fulfilled. The T2S platform provides harmonised and commoditised delivery-verses-payment settlement. 
Transfers of interests in the relevant VP Notes will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the 
time being of the VP.  
Accountholders in VP 
Each person shown in the book entry records of the VP as the holder of one or more VP Notes must look solely 
to its custody bank for payments made by the Issuer in respect of such VP Note(s). The relevant payment 
obligation of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the relevant custody bank in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of the VP. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain information, including accountholder information, from the registers 
maintained by the VP for the purpose of performing its obligations under the issue of VP Notes.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE VPS NOTES 
VPS NOTES 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes settled through Euronext VPS will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised 
book entry form. Legal title to the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of Euronext VPS. 
On the issue of VPS Notes, the Issuer will send a letter to the VPS Agent (the “VPS Letter”), which letter will 
set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of a Final Terms supplement attached thereto. On 
delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter including the applicable Final Terms to Euronext VPS and notification to 
Euronext VPS of the subscribers and their Euronext VPS account details by the relevant Dealer(s), the VPS Agent 
will credit each subscribing account holder with Euronext VPS with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the 
nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS will take place two Oslo 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Notes will only 
take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euronext VPS. 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for bearer Notes and vice versa. 
The VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 (the 
“CSD Act”) which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 (“CSDR”) into Norwegian law, any regulations 
passed under the CSD Act and the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS, in each case as amended or replaced 
from time to time. The holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and subject to the obligations and 
liabilities which arise under the CSD Act and any related regulations and legislation. 
The registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS as well as the recording and transfer of ownership to, and other 
interests in, VPS Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of the clearing systems currently in effect. The information in this section concerning Euronext VPS 
has been obtained from Euronext VPS but neither of the Issuer nor any Dealer takes any responsibility for the 
accuracy thereof. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as 
it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by Euronext VPS, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Investors wishing to use the facilities 
of Euronext VPS are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of 
Euronext VPS. None of the Issuer, the Dealers and the VPS Agent will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the VPS Notes 
held through the facilities of Euronext VPS or any other clearing system or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Euronext VPS (Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading as Euronext Securities Oslo)   
Euronext VPS (Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) is a Norwegian public limited 
liability company authorised by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as a central securities depository 
under the CSDR which is incorporated into Norwegian law through the CSD Act. The CSD Act requires, among 
other things, that all NOK denominated notes and bonds issued in Norway shall be registered in Euronext VPS 
(the “VPS Securities”) or another securities depository which is properly authorised or recognised by the 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as being entitled to register such notes and bonds pursuant the CSDR. 
Euronext VPS is a paperless securities depository and, therefore, registration of ownership, transfer and other 
rights to financial instruments are evidenced by book entries in the registry operated by it. Any issuer of VPS 
Securities will be required to have an account (issuer’s account) where all the VPS Securities are registered in the 
name of the holder, and each holder is required to have its own account (investor’s account) showing such person’s 
holding of VPS Securities at any time. Both the Issuer and the holder of VPS Notes will, for the purposes of

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
registration in Euronext VPS, have to appoint an account operator which will normally be a Norwegian bank or 
Norwegian investment firm. 
Noteholders may hold VPS Securities either directly in an investor’s account, or in a nominee account with a 
nominee meeting the requirements in the CSD Act Section 4-3 paragraph 1 or having been approved by the 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway pursuant to the CSD Act Section 4-3 paragraph 3.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
LEGISLATIVE AND REGULATORY REVIEW 
Danish implementation of the CRD Directive and CRR 
In line with other European banks, Danish banks must also comply with the CRD Directive and the CRR. Both 
have come into force in Denmark in 2014, the CRD Directive through implementation of the Danish Financial 
Business Act, whereas the CRR applies directly without implementation in national law. The CRR and CRD 
Directive framework implements, among other things, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision’s (the “Basel 
Committee”) proposals imposing stricter capital and liquidity requirements upon banks (“Basel III”) in the 
European Union covering a wide range of prudential requirements, including capital requirements, stricter and 
aligned definitions of capital, REA, leverage ratio, large exposure framework and liquidity and funding 
requirements. The CRD Directive covers the overall supervisory framework for banks (including the individual 
Pillar II risk assessment) and other measures such as the combined capital buffer requirements, O-SII and G-SII 
definitions, governance and remuneration requirements. The European Banking Authority (“EBA”) has issued 
detailed rules through binding technical standards for many areas including, inter alia, liquidity requirements and 
certain aspects of capital requirements. 
Capital requirements 
Under CRD/CRR, institutions are required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital equal to 8 per cent. 
of REA (of which at least 4.5 per cent. must be Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, and at least 6 per cent. must be 
Tier 1 capital). In addition to these so-called minimum own funds Pillar 1 requirements (the “minimum own 
funds requirements”), the CRD Directive contemplates that competent authorities may require additional “Pillar 
2” capital to be maintained by an institution (the “additional own funds requirements” or the “individual 
solvency requirement”) for example where an institution is exposed to risks which are not fully captured by the 
minimum own funds requirements. In Denmark, the Danish FSA pile the individual solvency requirement up on 
top of the minimum own funds requirements of 8 per cent. as a cushion below the MREL Requirement and the 
combined buffer requirement. The EBA published guidelines on 19 December 2014 addressed to national 
supervisors on common procedures and methodologies for the supervisory review and evaluation process 
(“SREP”) which contained guidelines proposing a common approach to determining the amount and composition 
of additional own funds requirements. On 19 July 2018, the EBA published a revised set of SREP guidelines (also 
including guidelines on supervisory stress testing). Subject to certain transitional arrangements, the revised SREP 
guidelines have applied since 1 January 2019. On 18 March 2022, the EBA published its final report on revised 
SREP guidelines. The revised SREP guidelines will apply from 1 January 2023, when the existing SREP 
guidelines are repealed. 
Danish credit institution is required to disclose its additional own funds requirement either twice a year or each 
quarter. Furthermore, any additional own funds requirement laid down by the Danish FSA is required to be 
published on the website of the relevant credit institution. There can also be no assurance as to the manner in 
which additional own funds requirements may be disclosed publicly in the future and under Danish law certain 
disclosure rules already apply. 
The CRD Directive (including but not limited to, Article 128) also introduces capital buffer requirements that are 
in addition to the minimum “own funds” requirements and are required to be met with Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital. It introduces five new capital buffers (together, the “combined buffer requirement”): (i) the capital 
conservation buffer, (ii) the institution-specific counter-cyclical buffer, (iii) the global systemically important 
institutions buffer, (iv) the other systemically important institutions buffer and (v) the systemic risk buffer. At the 
date of this Prospectus no Danish credit institutions have been appointed as a global systemically important 
institution. The counter-cyclical buffer requirement will apply in periods of excess credit growth in the economy 
and can vary for each jurisdiction. If a bank does not maintain these buffers, in excess of the 4.5 per cent. CET1 
minimum requirement, certain restrictions can be imposed, including restrictions on its ability to pay dividends 
and make other payments. The Danish Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs determines the 
countercyclical buffer rate in Denmark after recommendations from The Systemic Risk Council. At the meeting 
in June 2021, The Systemic Risk Council recommended to reactivate the countercyclical capital buffer at a rate

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
of 1.0 per cent. from 30 September 2022. On 23 June 2021, the Minister for Industry, Business and Financial 
Affairs decided to increase the countercyclical capital buffer in line with the recommendation. On 14 December 
2021, The Systemic Risk Council recommended a further increase in the capital buffer rate to 2.0 per cent. from 
31 December 2022 and on 29 March 2022 The Systemic Risk Council recommended a further increase of the 
buffer rate of 0.5 percentage points to 2.5 per cent. On 15 December 2021, the Minister for Industry, Business and 
Financial Affairs decided to increase the countercyclical capital buffer rate to 2.0 per cent. with effect from 31 
December 2022. At the date of this Prospectus, it is not possible to predict the future development of the 
countercyclical capital buffer in Denmark. On 30 March 2022, the Minister for Industry, Business and Financial 
Affairs decided to further increase the countercyclical capital buffer to 2.5 per cent. with effect from 31 March 
2023. 
As for the MREL requirement applicable to the Issuer and the Group, see “Risks Related to Notes Generally” – 
“Resolution tools and powers under the BRRD” – “MREL requirement”. 
The capital requirements apply to the Issuer on a solo basis and the Group on a consolidated basis. 
In addition, the CRR includes a requirement for credit institutions to calculate, report, monitor and publish their 
leverage ratios, defined as their Tier 1 capital as a percentage of their total exposure measure. Until a minimum 
leverage ratio requirement is implemented in the EU (see “CRR Amendment Regulation and CRD Amendment 
Directive” below), the regulators may apply such measures as they consider appropriate. The risk of excessive 
leverage is addressed as part of the SREP/Pillar 2. 
In addition to the higher capital requirements, the CRR has a stricter criteria for determining the quality of capital 
that may count as Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 capital. Additional Tier 1 Capital must therefore be 
converted into CET1 at a trigger point of 5.125 per cent. of CET1, and Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 capital 
must have no incentive to be redeemed before the contractual maturity, which means any capital including step-
up structures is not accepted as Tier 2 under the CRR. Furthermore, CRR also implies stricter requirements for 
the calculation of REA. 
CRR Amendment Regulation and CRD Amendment Directive 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the leverage ratio, the net 
stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting 
and disclosure requirements dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 
7 June 2019 (the “CRR Amendment Regulation”) and Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures dated 20 May 2019 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 (the “CRD Amendment Directive”) 
introduce, among other things, a leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent. Tier 1 Capital a leverage ratio related 
maximum distributable amount for G-SIIs (the “L-MDA”), harmonised binding requirement for stable funding 
(the “Net Stable Funding Ratio” or “NSFR”) on 100 per cent., strengthening of the conditions for use of internal 
models and changes to the relevant regulator’s application of the institution specific “Pillar 2” capital add-ons 
(referred to above as the additional own funds requirements). According to the CRD Amendment Directive, the 
additional own funds requirement must be fulfilled with at least 56.25 per cent. Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
and at least 75 per cent. Tier 1 capital. Furthermore, the CRD Amendment Directive authorises the relevant 
competent authority to require that the institution fulfils its additional own funds requirement with a higher portion 
of Tier 1 Capital or Common Equity Tier 1 Capital where necessary (while having regard to the specific 
circumstances of the relevant institution). The CRR Amendment Regulation entered into force on 27 June 2019. 
The date of application of the new rules varies from the date of their entry into force and 12 months to four years 
after their entry into force. According to the Danish BRRDII/CRDV Act, the rules implementing the CRD 
Amendment Directive into Danish law have, with certain exemptions, entered into force on 28 December 2020.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
Systemically Important Financial Institutions 
In June 2014, the Danish FSA appointed six Danish SIFIs: Danske Bank A/S (“Danske”), Nykredit Realkredit 
A/S (“Nykredit”), Nordea Bank Danmark A/S, the Issuer, Sydbank A/S and DLR Kredit A/S. The SIFIs were 
identified in accordance with Section 308 of the Danish Financial Business Act. As a consequence of Nordea 
Bank Danmark A/S’s merger with Nordea Bank AB (publ) (as the continuing entity), Nordea Kredit 
Realkreditaktieselskab was on 2 January 2017 appointed a SIFI by the Danish FSA. On 3 January 2019 Spar Nord 
Bank A/S was appointed a SIFI. On 21 June 2021, A/S Arbejdernes Landsbank was appointed a SIFI. On 26 June 
2015, on 29 June 2016, on 29 June 2017 on 21 June 2018, on 27 June 2019, on 30 June 2020 and on 25 June 2021, 
the Issuer was re-appointed as a SIFI. Institution-specific SIFI buffers (the other systemically important 
institutions buffer) between 1 and 3 per cent. were set according to quantitative SIFI criteria and were phased in 
gradually from 2015 to 1 January 2019. The SIFI-buffer of the Jyske Bank Group is as at the date of this Prospectus 
set at 1.5 per cent. 
Liquidity requirements 
The NSFR is intended to ensure a sound funding structure by promoting an increase in long-dated funding of 
financial institutions. The NSFR stipulates that at all times financial institutions must have stable funding equal 
to the amount of their illiquid assets for one year ahead. The focus of the NSFR is to minimise the duration 
mismatch in the balance sheets of the relevant bank.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF JYSKE BANK A/S AND THE JYSKE BANK GROUP 
 The Issuer 
 
The Jyske Bank Group is the fourth largest financial service provider on the Danish market. The corporate 
structure of the Jyske Bank Group (with the most significant 100 per cent. owned subsidiaries) is shown below: 
 
 
 
 
Denmark is at the centre of the Group’s business model, and the Jyske Bank Group only has limited business 
activities with customers outside of Denmark. 
Jyske Bank A/S is the parent company of the Jyske Bank Group and, measured by total assets, is the third largest1 
bank in the Danish market for bank lending and the second largest Danish-owned bank. Jyske Bank A/S is listed 
on the regulated market Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S and is subject to disclosure requirements which ensure adequate 
transparency of ownership information. Jyske Bank A/S’s shares are freely transferable, always provided that the 
transfer of shares to an acquirer who holds or by the acquisition obtains 10 per cent. or more of the Bank's share 
capital shall require the consent of the Bank. Each share represents one vote, but no shareholder can cast more 
than 4,000 votes on its own behalf. Jyske Realkredit is the fourth2 largest Danish mortgage institution. As at the 
end of March 2022, the Jyske Bank Group’s total assets amounted to DKK 650 billion and the Jyske Bank Group 
employed 3,237 full-time employees. The Jyske Bank Group also comprises the leasing company Jyske Finans 
A/S, which is one of the largest leasing companies in Denmark in the field of car finance and equipment financing 
for business. In addition, Jyske Bank has a branch in Hamburg which supports Danish corporate customers 
operations in the euro-zone area and ensures the Jyske Bank Group's access to the ECB. 
The Jyske Bank Group has a strong nationwide market presence in Denmark with a market share of around 11 
per cent.2 in terms of total bank lending to customers, total bank deposits from customers and aggregate Danish 
mortgage lending3. In Denmark, the Jyske Bank Group (as at the end of March 2022) operates 80 Danish branches.  
The Bank’s registered and head office is at Vestergade 8-16, DK 8600 Silkeborg. Its telephone number is +45 89 
89 89 89 and the Bank is registered with the Danish Business Authority under CVR number 17616617. 
 
History and development 
 
The Bank was established as a public limited company on 7 July 1967, following the merger of four banks based 
in central Jutland. Through seven further mergers with small and medium sized banks, the Bank achieved 
nationwide retail branch coverage during the 1980s and established some minor foreign subsidiaries. Over the 
next two decades, the Bank focused on organic growth while carrying out several strategic initiatives.  
 
                                                     
1  Source:  
https://www.nationalbanken.dk/en/publications/Documents/2020/12/ANALYSIS_No.%2028_Financial%20Stability_2nd%20half%20202
0.pdf  (see page 32). Jyske Bank is the 2nd largest Danish bank regulated by the Danish FSA, and the third largest bank on the Danish 
market (after Danske and Nordea). Jyske Realkredit is the fourth largest mortgage institution as Totalkredit and Nykredit must be seen as 
one entity (the Nykredit Group). 
2  Own estimate calculated on the basis of Central Bank (Nationalbanken) statistics. 
3  Exclusive of mortgage lending to the agricultural sector.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
Overall, the strategic initiatives during the financial crisis and the 2010’s focused on the strengthening of the 
income base and cost reductions, together with strengthening of the capital base via capital increases in 2009 and 
2012 and divesture of non-core activities in order to strengthen the focus on the Danish core business. 
 
In the aftermath of the financial crisis, Jyske Bank strengthened its market position in Denmark by acquiring 
smaller bank lending portfolios, such as the leasing activities of Finans Nord A/S and Easyfleet A/S and the 
purchase of the profitable parts of Fjordbank Mors from the Financial Stability Cooperation in 2011. In 2013, 
Jyske Bank acquired all of the small regional bank Sparekassen Lolland A/S’s banking activities. In 2014, the 
Jyske Bank Group took the largest step in its corporate history to strengthen its market position by merging with 
BRFkredit4. BRF Holding A/S hereby became the largest shareholder in Jyske Bank A/S with an initial ownership 
stake of 25 per cent5. The merger doubled the size of the balance sheet of the Jyske Bank Group and tripled its 
lending portfolio. Furthermore, it improved diversification of the balance sheet, thereby lowering the risk profile 
for the total earnings. Jyske Realkredit’s activities date back to 1959. The main activity of Jyske Realkredit is 
mortgage lending secured against real property in Denmark.  
During 2013, Jyske Bank sold Jyske Bank Global Asset Management (US-based) and in 2014, Jyske Bank 
divested two other non-core activities, selling (i) its wholly-owned subsidiary Silkeborg Data A/S, a leading 
provider of payroll and staff administration systems to the public sector, and (ii) its 60 per cent. stake in the 
investment company, Berben’s Effectenkantoor B.V., in the Netherlands. 
In February 2015, Jyske Bank and Nykredit entered into an agreement on the specific terms and conditions for 
Jyske Bank’s exit from the Totalkredit cooperation, including sale of Jyske Bank’s shares in Pengeinstitutternes 
Realkreditselskab A/S (“PRAS”). PRAS is a company that owns shares in Nykredit Holding A/S and DLR Kredit 
A/S.  
In March 2015, a decision was made to wind up Jyske Bank Schweiz, which has been owned by Jyske Bank since 
1981. The unit no longer met the Jyske Bank Group's required rate of return, and there were no prospects for 
future improvement of profitability. All banking activities in Switzerland were discontinued, and the banking 
licence was returned in February 2016. 
On 31 March 2017, Jyske Bank took over the administration company Jyske Invest Fund Management A/S. Jyske 
Invest Fund Management continues as a 100 per cent. owned subsidiary of the Jyske Bank Group. 
 
On 16 January 2019, Jyske Bank announced the intention to sell Jyske Bank (Gibraltar) Ltd. as the Group wished 
to focus on clients in Denmark and gather all its international private banking activities in Copenhagen (Private 
Banking Copenhagen). At the end of March 2020, the sale of Jyske Bank (Gibraltar) Limited to Rooke Investments 
Limited was approved by the authorities and completed on 3 April 2020. The sale of Jyske Bank (Gibraltar) Ltd. 
completed the process of divesture of non-core activities (which was a process initiated in 2013 to focus on the 
Danish core business). 
 
The Danish Banking Sector 
 
As at early 2022, there were a total of 566 Danish banks and 57 mortgage institutions regulated by the Danish FSA 
present in the Danish market. The Danish banking sector is both highly concentrated and fragmented and consists 
of several different types of financial groups, banks and mortgage institutions. 
The Danish market is dominated by four financial services groups and first-tier banks and mortgage institutions, 
Danske, Nordea (through its Danish branch, Nordea Danmark, Filial af Nordea Bank Abp, Finland and Nordea 
                                                     
4  BRFkredit was renamed Jyske Realkredit in August 2018. 
5  BRF Holding held 24.89 per cent. of the shares in Jyske Bank as of end of December 2021. 
6 https://www.finanstilsynet.dk/Tal-og-Fakta/Statistik/Statistik-om-sektoren/Pengeinstitutternes-
stoerrelsesgruppering?link_id=2YtFEVbGiC 
7  Totalkredit and Nykredit are seen as one entity (the Nykredit Group) 
https://virksomhedsregister.finanstilsynet.dk/listeudtr%C3%A6k.html

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab), Nykredit and the Bank. Danske and Nordea are both pan-Nordic financial 
conglomerates, and their mortgage activities in Denmark are carried out via its subsidiaries Realkredit Danmark 
A/S and Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab respectively. Danske is the largest financial conglomerate in 
Denmark, whereas Nordea is the largest financial conglomerate in the Nordic region, with Danske being the 
second largest. Nykredit is the largest Danish mortgage institution and its banking activities are conducted via its 
subsidiary Nykredit Bank A/S. The Jyske Bank Group is the fourth largest financial services group in the Danish 
market, and its mortgage activities are carried out via its subsidiary Jyske Realkredit. 
The second-tier Danish banks are Sydbank A/S and Spar Nord Bank A/S. In addition, in 2021 a new banking 
entity emerged as Arbejdernes Landsbank acquired control over Vestjysk Bank with an ownership share of 72.7 
per cent.8. Although Vestjysk Bank has continued to operate as an independent bank, the new financial group is 
larger than Spar Nord. Foreign competition in the Danish banking market is primarily from a Copenhagen based 
branch of Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (“SEB”) and Handelsbanken (branch of Svenska Handelsbanken 
AB (publ)). However, in October 2021, it was announced that Handelsbanken had decided to withdraw from the 
Danish market and sell its Danish banking operations “Handelsbanken Danmark”. The rest of the market for bank 
lending is highly fragmented, comprising many small and medium-sized regional banks with strong local 
franchises and niche strategies, and individual market shares around or significantly below 1 per cent. of total 
bank lending.  
The Danish mortgage lending market is the biggest lending market in Denmark with total mortgage lending of 
DKK 2,957 billion9 as of end of February 2022, including lending from the independent and specialised mortgage 
institution DLR Kredit A/S. In comparison, total bank lending of Danish commercial banks to domestic Danish 
SME, corporates and private household clients totalled DKK 857 billion10 as at the end of February 2022.                                       
                                                     
8  https://www.al-bank.dk/om-banken/fakta-og-historik/pligtmaessigt-koebstilbud 
9  Source: Danish Central Bank’s statistics STATBANK.dk : https://nationalbanken.statbank.dk/statbank5a/default.asp?w=1920 
10 Source: Danish Central Bank’s statistics STATBANK.dk : https://nationalbanken.statbank.dk/statbank5a/default.asp?w=1920

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
Jyske Bank Group Financials 
 
 
* 
Q1 2022 Return on equity is calculated as four times net profit as at 31 March 2022 divided by average equity during 
the quarter. Average equity is calculated as opening balance plus closing balance divided by two. In the numerator, 
the profit is less interest expenses for additional tier 1 capital and the denominator is calculated as equity exclusive 
of additional tier 1 capital. 
 
 
Jyske Bank Group key figures
1997
584
            
443
            
4,772
9.6%
36.6
41.5
63.1
2,671
         
1998
710
            
511
            
5,173
10.3%
39.7
43.8
76.9
2,772
         
1999
1,276
         
897
            
5,421
16.9%
49.8
49.8
92.6
2,923
         
2000
1,255
         
1,083
         
5,887
19.2%
75.4
52.3
127.4
3,107
         
2001
890
            
623
            
6,174
10.3%
82.5
54.4
133.2
3,418
         
2002
1,083
         
511
            
6,658
8.0%
95.3
59.0
153.2
3,359
         
2003
1,809
         
1,284
         
7,843
17.7%
63.8
63.8
116.4
3,547
         
2004
1,960
         
1,407
         
7,858
17.9%
74.6
68.7
125.2
3,713
         
2005
2,174
         
1,701
         
9,477
19.6%
90.9
79.8
141.6
4,026
         
2006
2,810
         
2,134
         
9,637
22.3%
107.2
88.8
160.7
4,216
         
2007
2,273
         
1,735
         
9,704
17.9%
134.0
112.7
214.3
4,145
         
2008
1,307
         
988
            
10,722
9.7%
129.1
117.0
236.8
3,996
         
2009
597
            
471
            
12,523
4.1%
110.6
109.3
224.5
3,877
         
2010
1,003
         
757
            
13,352
5.9%
114.0
115.8
244.1
3,847
         
2011
601
            
493
            
13,846
3.6%
124.5
127.3
270.2
3,809
         
2012
851
            
596
            
15,642
4.0%
118.6
121.0
258.2
3,574
         
2013
2,301
         
1,808
         
17,479
10.9%
131.4
131.4
262.0
3,774
         
2014
3,103
         
3,089
         
27,561
13.7%
361.8
152.7
541.7
4,191
         
2015
3,204
         
2,476
         
30,040
8.6%
396.2
144.9
543.4
4,021
         
2016
3,906
         
3,116
         
31,038
10.1%
422.4
154.6
586.7
3,981
         
2017
4,002
         
3,143
         
32,023
9.7%
447.7
160.0
597.4
3,932
         
2018
3,140
         
2,500
         
31,786
7.6%
462.8
148.7
599.9
3,698
         
2019
3,079
         
2,440
         
32,453
7.1%
485.9
140.2
649.7
3,559
         
2020
2,110
         
1,609
         
33,325
          
4.4%
491.4
137.0
672.6
3,318
         
2021
4,027
         
3,176
         
34,911
8.8%
485.2
134.2
647.1
3,242
         
Q1'22
1,088
         
851
            
34,998
9.3%
479.9
141.9
650.2
3,237
         
Deposits 
(DKKbn)
Total 
assets 
(DKKbn)
Number of 
FTEs
Year
Profit 
before tax 
(DKKm)
Net profit 
(DKKm)
Shareholder
s' equity 
(DKKm)
Return on 
equity
Loans and 
advances 
(DKKbn)
Financial highlights & key ratios for Q1 2022, 2021 and 2020
Summary of income statement Jyske Bank Group
Core profit and net profit or loss for the period
(DKK millions)
Q1 2022
2021
2020
Net interest income 
1,312
4,973
4,966
Net fee and commission income 
683
2,308
2,091
Value adjustments 
09
940
685
Other income 
105
175
130
Income from operational leasing (net) 
80
256
110
Core income 
2,189
8,652
7,982
Core expenses 
1,160
4,904
4,848
Core profit before loan impairment charges 
1,029
3,748
3,134
Loan impairment charges and provision for guarantees 
-55
-218
968
Core profit 
1,084
3,966
2,166
Investment portfolio earnings 
4
61
-56
Profit before tax……………………………………………
1,088
4,027
2,110
Tax………………………………………………………….
237
851
501
Profit after tax………………………………………………
851
3,176
1,609

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
Information relating to Alternative Performance Measures (as such term is defined in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative 
Performance Measures) 
 
This Prospectus includes information about the Jyske Bank Group’s profit and its components. The presentation 
of such information includes non-GAAP financial measures. A body of generally accepted accounting principles 
such as IFRS is commonly referred to as ‘GAAP’. In this case the non-GAAP financial measure is a different 
presentation of the income statement than in the consolidated financial statements for the audited consolidated 
annual financial statements of the Jyske Bank Group for the financial period and years ended 31 March 2022, 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020. However, the profit before tax is the same. The table below illustrates 
the relationships between the income statement items above broken down into core and non-core earnings and the 
income statement items in the IFRS financial statements of Jyske Bank Group. Core profit is defined as the pre-
tax profit exclusive of investment portfolio earnings. Investment portfolio earnings are defined as the return on 
the Group's portfolio of shares, bonds, derivatives and equity investments, yet exclusive of the liquidity buffer 
and certain strategic equity investments. Investment portfolio earnings are calculated after expenses for funding 
and attributable costs.  
 
 
 
The reclassification to determine Core Profit relates to the following: 
• 
Income of DKK 6 million in Q1 2022 (2021 income of DKK 3 million; 2020 expenses of DKK 1 million) 
due to value adjustments relating to the balance principle at Jyske Realkredit are reclassified from value 
adjustments to interest income. 
• 
Income of DKK 0 million in Q1 2022 (2021: DKK 3 million; 2020: DKK 11 million) from external sales was 
classified from income to offsetting against expenses. 
• 
Depreciation and amortisation of DKK 124 million in Q1 2022 (2021: DKK 497 million; 2020: DKK 534 
million) are reclassified from expenses to income from operating lease (net). 
Reclassification from non_GAAP
measures and items 
DKK millions
Core profit
Investment 
portfolio 
earnings
Reclassification
Total 
Core profit
Investment 
portfolio 
earnings
Reclassification
Total 
Core profit
Investment 
portfolio 
earnings
Reclassification
Total 
Net interest income
1,312
        
19
             
(6)
                   
1,325
        
4,973
        
72
             
(3)
                   
5,042
        
4,966
        
83
             
1
                    
5,050
        
Net fee & commission income
683
           
-
            
-
                 
683
           
2,308
        
-
            
-
                 
2,308
        
2,091
        
-
            
-
                 
2,091
        
Value adjustments
9
               
(6)
              
6
                    
9
               
940
           
17
             
3
                    
960
           
685
           
(108)
          
(1)
                   
576
           
Other income
105
           
-
            
-
                 
105
           
175
           
-
            
3
                    
178
           
130
           
-
            
11
                  
141
           
Income from operating lease (net)
80
             
-
            
124
                
204
           
256
           
-
            
497
                
753
           
110
           
-
            
534
                
644
           
Income 
2,189
        
13
             
124
                
2,326
        
8,652
        
89
             
500
                
9,241
        
7,982
        
(25)
            
545
                
8,502
        
Expenses
1,160
        
9
               
124
                
1,293
        
4,904
        
28
             
500
                
5,432
        
4,848
        
31
             
545
                
5,424
        
Profit before loan impairment charges
1,029
        
4
               
0
1,033
        
3,748
        
61
             
-
                 
3,809
        
3,134
        
(56)
            
-
                 
3,078
        
Loan impairment charges
(55)
            
0
0
(55)
            
(218)
          
-
            
-
                 
(218)
          
968
           
-
            
-
                 
968
           
Pre-tax profit
1,084
        
4
               
0
1,088
        
3,966
        
61
             
-
                 
4,027
        
2,166
        
(56)
            
-
                 
2,110
        
2020
2021
Q1 2022

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
 
 
1. 
Q1 2022 Return on equity (after tax) is calculated as net profit as per 31 March 2022 multiplied by four divided by 
average equity during the quarter. Average equity is calculated as opening balance plus closing balance divided by 
two. In the numerator, the profit is less interest expenses for additional tier 1 capital and the denominator is 
calculated as equity exclusive of additional tier 1 capital. 
2. 
Net return on total assets is calculated as net profit for the period divided by average total assets for the period. For 
Q1 2022 the numerator is multiplied by four. Average total assets is calculated as opening balance plus closing 
balance divided by two. 
3. 
Net return on REA is calculated as net profit for the period divided by average REA for the period. Average REA is 
calculated as opening REA plus closing REA divided by two. For Q1 2022 the numerator is multiplied by four.  
4. 
Equity as percentage of assets is calculated based on figures at the end of the period. 
 
Core business areas and strategic focus 
 
The Jyske Bank Group is an advisory and relations banks, and a full-line supplier of financial products and other 
related products and services primarily in Denmark. Overall, the Group’s business model and strategy builds on 
rendering advice and delivering financial services that are simple, forward looking and responsible. Since Jyske 
Summary of Balance Sheet
DKK billions
Q1 2022
2021
2020
Bonds and shares etc. 
90.0
85.7
92.9
Loans and advances 
479.9
485.2
491.4
- of which mortgage loans 
329.5
340.9
343.9
- of which bank loans 
110.5
103.3
95.5
- of which repo loans 
39.9
41
52.0
Total Assets 
650.2
647.1
672.6
Deposits 
141.9
134.2
137.0
- of which bank deposits 
127.1
121.5
127.5
- of which repo deposits and tri-party deposits 
14.8
12.7
9.5
Issued bonds at fair value (mortgage bonds) 
327.1
340.3
348.8
Issued bonds at amortised cost 
67.8
73.1
63.7
Subordinated Debt 
5.5
5.5
5.8
Holders of AT1 capital 
3.3
3.4
3.3
Equity 
35.0
34.9
33.3
Selected ratios and financial data Jyske Bank Group
Weighted Risk Exposure Amount (REA) DKK billion
       197.1 
188.2       179.4 
Cost/Income ratio (per cent.)
         53.0 
56.7         60.7 
Impairment ratio for the period (per cent.) 
0.0
0
0.2
Accumulated Impairment ratio (per cent.) 
           1.0 
1          1.1 
RoE for the period (after tax) (per cent.) p.a. 
9.3
8.8          4.4 
Price/book value per share (DKK) 
           0.7 
0.7          0.5 
Net return on total assets (per cent.) p.a. 
0.5
0.5
0.2
Net return on REA (per cent.) p.a. 
1.8
1.7
0.9
Loans relative to equity 
12.5
12.7
13.4
Equity/total assets (per cent.) 
5.3
5.4
5.0
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (per cent.) 
         17.2 
18.2         17.9 
Core Tier 1 Capital Ratio (per cent.) 
         18.9 
20         19.9 
Capital Ratio (per cent.) 
         21.6 
22.8         22.9 
Number of full time employees, end of year 
3,237
3,242
       
3,318
DKK billions
Q1 2022
2021
2020

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
Bank achieved national coverage in the 1980s, the Group’s strategy has been to focus its business activities 
primarily on Danish retail and SME clients.  
The Jyske Bank Group wishes to operate in a responsible manner, promoting sustainability (as expressed in the 
UN Sustainable Development Goals). The Jyske Bank Group strives to offer business solutions that support a 
sustainable development, supply knowledge of sustainability and make it simple to invest sustainably. Jyske Bank 
has signed the UN Principles for Responsible Banking and the 20 recommendations of the Danish Forum for 
Sustainable Finance. Both initiatives contribute to the framework and direction of the Group’s work on 
sustainability. 
The Jyske Bank Group sees a future where clients to an increasing degree wish to conduct their everyday banking 
themselves through digital platforms (internet banking solutions, mobile banking as well as advisory APPs). The 
Jyske Bank Group offers 24/7 support strive to facilitate and simplify banking for our clients. 
 
 The last cashier’s desks were closed in April 2019, and all outside ATMs have been removed. Jyske Bank does 
not pay out DKK 1,000 notes, consequently most front-office services are almost gone, and branches with pure 
advisory services are emerging. In connection with major financial choices, clients may still wish to have personal 
advice, but the structure of the branch network is undergoing change due to digitization. To enhance both the 
flexibility and efficiency, and to raise the level of competences while maintaining local presence, a change of 
organisational structure in Jyske Bank’s retail branch network servicing private Danish clients was carried out 
with effect from 1 February 2020 as Jyske Bank introduced 27 new leader teams to replace the 98 local branch 
managers.  
 
In August 2020, as a consequence of the expected development in the Danish economy, the continued 
technological development and changed customer behaviour, Jyske Bank announced a reduction of approximately 
20 per cent. in the number of branches by mid-2021. At the end of March 2022, the number of physical locations 
in the nationwide branch network had been reduced from 98 in August 2020 to 80. In addition, the number of 
employees has decreased to 3,237 as of end of March 2022 compared to the 3,318 full time employees as at end 
2020. The annual employee turnover is typically 200-300. The reduction in the number of employees has therefore 
been realised primarily by natural workforce attrition. 
The Jyske Bank Group has during 2019-2021 had intensified focus on cost reductions and a cost to income ratio 
of 57 per cent. was achieved in 2021. In the coming years, the Group will keep continued strategic focus on cost 
containment, the organisational changes implemented and the technological development support of the Group's 
on-going focus on the cost level.  
Products and services within banking, leasing and mortgaging are the Jyske Bank Group’s core services and other 
financial services are provided or imparted through long-term strategic sourcing partnerships in key areas, 
including life insurance products through PFA Pension and mortgage products within agriculture through DLR 
Kredit A/S. Mobile payment solutions are offered via MOBILEPAY, Apple Pay and Google Pay.  
 
From Q3 2021, Jyske Bank has offered private and business clients access to a full range of insurance solutions 
in a turnkey white label solution “Jyske Forsikring” (“Jyske Insurance”) provided by Købstædernes Forsikring. 
In the strategic collaboration with Købstædernes Forsikring, Jyske Bank will refer customers to Jyske Forsikring 
and Jyske Forsikring will then advise, handle claims and service customers in insurance matters. Jyske 
Forsikring’s insurance advisers in will be employed by Købstædernes Forsikring but they will have their 
permanent workplace in Jyske Bank's branches, where they will meet customers side by side with a bank adviser.  
 
Since 2011, the Jyske Bank Group has been a member of Foreningen Bankdata, which delivers essential parts of 
Jyske Bank’s IT development and IT solutions, and Jyske Bank’s IT operations have been performed at JN Data 
A/S since 2002.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
The Jyske Bank Group’s three core business areas are banking activities (including leasing activities in Jyske 
Finans), trading and investment activities (including asset management) and international private banking and 
mortgage lending activities in Jyske Realkredit.  
Banking activities: Jyske Bank’s retail and commercial banking activities in Denmark focus primarily on Danish 
individuals, families, SMEs, as well as local and regional public institutions and state institutions. Customers are 
serviced via the nationwide branch network and via the Internet and mobile phone banking platforms. Jyske Bank 
offers a full range of financial services in connection with financial solutions, including leasing, financing and 
mortgage lending activities, partly via its own subsidiaries (Jyske Finans A/S and Jyske Realkredit) or via sourcing 
agreements with external strategic partners. 
Trading and investment activities incl. of asset management and international private banking: Investment 
advice and asset management services, including trading in fixed-income products, foreign currency, bonds, 
shares, commodities and derivatives. The activities are based on client transactions and aimed at national and 
international investors, partly through the activities in Capital Markets in DK-Silkeborg, and partly through the 
Private Banking entity in Copenhagen.  
Jyske Realkredit mortgage lending activities: Mortgage lending activities, specialising in owner-occupied 
homes, vacation homes, commercial properties, subsidised housing and joint funding. Mortgage products are 
distributed via Jyske Bank’s retail branches, partners, and an online web-platform. 
Over the last few decades, the Group has built up considerable trading and investment activities based on client 
transactions and asset management via the unit Capital Markets, also servicing larger institutional and corporate 
clients. In 2018, management decided that trading, investment and wealth management is intended to be turned 
into a significant area of focus for future growth. The increased focus has, among other things, been based on the 
upgrade of the Groups capital market platform that took place in cooperation with Bankdata and the adjustment 
of investment products to MiFID II-compliant solutions that was carried out in 2017. The Group continuously 
focuses on the development of good solutions for both clients and the bank.  
Jyske Bank Group risk management 
 
The Jyske Bank Group assumes financial risks within established limits and to the extent the risk-adjusted return 
contributes to the Jyske Bank Group’s financial goal, but to the greatest possible extent the Jyske Bank Group 
attempts to minimise financial risks considering the related costs. Risk management is a key element in the Jyske 
Bank Group’s daily operations and is anchored in the Jyske Bank Group Supervisory Board and the Jyske Bank 
Group Executive Board. The total risks are always adjusted to the Jyske Bank Group’s risk profile and capital 
structure according to the Jyske Bank Group’s capital management objective. 
The largest financial risks related to the Jyske Bank Group’s operations are credit risks which mainly arise from 
credit granting, market risks predominantly in the form of interest-rate risk and finally liquidity risk which arises 
as an integrated part of the banking activities, and the role of maturity transformation. In addition to these risks, 
the Jyske Bank Group’s activities also involve counterparty risk related to trading of derivatives and operational 
and business risks driven by the general activities and operations of the Jyske Bank Group. 
 
Risk management organisation  
 
The Jyske Bank Group Supervisory Board lays down the general principles for risk and capital management as 
well as for the Jyske Bank Group’s risk profile and implements these in the Jyske Bank Group by adopting a 
number of risk policies and instructions. Together with the Group Executive Board, the Group Supervisory Board 
is responsible for ensuring that the Group has an organisational structure that will ensure a distinct allocation of 
responsibility and include an appropriate separation of functions between development units, operating units and 
control units in the daily monitoring and management of the Group's risks. The Group Executive Board is 
responsible for the day-to-day risk management of the Group and will ensure that policies and instructions are

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
implemented and complied with. The Risk unit constitutes an individual unit with direct reference to the CEO of 
the Group.  
 
The Group Executive Board has appointed a Group Chief Risk Officer, who is the director of the Risk unit. The 
Group Chief Risk Officer’s responsibilities include activities involving risks across areas of risk and 
organisational units. The risk unit is responsible for:  
 
• 
proposing risk policies and risk-management principles to the Group Executive Board and the Group 
Supervisory Board;  
• 
implementing risk-management principles and policies in order to improve risk management on an 
ongoing basis;  
• 
quantifying the Group’s risk exposure; 
• 
monitoring and reporting to ascertain that the Group's risk exposure does not exceed the limits defined 
by the Group Supervisory Board; and 
• 
recognising, measuring and reporting risk in the Group, as well as the implementing risk-management 
tools.  
 
To achieve efficient risk management in the mortgage-credit business and fund management business, the 
Group has, in line with regulatory requirements, appointed a Chief Risk Officer at Jyske Realkredik and a Chief 
Risk Officer at Jyske Invest. These two Chief Risk Officers, and such officer’s employees, form an integral part 
of the risk unit and ensure that the Group Chief Risk Officer has a complete overview of the risks of the entire 
Group.  
 
The organisational structure of the Group, in which risk is separated from the risk-taking units, ensures that the 
risk unit is independent of business-oriented activities. 
 
 
Risk committees 
 
Several committees consider and process risk-related issues. Members of the Jyske Bank Group Audit Committee 
are appointed from the members of the Jyske Bank Group Supervisory Board. The committee checks whether the

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
Jyske Bank Group’s internal management and risk management systems function effectively. These tasks are 
carried out, amongst other things, through written and oral reporting to the committee as well as the committee’s 
consideration of the relevant audit reports.  
The Jyske Bank Group Risk Committee is a Jyske Bank Group Supervisory Board committee that carries out the 
preliminary consideration of risk-related issues before the final consideration by the Jyske Bank Group 
Supervisory Board at quarterly meetings. In particular, the following subjects are discussed: 
 
• 
the Group's risk profile and the implementation hereof in the organisation;  
• 
the Group's capital base as well as capital requirements; 
• 
capital and liquidity buffers with related contingency plans including the Group’s recovery plan; 
• 
material changes of the model set-up for risk management as well as re-estimation and validation of 
models; 
• 
internal procedures for risk measurement and management; 
• 
assessment of material products earnings and risk profiles; 
• 
new legislation relating to capital structure or risk management; and 
• 
topics of strategic relevance for the Group’s overall risk management. 
The main task of the Group Treasury Committee is to ensure that the Group’s actual market-risk profile is in line 
with the intended risk profile and the assessment of market expectations.  
The Group’s liquidity-risk profile, balance-sheet development and financial structure are assessed by the Group 
Balance-Sheet Committee, which at its quarterly meetings ensures a continuously adequate liquidity-risk profile 
and balance-sheet structure according to the general guidelines.  
 
Risk reporting 
 
The Group Supervisory Board and the Group Executive Board receive regular reports on the risk development 
and the utilisation of the allocated risk limits and can therefore monitor whether the risk limits are adhered to and 
whether they are still appropriate for the Group. The business unit Risk continuously focuses on securing a 
qualified basis for decisions for management and works on an ongoing basis to optimise management reporting. 
Risk reporting is submitted to the Group Supervisory Board, the Group Executive Board, the Group Supervisory 
Board Committees and relevant business areas, depending on the relevance of the contents of the reports. 
Moreover, risk reporting is prepared for the supervisory boards and executive boards of the individual subsidiaries. 
 
Credit risk management 
 
Both Jyske Bank and Jyske Realkredit are approved by the Danish FSA as advanced financial institutions under 
CRD IV and use Advanced Internal Ratings Based (AIRB) models for the calculation of the capital base 
requirements for credit risk. 
 
The credit risk models are enhanced on an ongoing basis with a view to be compliant with the forthcoming 
regulatory requirements, including, first and foremost, the new EBA guidelines (the “EBA IRB Repair 
Programme”). 
 
Credit policy and responsibility 
 
Jyske Bank’s Group Supervisory Board lays down the overall guidelines for credit granting within the Jyske Bank 
Group, and the largest exposures are presented to the Jyske Bank Group Supervisory Board for approval. The 
Jyske Bank Group Supervisory Board delegates limits to the members of the Jyske Bank Group Executive Board.  
Credit risk is managed through Jyske Bank’s credit policy, of which the objective is to keep the Jyske Bank Group 
credit risk at an acceptable level in relation to the capital base and business volume of the Jyske Bank Group, 
given the general trend in the Danish economy. Client transactions with the Jyske Bank Group must generate a

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
satisfactory long-term return according to Return on Regulatory Capital (“RoRC”) principles. Specific credit 
policies have been formulated for all areas in which the Jyske Bank Group assumes credit risk, and credit risk 
levels and undesirable types of business have been identified. The policies are regularly adjusted to meet current 
requirements and adapted to the management tools available to relationship managers and the monitoring 
functions. Credit risk is managed on the basis of the individual credit assessments and the Jyske Bank Group’s 
credit risk models. 
 
Limits and authorisation 
 
Jyske Bank has a decentralised credit-authorisation process. The limit structure is in line with the hierarchy below 
where, for each level, it is clearly stated which amounts, instances and segments are covered by the limit. The 
main principle is that regularly occurring credit cases can be authorised decentrally, whereas credit-related 
decisions for major or more complicated cases are authorised centrally. 
 
 
Day-to-day management of credit risk is undertaken by relationship managers as well as the credit unit (“Credit 
Unit”) with due regard to credit policies and credit instructions. Limits are delegated to relationship managers 
individually on the basis of perceived competence and need. Decisions about applications over and above the 
limits delegated to relationship managers are made by the Credit Unit. Credit-related decisions relating to the 
Credit Unit’s limits are made by the Jyske Bank Group Executive Board for credit cases at Jyske Bank A/S, 
whereas the Supervisory Boards for the individual subsidiaries authorise cases involving clients of the 
subsidiaries.  
The Group Executive Board is represented on the supervisory boards of the subsidiaries.  
The granting procedures for mortgage credits concerning retail are outsourced from Jyske Realkredit to Jyske 
Bank.  
 
The credit process and monitoring 
 
The basis of each authorisation of credit is the client’s ability to repay the loan. A central element in the assessment 
of the creditworthiness of corporate clients is their ability to service debt out of cash flows from operations in 
combination with their financial strength. In respect of personal clients, their debt servicing ability, as reflected in 
budgets and disposable income (before and after the raising of the loan), is decisive. The extent of data and

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
analyses depend on the client’s financial situation and the complexity of the matter and may therefore vary from 
case to case.  
 
The provision of collateral is a material element in credit granting in order to minimise the Group's future losses. 
Monitoring of the credit-risk positions of the Group is carried out by Risk Management, which is separated from 
client-oriented functions and is independent of core business processes. 
The exposure of the Jyske Bank Group by size, sector and geographical area is monitored and analysed on an on-
going basis with a view to reducing the risk associated with specific high-risk sectors and geographical areas and 
ensuring satisfactory diversification of the portfolio. Monitoring is executed by means of quantitative models at 
portfolio level – the credit quality of each branch is monitored, and selected large commitments are reviewed. 
Moreover, risk monitoring includes qualitative as well as quantitative control of data used in risk and RoRC 
calculations.  
The Jyske Bank Group’s internal credit ratings and the mapped Jyske Realkredit ratings aim to assess the credit 
risk in a one-year perspective, while external ratings (Aaa - C) aim to assess the credit risk in a longer term 
perspective. The mapping between the internal credit ratings, Jyske Realkredit’s credit ratings and the external 
credit ratings is based on the currently observed default frequency for companies rated by Jyske Realkredit and 
Moody's. The mapping between Jyske Bank’s credit ratings, Jyske Realkredit’s credit ratings and external ratings 
is therefore dynamic. Observations are made on at least a quarterly basis to determine whether changes are to be 
made to the mapping. If the credit rating calculated by the model is considered to be inadequate, independent 
credit experts may review the credit rating of corporate clients at the request of the relevant relationship manager. 
 
Credit exposure 
 
Credit exposures are quantified by means of exposure at default (“EAD”). EAD reflects the exposure at default 
in the event of the client defaulting in the course of the next twelve months. A client’s overall EAD depends on 
client-specific factors and the specific products held by the client. For most product types, EAD is calculated on 
the basis of statistical models, while a few product types are based on expert models. 
 
Loan impairment charges and provisions for guarantees 
 
For all exposures, impairments are made in accordance with IFRS 9. The impairment model according to IFRS 9 
is based on a calculation of expected credit losses where loans are divided into three stages, which depend on the 
individual loan's credit deterioration compared to the first recognition:  
 
• 
Stage 1: lending with the absence of a significant increase in credit risk 
• 
Stage 2: loans with a significant increase in credit risk 
• 
Stage 3: loans that are credit-impaired 
 
The ranking in the various stages will affect the calculation method applied, and it is determined, among other 
things, on the basis of the change in the probability of default over the expected remaining life of the exposure. 
The expected future loss is calculated on the basis of the probability of default, the exposure at the time of default 
and the loss given default.  
 
In addition to the calculations, a managerial assessment is made of the ability of the models and the expert 
assessing impairment calculations to consider all future expectations regarding loan impairment charges. To the 
extent that it is assessed that there are factors/risks that are not addressed in the calculations, a management 
estimate is made for the write-down calculations. This estimate is based on concrete observations and is calculated 
based on the expected risks in the portfolio. The calculated impairments (both individual and management’s 
estimates) are based on the credit portfolio to ensure consistency with the accounting framework and are 
attributable to the specific exposures (specific credit-risk adjustments).

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
Collateral 
 
The provision of collateral is a material element in credit granting in order to limit credit risk and minimise the 
Jyske Bank Group’s future losses. The need to demand collateral will be considered for each exposure on its 
merits, but as a main rule, clients are required to provide full or partial collateral for their exposures. The Jyske 
Bank Group’s mortgage loans are always secured by mortgages on immovable property, and also in a large 
number of cases, guarantees are provided by third parties in connection with cooperation with other financial 
institutions. In connection with loans for social housing, guarantees are provided by municipalities and the 
government. Collateral received is a main element of the Jyske Bank Group’s assessment of Loss Given Default 
(“LGD”). LGD is the part of the Jyske Bank Group’s total exposure to a client which the Jyske Bank Group 
expects to lose in the event of the client defaulting within the next twelve months. A client’s LGD depends on 
specific factors concerning the client, but also on the commitment and the collateral provided. Overall, LGD also 
depends on Jyske Bank’s ability to collect receivables and liquidate collateral. 
 
The models relating to real property and vehicles include ongoing updating of the collateral value, taking into 
account, among other things, market-related changes in value, ranking of the loan and wear and tear. The ongoing 
updating of the values of real property will also ensure compliance with the requirements relating to the monitoring 
of LTV limits of the covered bonds according to the rules on possible, further supplementary capital.  
 
In the calculation of the own funds requirement, LGD estimates are used which reflect the expected loss rates of 
the Group in the event of an economic downturn. The levels of loss have been calibrated to the period at the end 
of the 1980s and the beginning of the 1990s.  
 
Market risk management 
 
The Jyske Bank Group uses the standardised approach for calculation of the capital base requirements for market 
risk under the CRD IV.  
Market risk is the risk that the Jyske Bank Group will incur losses arising from position-taking in the financial 
markets or from the general banking and mortgage banking operations. The dominant market risk component is 
interest rate risk, caused by changes in market interest rates. In addition, the Jyske Bank Group also faces exchange 
rate risk, equity risk and commodity risk caused by changes in exchange rates, equity prices or commodity prices 
as well as volatility risk caused by changes in volatility levels. Every risk type has its own characteristics and is 
managed by means of individual risk measurements as well as through the Jyske Bank Group’s Value-at-Risk 
model and supplemented by risk measurements developed in accordance with conventional option theory, i.e. by 
calculating the delta, gamma and vega risks of the positions.  
Jyske Bank has three business areas that manage and are allowed to assume significant market risk. Strategic 
market risks are managed by Jyske Bank Group Treasury, and investments are in general based on macroeconomic 
principles and thus of a long-term nature. Jyske Markets and Jyske Realkredit manage short-term market risks as 
part of the servicing of clients’ daily trade volume with financial instruments and as part of clients’ repayment 
and raising of mortgage loans. The Jyske Bank Group Supervisory Board lays down the market risk policy and 
relevant guidelines stating the Jyske Bank Group Supervisory Board’s risk profile for the area of market risk. The 
policy is specified in a number of limits delegated to the Jyske Bank Group Executive Board. The limits are further 
limited before being delegated to the three heads of Jyske Markets, Jyske Bank Group Treasury and Jyske 
Realkredit, respectively. Operations in accordance with the respective limits are supported by detailed procedures. 
The Jyske Bank Group Treasury Committee follows market developments closely and is therefore able to adjust 
for any discrepancies between the Jyske Bank Group’s actual risk profile and its desired risk profile.  
All risk positions are monitored daily. The Jyske Bank Group Executive Board is notified immediately of any 
positions which exceed the pre-determined limits or are in conflict with the risk management policy. The Jyske 
Bank Group Supervisory Board and Internal Audit are notified immediately if positions exceed the overall 
authority of the Jyske Bank Group Executive Board. The development of the market risk exposure of the various

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
units is reported monthly to the Jyske Bank Group Executive Board and the Jyske Bank Group Supervisory Board. 
Monitoring and reporting of market risk take place through a risk-management system which is developed by 
Jyske Bank and integrated with Jyske Bank’s trading systems as well as other systems for the handling of Jyske 
Bank’s regular banking and mortgage operations. 
 
Operational Risk Management 
 
The Jyske Bank Group uses the standardised approach for calculation of the capital base requirements for 
operational risk under the CRD IV.  
Operational risk relates to all internal processes such as the risk of Jyske Bank being exposed to potential losses 
as a result of inexpedient processes, human errors, IT errors as well as financial crime. Operational risk can 
therefore not be eliminated, yet attempts are made to minimise this risk. Jyske Bank’s Group Supervisory Board 
sets out a policy for operational risk, which states the framework for identification, assessment, monitoring and 
management of the operational risk as well as the Jyske Bank Group Supervisory Board’s risk profile for the area. 
The purpose of the policy is to keep operational risks at an acceptable level in respect of the Jyske Bank Group’s 
overall objectives and the cost associated with reducing the risks.  
 
Fighting financial crime continues to remain a high priority effort in the Jyske Bank Group. To reduce risk of 
being abused for illegal purposes, mitigating measures that go beyond the Bank’s legal obligations have 
continuously been introduced.  
 
With the aim of strengthening and improving measures to prevent financial crime, the Group is continuously 
analysing risk exposure within the area. In 2021, focus has been on several special initiatives, which will continue 
into 2022. Over the years, Jyske Bank has reduced the number of foreign clients without a connection to Denmark. 
The Group is adapting its target group in the private banking segment to focus on Danes living abroad. In the 
future, the Group will not service other clients in Europe unless they have a connection to Denmark. Due to the 
increased risk of private banking, policies and controls have been established with the purpose of securing the 
best possible processing environment. 
 
The Jyske Bank Group monitors and actively manages operational risk to reduce the risk of operational events 
resulting in material loss and damage to reputation. Monitoring is based on continuous dialogue with management 
to ensure that all the material operational risks of the Jyske Bank Group are reflected in the risk scenarios. The 
primary ways in which risks are identified and assessed in the Jyske Bank Group are via risk and control self-
assessments (“RCSAs”) conducted in all business units, and analysis of historical losses and near misses. Further 
scenario analysis of tail-risk events supplements and strengthens the ability to manage operational risk effectively 
in the Jyske Bank Group. RCSA-analyses chart the Jyske Bank Group's operational risks by analysing central 
processes and events that could cause losses. All risk events that may cause direct or indirect losses of more than 
DKK 100,000 are within scope of the RCSA-analyses.  
 
The Group Executive Board and the relevant unit directors oversee operational risk management. Thus, risk 
management is an integral part of daily operations through policies and controls established with the purpose of 
securing the best possible processing environment. Regular reporting to the business unit directors, ensures that 
management are continually informed about developments in operational risk exposure in their respective 
business units. Further, quarterly reports to the Group Executive Board and the Group Supervisory Board are 
prepared by the Operational Risk Function. In these reports, important aspects with respect to the development in 
the Group’s operational risk exposure are described and areas in need of senior management attention are 
highlighted.  
 
Liquidity risk management and funding structure 
 
Liquidity risk occurs due to funding mismatch in the balance sheet. The Jyske Bank Group’s liquidity risk can 
primarily be attributed to its bank lending activities as the Jyske Bank Group’s bank loan portfolio has a longer 
contractual duration than its average funding sources. The liquidity risk at Jyske Realkredit is very limited as the

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
liquidity flow at Jyske Realkredit takes place predominantly in a closed circuit linked to the balance principle and 
the statutory protection of SDOs. 
 
Objective and overall setup 
 
The Jyske Bank Group Supervisory Board determines the liquidity profile expressed as the balance between the 
risk level and the Jyske Bank Group’s costs of managing liquidity risk. The risk levels are re-assessed on an on-
going basis in consideration of the current market-related and economic conditions in Denmark and the financial 
sector. The overall development in lending and deposits in the Danish banking sector, the rating agencies’ 
assessment of the Jyske Bank Group’s liquidity and funding risks as well as changes in statutory requirements 
will of course cause a reassessment of which risk levels can be deemed satisfactory. Jyske Bank’s liquidity 
management must ensure adequate short and long-term liquidity so the Jyske Bank Group can in due time honour 
its payment obligations by having reasonable funding costs.  
 
Organisation, management and monitoring 
 
The Group Supervisory Board has adopted a liquidity policy which defines specific critical survival horizons for 
the Group during adverse stress scenarios. Other key ratios include an internal key objective for the liquidity cover 
ratio (“LCR”) and NSFR, the size and quality of the Group’s liquidity buffer and the relationship between bank 
loans and bank deposits. Based on these general guidelines and objectives, the Group Executive Board has defined 
specific operational limits for Jyske Markets as well as Group Treasury, which monitor and manage liquidity on 
a daily basis in accordance with the limits and liquidity policies adopted. Group liquidity management is 
conducted by Group Treasury. 
 
Jyske Realkredit is subject to liquidity-related restrictions in respect of the investment profile in the securities 
portfolio, repo borrowing as well as money-market placements outside the Group to ensure that transactions of 
Jyske Realkredit are in line with statutory requirements as well as the internal guidelines at Jyske Realkredit and 
at Group level. 
 
Market Risk and Models monitor liquidity positions daily for observance of the delegated limits. Liquidity 
positions that exceed the authorised limits are reported immediately according to the business procedure relating 
to market risks.  
 
The Group’s responsibility for issuing bonds in the capital market is centralised at Group Treasury. When 
necessary, liquidity or capital can be distributed from Jyske Bank A/S to Jyske Realkredit and other financial 
subsidiaries. As a mortgage-credit institution, Jyske Realkredit must comply with mandatory overcollateralization 
within the scope of the privileged position of covered bond investors in a bankruptcy scenario. In a scenario with 
declining house prices, Jyske Realkredit may need to have liquidity injected into its capital centres from Jyske 
Bank to fund supplementary collateral and to ensure the capital centre’s compliance with S&P’s over-
collateralisation requirements.  
 
Group Liquidity flows 
 
Short-term liquidity management 
 
Short-term operational liquidity is managed by Jyske Markets, which is active in the international money markets 
as a trader in all major currencies and related derivatives and as a market-maker in the Nordic inter-bank money 
markets. Short-term funding in these markets forms part of the overall Group limits for short-term funding within 
strategic liquidity management. 
 
Strategic liquidity management

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
Strategic liquidity is managed by Group Treasury based on the measurement of the Group’s liquidity position in 
various stress scenarios. The asset side of the liquidity balance is broken down and grouped in order of liquidity 
whereas the financial liabilities are grouped according to expected run-off risk in various scenarios. In the three 
current relevant stress scenarios, the Group’s liquidity buffer is used to cover negative payment gaps. In addition 
to the survival horizon in these stress scenarios, the Group’s compliance with the LCR ratio in stress scenarios is 
monitored. Three scenarios are used: an idiosyncratic scenario, a capital market/recession scenario and a 
combination scenario.  
 
Liquidity contingency plan 
 
The liquidity contingency plan comes into force if the Jyske Bank Group can only meet the internally delegated 
limits at very high costs or is ultimately unable to do so within the critical horizons. The contingency plan 
determines a broad range of initiatives that can be used to strengthen the Jyske Bank Group’s liquidity position. 
 
Group funding structure  
 
From the perspective of liquidity risk, the Jyske Bank Group’s largest funding source is Danish covered bonds 
and mortgage bonds, which fund the mortgage-lending portfolio in Jyske Realkredit according to the statutory 
requirements of the Danish mortgage legislation (for example. the Danish balance principle). As a Danish 
mortgage institution, Jyske Realkredit needs to be fully funded in covered bonds on a daily basis, which reduces 
liquidity risk on the mortgage balance. Mortgage funding represented a volume of DKK 327 billion as at the end 
of March 2022.  
 
In addition to mortgage bonds, the Group’s primary source of funding is deposits from clients. Customer deposits 
amounted to DKK 127 billion as at the end of March 2022. Jyske Bank has a sound and well-diversified client 
deposit base and a high proportion of the customer deposits are deposits from small- and medium sized deposits. 
  
Further funding sources are long term senior debt (including notes issued under this Programme), commercial 
paper (issued under Jyske Bank’s French NEU-CP programme), interbank funding and repo funding. 
 
The Group's liquidity buffer 
 
Jyske Bank's liquidity buffer consists solely of assets which are not pledged as collateral or used in the day-to-day 
operations of the Group. Such assets may be sold immediately or pledged as collateral for loans and are therefore 
a swift and efficient source of liquidity. The procurement of secured funding does not depend on Jyske Bank's 
creditworthiness, but solely on the quality of the assets that can be offered as collateral. The measurement of the 
Group's liquidity buffer takes into account haircuts of the relevant assets. 
 
Jyske Bank’s holding of securities is divided into three groups in the internal liquidity management in order of 
liquidity: 
 
1) Ultra-liquid assets (intra-day liquidity) 
Assets placed with the Danish Central Bank or the ECB with intra-day liquidity effect: Cash deposits at the 
ECB or the Danish Central Bank, certificates of deposit with the Danish Central Bank. 
2) Very liquid assets (central bank eligible) 
Assets eligible for borrowing transactions in the Danish Central Bank or the ECB: Danish government and 
mortgage bonds and covered bonds, European covered bonds, RMBS and government bonds. 
3) Non-central bank eligible assets (not eligible at central banks): Other negotiable securities with a longer 
realisation time frame. Securities in this group consist primarily of assets denominated in currencies other 
than DKK and EUR as well as Emerging Market bonds, corporate and structured bonds and equities. 
 
Jyske Bank has adopted a general policy for the size and quality of its liquidity buffer, which is adjusted to suit 
the Group's balance sheet composition and risk profile. In practice, the liquidity buffer policy implies that the

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
liquidity buffer consists predominantly of assets from liquidity group 1 and 2 as there is a high degree of 
consistency to the requirements for LCR-reserves. 
 
Capital markets and funding activities 
 
Maintaining a diversified investor base ensures strong access to the international capital markets which is of high 
strategic importance to the Group to manage the Groups long-term liquidity risk profile. The objective is met 
partly through ongoing debt IR activities as well as via bond issuance activities. All mortgage loans are funded 
by Jyske Realkredit. As at the date of this Prospectus, Jyske Realkredit has issued 6 EUR covered benchmark 
bonds in addition to the substantial activities in the Danish covered bond market where Jyske Realkredit issues 
Danish mortgage bonds in DKK on a daily basis. Jyske Bank issues preferred and non-preferred senior bonds as 
well as Tier 2 and Additional Tier 1 capital notes11 under this EMTN programme and is an active issuer of CP 
under the Group’s French NEU CP program. At end-March 2022, senior debt (including bonds issued under this 
Programme) amounted to DKK 24 billion (EUR 3.2 billion). Outstanding issues of subordinated Tier 2 notes 
amounted to DKK 5.5 billion (EUR 0.8 billion). 
 
At end-March 2022, outstanding bonds under the CP programme amounted to DKK 46.1 billion (EUR 6.2 billion). 
 
Group refinancing risk  
 
Refinancing risk is the risk of a financial institution not being able to refinance maturing deposits, senior debt, 
covered bonds or other liabilities, or the risk that the refinancing cost will be so high that it will adversely affect 
net interest income. 
 
The refinancing risk of deposits and senior unsecured funding at Jyske Bank is addressed, monitored and managed 
via the Group’s internal limits and the integration of stress scenarios in daily liquidity risk management. The 
Group’s refinancing risk measured by volume is dominated by Jyske Realkredit’s mortgage bonds. Jyske 
Realkredit is a major issuer in the Danish market for SDOs and has a high dependency on secured capital market 
funding on a covered bond basis. The refinancing risk from mortgage activities has remained moderate during 
2020, 2021 and the first quarter of 2022. Long fixed rate convertible SDOs have no refinancing risk. The 
proportion of SDOs with refinancing risk amounted to DKK 200 billion as of end of March 2022.  
 
Liquidity risk legislation and supervisory diamond  
 
A daily LCR is the anchor stone of the limit structure to achieve unambiguousness in the monitoring and in the 
limits set.  
 
As of end-March 2022, the Group's LCR was 177 per cent. (compared to 448 per cent. as of end-2021 and 339 
per cent. as of end-2020). 
 
Currently the Group's minimum target for the LCR is a Group LCR of 150 per cent., with some flexibility 
regarding the actual composition of the buffer. The primary focus in the management of the Group’s LCR buffer 
is on the total amount of LCR eligible Level 1 and Level 2 assets whereas the split between Level 1a and other 
eligible LCR assets is of secondary importance as far as overall compliance is achieved. 
 
As a Danish O-SII, Jyske Bank must comply with a modified LCR requirement in EUR. The modification consists 
of three essential elements: 
 
1) There is no cap on the amount of EUR Level 1b and Level 2 assets. 
2) There is no limit to the recognition of inflow from derivatives in EUR. 
                                                     
11 Until 2019, Additional Tier 1 notes had been issued under stand-alone documentation. Additional Tier 1 notes have been included in the 
EMTN program from June 2019. As at the date of this Prospectus, one Additional Tier 1 note, the perpNC8 AT1 issue of EUR 200 
million from June 2021, has been issued under this EMTN programme. The total volume of outstanding Additional Tier 1 notes, inclusive 
of the abovementioned issue, amounted to DKK 3.3 billion (EUR 0.4 billion) as of end of March 2021.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
3) There is no requirement to keep EUR reserves for potential cash outflow from derivatives. 
 
Jyske Bank is fully compliant with a substantial buffer to the 100 per cent. requirement as of end-March 2022 as 
well as of December 2021 and 2020. 
 
The Net Stable Funding Ratio has been a statutory requirement pursuant to CRR2 since Q2 2021. Danish mortgage 
bonds with the “extension trigger” are recognised as being “interdependent assets and liabilities” which has made 
NSFR compliance at Jyske Realkredit significantly easier to achieve. At Group level, Jyske Bank was fully NSFR-
compliant throughout 2020 and 2021 as well as during the first quarter of 2022 and the Group NSFR as of end-
March 2022 was 137 per cent.  
 
Capital management and requirements 
 
The objective of capital management is to optimise the Jyske Bank Group’s capital structure given the adopted 
risk profile and to maintain a solvency ratio sufficient for the Jyske Bank Group to continue its lending activities 
during a period of difficult business conditions.  
The capital adequacy is assessed on the basis of both internal and statutory capital base requirements. The Group 
must fulfil the minimum regulatory capital base requirements which are set according to the risk types of credit, 
market and operational risk. Furthermore, the Group must fulfil the individual solvency requirement, the “Pillar 
II” requirement12. The Pillar II requirement for the Group is determined as the higher of the requirements based 
on the Group’s internally calculated adequate capital base (according to the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment 
Process (“ICAAP”)) and the adequate capital base according to the Danish FSA’s 8+ method as well as statutory 
limits.  
In 2021, Jyske Bank was again confirmed to be a systemically important financial institution (and confirmed by 
the EBA to be an O-SII), which entails a 1.5 per cent. SIFI supplement to the capital base requirement (reflecting 
the Jyske Bank Group’s systemic importance).  
The Danish Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs set the countercyclical capital buffer (“CCyB”) 
requirement at 0.5 per cent. from March 2019, 1 per cent. from December 2019 and planned the phase in of up to 
a total buffer requirement of 2 per cent. by December 2020. On 12 March 2020, the CCyB requirement was 
however released with immediate effect and set at 0 per cent. due to the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak crisis and 
the CCyB requirement remained at 0 per cent. during 2021. The CCyB requirement gradually phased in again, at 
1 per cent. from Q3 2022 (30 September 2022) and will increase to 2 per cent. from Q4 2022 (31 December 2022). 
In addition, the Danish Systemic Risk Council had, at their meeting in March 2022, recommended a further 
increase of the buffer to 2.5 per cent. as of Q1 2023. On 30 March 2022, the Minister for Industry, Business and 
Financial Affairs decided to further increase the buffer to 2.5 per cent. with effect from 31 March 2023. 
At the end of March 2022, the Group determined an individual solvency requirement of 10.7 per cent., 
representing a Pillar II requirement of 2.7 per cent. (10.7 per cent. – 8 per cent. minimum Pillar I requirement) 
equalling the solvency requirement according to the ICAAP method of 14.7 per cent. after the add on of the 1.5 
per cent. institution specific SIFI buffer and as well as the 2.5 per cent. add on of the capital conservation buffer. 
 
Capital management objectives and capital structure 
The capital management objective of Jyske Bank for the coming years is a capital ratio within the range 20-22 per 
cent. and a Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio between 15 per cent. and 17 per cent. At these levels, Jyske Bank 
is at a reassuring distance to the capital requirements, while maintaining the desired strategic capital buffer and 
ability to absorb the expected effects of forthcoming legislative changes. As of end-March 2022, the Group’s 
                                                     
12  To follow the EBA definition, in the Pillar II at least 56 per cent. (4.5/8) must be covered by CET1, but 19 per cent. (1.5/8) can be 
Additional Tier 1 Capital and 25 per cent. (2/8) can be Tier 2.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
capital is compliant with the capital objectives with a Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of 17.2 per cent. and 
a total capital ratio of 21.6 per cent.  
 
On 1 January 2022 the EBA IRB Repair Programme entered into force and was fully implemented by Jyske Bank 
leading to an increase in Jyske Bank's REA driven by an increase in REA for credit risk. 
 
Basel IV will have an impact on the Jyske Bank Group’s REA (especially the Jyske Realkredit REA) both via the 
input floors which will enter into force on 1 January 2025 and via the implementation of Basel IV output floors 
which currently are expected to be phased in from 2025-2032. As of end of Q1 2022 Jyske Bank assesses that the 
impact on the core equity tier 1 ratio towards 2030 of future regulation will be a reduction by approx. 1.5 
percentage points.  
As seen below, Jyske Bank has strengthened its capital ratios significantly since 2007, via positive consolidation 
and issuance of Tier 2 and AT1 capital during 2016, 2017, 2019, 2020, 2021 as well as in March 2022. 
 
JYSKE BANK GROUP CAPITAL STRUCTURE
Q1 2022
2021
2020
Common equity Tier 1 capital ratio (CET1)
17.2%
18.2%
17.9%
Additional Tier 1 capital (AT1)
1.7%
1.8%
2.0%
Core Tier 1 capital ratio
18.9%
20.0%
19.9%
Tier 2
2.7%
2.8%
3.0%
Total capital ratio
21.6%
22.8%
22.9%
Pillar I min. solvency requirement 
8.0%
8.0%
8.0%
Pillar II (Individual solvency requirement - 8 %)
2.7%
3.2%
3.6%
SIFI buffer requirement
1.5%
1.5%
1.5%
Capital conservation buffer
2.5%
2.5%
2.5%
Countercyclical buffer
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
Total capital requirement
14.7%
15.2%
15.6%
Capital buffer
6.9%
7.6%
7.3%
CET 1 requirement
10.0%
10.3%
10.6%
Core equity Tier 1 buffer
7.2%
7.9%
7.3%
JYSKE BANK GROUP REA (DKKbn)
Q1 2022
2021
2020
Credit risk
172.8
163.2
154.5
Market risk
9.7
10.7
10.3
Operational risk
14.6
14.3
14.7
Total REA 
197.1
188.2
179.4

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
During the third quarter of 2015, a capital redistribution process was initiated, and management will on a quarterly 
basis assess the potential for capital distribution. Jyske Bank will payout capital amounts not needed to sustain 
business strategy and growth, or to provide a buffer for future regulation or underpin the S&P rating. 
On 27 August 2021, Jyske Bank completed a share buy-back programme of DKK 750 million that had run from 
28 January 2021. 2,592,073 shares were bought back under the programme, corresponding to 3.57 per cent. of the 
Bank’s share capital.  On 1 October 2021, Jyske Bank initiated a new share buy-back programme of up to DKK 
1 billion running until 31 March 2022 at the latest. In early February 2022, the existing share buy-back programme 
was increased by DKK 1 billion and extended until 29 July 2022. The effect from the new share buy-back 
programme was recognised by -0.5 per cent. in the capital ratios in Q1 2022. 
A reduction of the share capital by 3,560,778 shares was adopted at the EGM on 6 January 2022 and after 
registration with the Danish Business Authority, the share capital amounts to 69,000,000 shares, each of a nominal 
value of DKK 10. 
As of the end of March 2021, Available Distributable Items (ADI) of Jyske Bank A/S represent DKK 25,942 
million out of total equity of DKK 34,997 million. 
The below table illustrates the MDA “trigger” point being the Pillar I CET1 requirements inclusive of the 
combined buffers based on the actual capital requirements as of end of 2020, 2021 and end of the first quarter of 
2022 as well as the distance to the MDA “trigger” point. 
 
 
 
Overview loss absorption capital, MREL and debt buffer requirements 
 
The MREL requirement for Danish banks entered into force on 1 July 2019. Until 1 January 2022 certain of the 
Issuer’s previously issued senior preferred debt could be included in the Group’s MREL requirement. 
  
As part of the Danish BRRD framework, mortgage credit institutions are required to establish a debt buffer equal 
to 2 per cent. of their total unweighted lending to facilitate a more flexible resolution process. The debt buffer 
requirement was fully implemented by end-June 2020. Jyske Realkredit fully complies with the debt buffer 
requirement based on its high capitalisation and Jyske Realkredit will at any given time have adequate access to 
capital and funding to fulfil the debt buffer requirement. 
For Danish SIFI institutions (inclusive of mortgage institutions) a Group requirement applies from 1 January 2022. 
The Group requirement states that in addition to the debt buffer requirement of 2 per cent. of total unweighted 
lending in the mortgage institutions, the sum of the capital requirement, debt buffer requirement and bail-inable 
liabilities of each financial SIFI group or SIFI mortgage institution must also be above 8 per cent. of the Group’s 
total liabilities and own funds (“TLOF”). 
BRRD2 was fully implemented in Denmark on 28 December 2020 and implies the application of an upper limit 
for subordination. The so-called “subordination cap” applies only to the MREL (banking activities) requirement 
and the directive sets the upper limit for subordination as the highest of: 
 
• 
2 x the solvency requirement plus 1 x the combined buffer requirement (“CBR”); and 
• 
8 per cent. of TLOF.  
The “subordination cap” thus allows for a share of the MREL requirement to be fulfilled by preferred senior debt 
instead of non-preferred debt. For the Jyske Bank Group this implies that around DKK 4-5 billion of preferred 
senior debt can be used to fulfil the MREL requirement. 
Q1 2022
2021
2020
Maximum Distributable Amount (MDA) "trigger" point
8.5%
8.5%
8.5%
Buffer to MDA Restrictions
8.7%
9.7%
9.4%
MDA and MDA buffer

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
Under BRRD2, the Danish FSA sets the Group’s MREL requirement on an annual basis as a percentage of banking 
activity REA. The percentage will remain fixed for the year, but the actual requirement in DKK billion will be 
dynamic.  
Jyske Bank’s 2022 MREL requirement was set by the Danish FSA in the Autumn of 2021 and reflects the gradual 
implementation of the CCyB from Q3 2022:  
 
On top of the MREL requirement there is an additional 4 per cent. CET1 combined buffer requirement. 
The MREL requirement for banking activities for Q1 2022 is illustrated in the below graph: 
 
 
 
* The DKK 5.9 billion of preferred senior debt includes SEK 3 billion (DKK 2.1 billion) of preferred senior debt issued in April 2022. 
The “MREL resources 31 March 2022” reflect the Group’s capital (CET1, AT1, Tier 2) as well as non-preferred 
senior and MREL eligible preferred senior (“PS”) available as at end-March 2022 to comply with the banking 
activity capital and MREL requirements (after deducting resources needed in Jyske Realkredit). As the MREL 
requirement was fixed by the Danish FSA for all 2022 based on end-December 2020 Pillar II (which was 3.6 per 
cent.), the light green MREL of 16.6 per cent. in the graph is a residual.  It is calculated as the subordination 
requirement as at 1 January 2022 (27.3 per cent.) minus the actual end of March 2022 Pillar I & Pillar II 
requirements (8 per cent. + 2.7 per cent.). As illustrated in the graph, the implementation of the CCyB increases 
the need for CET1. For simplicity, the red dotted line reflects PS allowance (non-subordinated part of the total 
capital and MREL requirements), but the combined buffer requirement must be subordinated as it is to be fulfilled 
by CET1.   
Jyske Bank - banking activity capital & MREL requirement
Q1-Q2 2022 Q3 2022
Q4 2022
Subordinated
27.3%
28.3%
29.3%
Non-subordinated
4.0%
4.0%
4.0%
Total
31.3%
32.3%
33.3%
Banking activity MREL requirement Q1 2022

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
In the next graph, an overview of the requirements for the Group for 2022 is illustrated with a forward-looking 
view based on actual end-March 2022 REA, TLOF as well as Pillar II. As illustrated in the graph, the 8 per cent. 
of TLOF Group requirement is not the constraint. The EBA guidelines & the Basel IV regulation will increase 
Group REA gradually starting from the beginning of 2022 until Basel IV has been fully phased in, and the 
reintroduction of the CCyB from Q3 2022 adds further distance between the 8 per cent. of TLOF and the 
“combined requirement”. All components have been translated to a percentage of the end of March 2022 Group 
REA. 
 
As illustrated in the graph, the Group fulfils both combined requirement as well as the 8 per cent. of TLOF 
expected requirements.  
 
 
 
 
 
* The DKK 5.9 billion of preferred senior debt includes SEK 3 billion (DKK 2.1 billion) of preferred senior debt issued in April 2022. 
Based on the expected REA increase in 2022/2023 primarily from changed regulation, Jyske Bank predicts a 
need for an outstanding volume of MREL eligible debt instruments in the region of DKK 18-20 billion (EUR 
2.4-2.7 billion) split between: 
 
• 
DKK 14-15 billion (~EUR 2 billion of non-preferred debt); and 
• 
DKK 4-5 billion (~EUR 0.6 billion of preferred senior debt). 
 
The predicted amount of outstanding MREL eligible instruments reflect the statutory requirements as well as an 
internal buffer to the statutory requirements. 
 
Expected Group requirement 2022

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
Leverage ratio 
 
The leverage ratio is a non-risk sensitive measure for the maximum extent of the balance-sheet leverage and is 
calculated as Tier 1 capital relative to the Group's total non-weighted exposures. The EU has opted for a binding 
leverage ratio requirement of minimum 3 per cent. which came into force on 28 June 2021. The Group Supervisory 
Board has adopted a policy for maximum leverage. To ensure a satisfactory development of the balance sheet, the 
Group's balance sheet is considered in two sub-portfolios as it is assessed that the Jyske Bank Group's banking 
and mortgage activities have different adequate leverage levels. The banking activities of the Jyske Bank Group 
involve a higher risk in respect of liquidity and capital than do the Jyske Bank Group's mortgage activities, and 
therefore a higher acceptable leverage is applied to the mortgage activities than to the banking activities. 
 
At end of March 2022, the leverage ratio for the Jyske Bank Group was 5.3 per cent. (compared to 5.2 per cent. 
end-2021 and 5.2 per cent. end-2020). 
 
Jyske Bank Group recovery plan 
 
The BRRD requires banks to draw up recovery plans which should be used in the unlikely event that the bank 
encounters serious financial trouble. Jyske Bank submitted its initial recovery plan to the Danish FSA in the 
summer of 2015. In spring 2016, the Danish FSA confirmed Jyske Bank’s recovery plan, which is designed to 
facilitate the continuity of the Jyske Bank Group’s critical business processes in the event of significant financial 
stress. The recovery plan is updated annually and contains a number of recovery options that can be undertaken. 
These have been tested against different stress scenarios to ensure that the Jyske Bank Group is able to recover 
under different circumstances. The recovery options can be divided into three different types: 
 
• 
recovery options aiming to improve the capital ratio of the Group; 
• 
recovery options aiming to improve the liquidity of the Group; and 
• 
recovery options aiming to improve the Group’s profitability by reducing the cost base, either through 
disposal or cost reductions 
 
The recovery plan includes recovery indicators, which are quantitative and qualitative indicators that monitor the 
development in capital, liquidity, profitability and asset quality of the Jyske Bank Group and in relevant macro-
economic and market-based indicators. The indicators serve as potential warnings to allow early identification of 
adverse developments in the Jyske Bank Group. As an integrated part of risk management of the Jyske Bank 
Group, the indicators are monitored and reported quarterly to the Jyske Bank Group Supervisory Board, the Jyske 
Bank Group Executive Board and the Jyske Bank Group Risk Committee, who will consider and act upon adverse 
developments.  
 
The recovery plan contains a detailed mapping of business lines, departments and functions within the Jyske Bank 
Group which enables the Danish FSA to get a complete picture of all the activities within Jyske Bank. 
 
Jyske Bank’s credit ratings  
 
Jyske Bank’s credit ratings are material to the price of funding and capital as well as to the funding flexibility in 
the form of access to a broad investor base for both longer dated preferred and non-preferred senior debt, the 
issuance of short dated commercial paper and the access to subordinated Tier 2 capital as well as Additional Tier 
1 capital. It is therefore a high priority of the Jyske Bank Group that its issuer credit ratings are on a high and 
competitive level. 
 
Each of Jyske Bank and Jyske Realkredit are rated by S&P and the issuer credit rating (“ICR”), for each entity, 
has been A/A-1 with stable outlook since 23 October 2019, following a long period (stretching back to December 
2011) with a stable ICR of A-/A-2 for each entity.  
 
Jyske Bank’s ratings were affirmed by S&P in their rating update report from 25 October 2021.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
Covered bonds issued from Jyske Realkredit’s Capital Centre E (SDO) are rated AAA. It is a key objective of the 
Group to maintain S&P's AAA rating for Jyske Realkredit’s capital centres. Jyske Bank’s and Jyske Realkredit’s 
S&P ratings as at the date of this Prospectus are as follows: 
 
 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
The Jyske Bank Group is a party to a number of legal disputes arising from its business activities. Provisions for 
legal disputes are recognised where a legal or constructive obligation has incurred as a result of past events and it 
is probable that there will be an outflow of resources that can be reliably estimated. In this case, the Jyske Bank 
Group arrives at an estimate on the basis of an evaluation of the most likely outcome. Provisions are measured at 
the present value of the anticipated expenditure for settlement of the legal or constructive obligation that reflects 
the risks specific to the obligation. 
As at the date of this Prospectus there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have, or have had in the 
past 12 months, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and/or the Jyske Bank 
Group.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
Consolidated companies in the Jyske Bank Group as at end of March 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management  
 
The Supervisory Board of Jyske Bank A/S 
Set out below is a list of the current members of the Supervisory Board of Jyske Bank and their principal 
positions outside the Jyske Bank Group as at the date of this Prospectus: 
 
Kurt Bligaard Pedersen, Director, London, chairman 
• 
Managing director, Bligaard Consult 
Rina Asmussen, Consultant, Klampenborg 
• 
Board member, PFA Invest 
• 
Board member and deputy chairman, BRFfonden, and on the board of a fully owned subsidiary 
• 
Managing director, RA-Consulting 
• 
Deputy chairman, “Fonden for håndværkskollegier” 
 
Keld Norup, Attorney-at-Law, Vejle 
• 
Chairman of the supervisory board/board member, Holmskov-gruppen, Vejle including: 
o Chairman of the supervisory board, Holmskov & Co. A/S 
o Chairman of the supervisory board, Holmskov Finans A/S 
o Chairman of the supervisory board, Holmskov Invest A/S 
o Board member, H & P Frugtimport A/S 
• 
Board member, Sole-gruppen, Vejle, including:  
o  Board member, Sole Holding ApS, Vejle, and also on the board of five fully owned subsidiaries 
o Board member, Sole Invest Aps, Hedensted and also on the board of a fully owned subsidiary 
o Board member, TP Family ApS 
o Board member, Hølgaard Ejendomme ApS and also on the board of a fully owned subsidiary 
o Board member, Solbjerg Ejendomme A/S 
o Board member, JGP Family ApS  
o Board member, Vesterby Minkfarm A/S 
• 
Managing director, Keld Norup Holding Aps 
 
Anker Laden-Andersen, Attorney-at-Law; Frederikshavn 
• 
Chairman of the of the supervisory board of Gisselfeld Kloster 
• 
Chairman of the of the supervisory board of Hirtshals Havn A / S and a wholly owned subsidiary 
• 
Chairman of the of the supervisory board of the GREAT OBERBECH-CLAUSEN-PEANS FAMILY 
FUND (Voergaard Castle) 
• 
Chairman of the of the supervisory board of Directors of Hjerl-Fonden 
31 March 2022 
Currency 
Earnings 2021 
(DKKm) 
Jyske Bank A/S 
1 
DKK 
690,000 
314.879 
276.613 
38.266 
6.308 
3.176 
Subsidiaries 
Jyske Realkredit, Kgs. Lyngby  
2 
DKK 
4,306,480 
100 
100 
369.035 
348.237 
20.798 
5.685 
1.028 
Jyske Bank Nominees Ltd., London 
 4 
GBP 
0 
100 
100 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
Inmobiliaria Saroesma S.L., Spain 
 5 
EUR 
885 
100 
100 
3 
3 
0 
0 
0 
Jyske Finans A/S, Silkeborg  
3 
DKK 
      100,000  
100 
100 
24.519 
22.977 
1.542 
1.459 
462 
Ejendomsselskabet af 01.11.2017 A/S, Silkeborg  
5 DKK 
500 
100 
100 
48 
45 
3 
4 
2 
Gl. Skovridergaard A/S, Silkeborg  
5 
DKK 
500 
100 
100 
31 
28 
3 
18 
0 
Ejendomsselskabet af 01.10.2015 ApS, Silkeborg  
5 DKK 
500 
100 
100 
106 
104 
2 
1 
1 
Jyske Invest Fund Management A/S, Silkeborg  
4 DKK 
         76,000  
100 
100 
491 
90 
401 
179 
48 
Jyske Banks Vindmølle A/S, Hobro  
5 
DKK 
400 
100 
100 
47 
26 
21 
4 
1 
Activity: 
1 Banking 
2 Mortgage-credit activities 
3 Leasing, financing and factoring 
4 Investment and financing 
5 Properties, wind turbine and course activities 
Liabilities end  
of 2021  
(DKKm) 
Voting  
share (%) 
Ownership  
share (%) 
Profit or loss  
2021,(DKKm) 
Share  
capital  
1.000 units 
Assets end of  
2021 (DKKm) 
Total equity  
end of 2021  
(DKKm)

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
• 
Board member of Grøngas Partner A / S and 2 wholly owned subsidiaries 
• 
Board member of Thoraso ApS 
• 
Board member of vanggaard Fonden (Sæby Fiske-Industri) 
• 
Managing director of ALA Advokatpartner Aps 
 
Per Schnack, Consultant, Holte 
• 
None 
 
Bente Overgaard, Hellerup 
• 
Board member of Timber Merchant Johannes Fogs Fond 
• 
Board member of SP Group A / S  
• 
Board member of the Danish Nature Fund 
• 
Managing director of Overgaard Advisory ApS 
 
Marianne Lillevang (Employee Representative) 
• 
None 
 
Johnny Toft Christensen (Employee Representative) 
• 
None 
Michael C. Mariegaard (Employee Representative) 
• 
None 
 
The Executive Board of Jyske Bank A/S 
Section 80 of the Danish Financial Business Act poses certain restrictions on the positions that members of the 
Executive Board may hold in companies outside the Jyske Bank Group. 
It is the Bank’s policy that a member of the Executive Board of the Jyske Bank Group is represented in the 
Executive Board of the subsidiaries of the Bank. Set out below is a list of the current members of the Executive 
Board of Jyske Bank and their principal positions outside the Jyske Bank Group. 
Set out below is a list of the current members of the Executive Board of Jyske Bank and their principal positions 
outside the Jyske Bank Group as at the date of this Prospectus: 
 
Anders Dam 
• 
Chairman of the supervisory board of Jyske Banks Almennyttige Fond as well as the fully owned 
subsidiary Jyske Banks Almennyttige Fonds, Holdingselskab 
• 
Deputy chairman of the supervisory board of Foreningen Bankdata F.m.b.a.  
• 
Board member, FR I af 16. september 2015 A/S 
 
Niels Erik Jakobsen  
• 
Deputy chairman of the supervisory board, Letpension Forsikringsformidling A/S 
• 
Board member, BI Holding A/S as well as the fully owned BI Asset Management, 
Fondsmæglerselskab A/S 
 
Per Skovhus  
• 
None 
 
Peter Schleidt  
• 
Chairman of the supervisory board, JN Data A/S 
 
The business address of the Supervisory Board of the Bank and the Executive Board of the Jyske Bank Group is 
Vestergade 8-16, DK-8600 Silkeborg, Denmark.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the Bank of members of the Supervisory Board 
or Executive Board and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
TAXATION 
Persons considering the purchase, ownership or disposition of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the tax consequences in the light of their particular situation. No representations with respect to the 
tax consequences of any particular Noteholder are made hereby. 
Danish Taxation 
The following is a summary description of the taxation in Denmark of the Notes according to the Danish tax laws 
in force as of the date of this Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application 
thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following assumes that the holder of the Notes 
is the beneficial owner of the Notes and payments thereon. The following summary does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or 
dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which (such as professional dealers in securities) may be subject to special rules. Potential 
investors are under all circumstances strongly recommended to contact their own tax advisor to clarify the 
individual consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of the Notes. The Issuer makes no 
representations regarding the tax consequences of purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Taxation at source 
Notes not being Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes: 
Under existing Danish tax laws, no general withholding tax or coupon tax will apply to payments of interest or 
principal or other amounts due on the Notes, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt 
in relation to the Issuer as referred to in The Danish Corporation Tax Act (Selskabsskatteloven), Consolidated Act 
no. 251 of 22 February 2021, as amended from time to time. This will not have any impact on Noteholders who 
are not in a relationship whereby they directly or indirectly control, or are controlled by, the Issuer, and where the 
Noteholders and the Issuer are not in a relationship due to joint control by a group of shareholders. 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes: 
Under existing Danish tax laws, no general withholding tax or coupon tax will apply to payments of interest or 
principal or other amounts due on the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes when such payments are not qualified as 
interest payments for Danish tax purposes. 
Resident Noteholders 
Notes not being Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes: 
Private individuals, including persons who are engaged in financial trade, companies and similar enterprises 
resident in Denmark for tax purposes or receiving interest on the Notes through their permanent establishment in 
Denmark are liable to pay tax on such interest. 
Capital gains are taxable to individuals and corporate entities in accordance with the Danish Capital and Exchange 
Gains Act (Kursgevinstloven), Consolidated Act no. 1283 of 25 October 2016, as amended from time to time. 
Gains and losses on Notes held by corporate entities are generally taxed in accordance with a mark-to-market 
principle (lagerprincippet), i.e. on an unrealised basis. 
Gains and losses on Notes issued to individuals are generally taxed on a realised basis. The net gains are taxed as 
capital income at a rate of up to 42 per cent. in 2022. However, this tax rate does not apply if the individual is 
engaged in financial trade and considered a professional trader. The gain or loss will only be included in the 
taxable income when the net capital gain or loss for the year on all debt claims, debt denominated in foreign

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
currency and investment certificates in bond-based investment funds subject to the minimum taxation exceeds a 
total of DKK 2,000 (2022 level).  
A variety of features regarding interest and principal may apply to the Notes. The applicable taxation of capital 
gains to corporate entities or individuals will depend on the features applicable to the Notes in question. 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes: 
Private individuals, including persons who are engaged in financial trade, companies and similar enterprises 
resident in Denmark for tax purposes or receiving interest on the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes through their 
permanent establishment in Denmark are liable to pay tax on such interest. For private individuals the income is 
taxed as personal income and not as capital income. 
According to advance tax rulings (in Danish: bindende svar) from the Danish Tax Assessment Council (in Danish: 
Skatterådet) published in May 2020 and July 2021 it was ruled that capital gains on Additional Tier 1 capital 
instruments (such as the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) are not taxable to individuals or corporate entities, unless 
the relevant holder of such instrument is engaged in financial trade with such instruments or have acquired such 
instruments due to speculation. 
Non-resident Noteholders 
Notes not being Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes: 
Under existing Danish tax laws, payments of interest or principal amounts to any non-resident Noteholder are not 
subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt in relation to 
the Issuer as referred to under “Taxation at source” above. Thus no Danish withholding tax will be payable with 
respect to such payments and any capital gain realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note will not be 
subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt in relation to 
the Issuer as referred to under “Taxation at source” above. 
This tax treatment applies solely to Noteholders who are not subject to full tax liability in Denmark or included 
in a Danish joint taxation scheme and do not carry on business in Denmark through a permanent establishment to 
which the Notes are allocated. 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes: 
Under existing Danish tax laws, payments of interest or principal amounts to any non-resident Noteholder in 
respect of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes are not subject to taxation in Denmark when such payments are not 
qualified as interest payments for Danish tax purposes. Thus no Danish withholding tax will be payable with 
respect to such payments, and any capital gain realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of an Additional 
Tier 1 Capital Note will not be subject to taxation in Denmark. 
This tax treatment applies solely to Noteholders in respect of Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes who are not subject 
to full tax liability in Denmark or included in a Danish joint taxation scheme and do not carry on business in 
Denmark through a Danish permanent establishment to which the Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes are allocated. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and 
Slovakia (together, the “participating Member States”) and Estonia. However, Estonia has since stated that it 
will not participate.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) 9 Regulation (EC) No. 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party 
is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution 
may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, 
including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore 
be altered prior to implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional European Union Member 
States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice 
in relation to the FTT. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. 
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Denmark) 
have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not 
be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application 
of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and 
may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after 
the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register 
and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if 
additional Notes (as described under Condition 17 or VPS Condition 14, as the case may be) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are 
subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered 
prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Noteholders should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 10 May 2022 (the “Programme 
Agreement”) agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
other than VPS Notes” or the “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”, as the case may be. In the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act.Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Programme 
Agreement, it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part 
of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes 
of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US 
persons and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of the Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes 
are a part, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to US tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a US person, except in certain transactions permitted by US tax regulations. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations 
promulgated thereunder. 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to European Economic 
Area Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each member state of the European Economic Area (each, a 
“Member State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
that Member State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus 
as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable” in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation), in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in the 
United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will also 
be required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and  
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any of the Notes directly or 
indirectly in Denmark by way of a public offering, unless in compliance with, as applicable, the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Danish Consolidated Act no. 2014 of 1 November 2021 on Capital Markets, as amended, and 
Executive Orders issued thereunder and in compliance with Executive Order No. 191 of 31 January 2022, as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, issued pursuant to the Danish Financial Business Act.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to such Dealer that the Prospectus has been 
filed with the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and 
will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes of the relevant Series in Norway or to residents of Norway 
except: 
(a) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for a total 
consideration to not less than €100,000 per investor, or in respect of Notes whose denomination per unit 
amounts to at least €100,000; 
(b) 
to “professional investors” (in Norwegian: profesjonelle kunder) as defined in Section 10-6 of the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no.75; 
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than “professional investors” as defined in section 10-6 
of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no.75); or 
(d) 
in any other circumstances provided that no other such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for the 
registration or the publication by the Issuer of a prospectus pursuant to the Norwegian Securities Trading 
Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75. 
Notes denominated in Norwegian Krone (NOK) may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the 
Kingdom of Norway or to or for the benefit of Norwegian purchasers, unless such Notes are registered with 
Euronext VPS (Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) or another central securities 
depository which is properly authorised or recognised by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as being 
entitled to register such bonds pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and 
Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of and, otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in the Sections 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of 
the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither 
this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or 
otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses 
or distributes this Prospectus or any advertisement or other offering material and will obtain any consent, approval 
or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries 
and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that any Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional restrictions 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details 
of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark (as this term is defined 
in the EU Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark administrator]. As at the 
date of these Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] [appears/does not appear] on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark (as this term is defined in the EU Benchmarks Regulation)] 
[does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation/the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) - [To insert notice if classification of the 
Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment 
Products  (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]”.]13 
 
Final Terms dated [] 
Jyske Bank A/S 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 3M5E1GQGKL17HI6CPN30 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the U.S.$8,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes/Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] set forth in the Prospectus dated 10 May 
2022 [and the supplemental Prospectus dated []] ([together,] the “Prospectus”) which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with the Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Prospectus is 
available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin and during normal business hours copies may be obtained 
from Jyske Bank A/S, Vestergade 8-16, DK-8600 Silkeborg, Denmark. The Final Terms are available for viewing 
at the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue of Notes which is being increased was 
issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date] 
                                                     
13 Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of 
the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of [the Terms and Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated [30 August 2018/11 June 2019/24 August 2020/18 May 2021]/the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the supplemental Prospectus dated 12 
March 2021] and incorporated by reference into the Prospectus dated 10 May 2022. This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 10 May 2022 [and the supplemental 
Prospectus dated []] ([together,] the “Prospectus”), which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Prospectus is available 
for viewing on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for 
a period of 12 months following the date of the Prospectus and during normal business hours copies may be 
obtained from Jyske Bank A/S, Vestergade 8-16, DK-8600 Silkeborg, Denmark. The Final Terms are available 
for viewing at the website of Euronext Dublin. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Jyske Bank A/S 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[] 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[]] 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [] on []/the Issue Date/exchange 
of the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
[24 below] [which is expected to occur on or about 
[]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
[] 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[] 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent), or, if applicable to an issue 
of VP Notes, all trades in the Notes as well as the 
initial subscription amount for the Notes shall be a 
minimum of €100,000 (or equivalent))

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”) 
(Note - the following paragraph  will apply in the case 
of VP Notes only:  
[All trades in the Notes as well as the initial 
subscription shall be in a minimum amount of 
[currency][amount]. A Noteholder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less 
than [currency][amount] will not be able to sell the 
remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of the Notes at or in excess of 
[currency][amount] such that its holding amounts to 
[currency][amount] or above.]) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
[(ii)] 
Trade Date: 
[] 
[(iii)] 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.)

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
[The Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed 
date for redemption. The Issuer may only redeem the 
Notes at its discretion in the circumstances described 
in the Conditions.] 
(N.B. Only applicable to Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Fixed Rate Reset] 
 
[[] month [EURIBOR/CIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
+/- [] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [14/15/16/17] below)  
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will each be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount] 
[(See paragraph 8 above)] (N.B. only applicable to 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes) 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14, 15 or 
16 below and identify there] / [Not Applicable] 
12. 
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[(see paragraph 18 below)] 
13. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Preferred Senior/Non-Preferred 
Senior/Subordinated/Additional Tier 1 Capital] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/[]] in arrear] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [and []] in each year from and including [], 
up to and including the Maturity Date

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] []/[Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]) 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
(vi) 
Calculation 
Agent 
responsible for calculating 
the Interest Amount(s) (if 
not The Bank of New 
York 
Mellon, 
London 
Branch): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Determination Dates: 
[] [and []] in each year / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon) 
15. 
Fixed Rate Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Rate(s) of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/[]] in arrear] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [and []] in each year from and including [], 
up to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(iii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] []/[Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)])

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
(v) 
Determination Dates: 
[] [and []] in each year / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon) 
(vi) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not 
The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Reset Date(s): 
[] 
(viii) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate(s): 
[Mid-Swap Rate/Reference Bond] 
(ix) 
Margin: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate/Not 
Applicable] 
− 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Maturity: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
− 
Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[] per cent.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
 
− 
Reset 
Period 
Maturity 
Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
Reset 
Period 
Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[] per cent. 
− 
Last 
Observable 
Mid-
Swap Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Screen 
Page: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(Select ‘Not Applicable’ if Reference Bond is 
applicable) 
(xiv) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Time: 
[] 
(xv) 
Reset Determination Date: 
The []th Business Day prior to the commencement 
of the applicable Reset Period  
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(Interest Period(s) and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. Interest Period(s), rather than 
Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the 
Floating Rate Convention. Otherwise, insert “Not 
Applicable”) 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set out 
in (v) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (v) below is specified to 
be Note Applicable]] 
 
(Interest Period(s) and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the Floating Rate Convention, insert 
“Not Applicable”) 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[]

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[] in each year, not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (v) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(viii) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s) (if not The 
Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[[] month [EURIBOR/CIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR]] 
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
− 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
selected below, note that “Administrator/Benchmark 
Event”, “Generic Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent 
Alternative Rate Determination” are not workable in 
a notes context. Amendments will therefore need to be 
made to the Conditions which will require a 
drawdown prospectus for the issue) 
− 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is 
a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions))  
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
− 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period) 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on 
market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/ [Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[]

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[30/360]  
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION  
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Outstanding Principal 
Amount] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remainder of this 
subparagraph) 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
(N.B. When setting the notice period, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent)

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
 
19. 
Trigger Event Threshold: 
[[] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes) 
20. 
Loss Absorption Minimum Amount: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes) 
21. 
MREL Disqualification Event Redemption 
Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Preferred Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Outstanding Principal 
Amount] 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons, 
upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, a 
Capital Event, a MREL Disqualification 
Event or an Enforcement Event, as the case 
may be: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Outstanding Principal 
Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].” )

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
[Global Certificate registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held 
under the NSS)]] 
 
Other: 
 
[VP Notes] 
 
[VPS Notes] 
25. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
26. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraphs 16(vi) relates) 
27. 
MREL Substitution/Variation Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Preferred Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
28. 
Tier 2 Substitution/Variation Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Subordinated Notes) 
29. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
(Specify “Yes” if the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments. Otherwise, specify “No”) 
30. 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions of Condition [4] 
apply] 
 
Signed on behalf of Jyske Bank A/S: 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING 
(i) 
Listing: 
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be listed on the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin. 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[]] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[] 
 
2 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated [] by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(“S&P”). 
 
S&P is established in the European Union and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended). 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the ratings 
provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
3 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
 
4 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the Offer: 
[General Banking Purposes/Green Bonds/Issuer’s Capital 
Base/Give details] 
(ii) 
Estimated Net Proceeds: 
[] 
5 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[] per cent.] 
 
6 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is/are not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”) 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
[VP Securities A/S, 
Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8, 
DK-1402 Copenhagen K, 
Denmark] 
[The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain information, 
including accountholder information, from the registers 
maintained by the VP for the purpose of performing its 
obligations under the issue of VP Notes.] 
[Verdipapirsentralen ASA, Norway 
Euronext VPS Identification number [ ]] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[]

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Notes which 
are to be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper] [Include this text for 
Registered Notes]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
7 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes 
may 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on 
the Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only, in the case of Bearer 
Notes, to the issue of a Temporary Global Note initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the relevant Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
2. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the United Kingdom and 
Denmark in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. The establishment of the 
Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the Supervisory Board of Directors of the Issuer 
passed on 28 October 1997 and the update and increase of the statutory maximum of the programme was 
duly authorised by a resolution of the Supervisory Board of Directors passed on 19 February 2008. 
3. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Group since 31 
March 2022 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the 
Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2021. 
4. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) as at the date of this Prospectus which may have, or 
have had in the past 12 months, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer 
and/or the Group. 
5. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, the VP and 
Euronext VPS (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code 
and ISIN (and any other relevant financial instrument codes, such as CFI and FISN) for each Tranche 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If 
the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
6. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg, the address of 
the VP is Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8, DK-1402 Copenhagen K, Denmark and the address of Euronext VPS 
is Fred Olsens Gate 1, 0152 Oslo, Norway. The address of any alternative clearing system will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
There are no material contracts entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business which could 
result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
8. 
Where information in this Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
9. 
For a period of 12 months following the date of this Prospectus, copies of the following documents (and 
English translations where the documents in question are not in English) will, when published, be 
available for inspection from https://investor.jyskebank.com/: 
(i) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement, the VPS Agency Agreement, the Declaration of Direct Rights and the 
forms of (a) the Global Notes, (b) the Global Certificate, (c) the Certificates and Notes in 
definitive form and (d) the Coupons and the Talons;

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
 
(iii) 
a copy of this Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
any future prospectuses and supplements, including the Final Terms of each issue. 
The document specified in sub-paragraph (i) above is a direct English translation of the Danish language 
original. In the event that there are any inconsistencies or discrepancies between the Danish language 
version and the English translation thereof, the original Danish language version shall prevail. 
In addition, this Prospectus, any supplementary prospectus and each Final Terms will also be available 
at the website of Euronext Dublin. 
10. 
Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionpartnerselskab of Papirfabrikken 26, DK-8600 Silkeborg, Denmark, 
State Authorised Public Accountants and members of Foreningen af Statsautoriserede Revisorer, have 
audited the Issuer’s accounts, without qualification, which were prepared in accordance with the Danish 
Financial Business Act and the Group’s accounts, without qualification, which were prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and also 
in accordance with additional Danish disclosure requirements for listed financial companies, for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2019. Ernst & Young P/S of Godkendt Revisionspartnerselskab, 
Osvald Helmuths Vej 4, DK-2000 Frederiksberg, Denmark, State Authorised Public Accountants and 
members of Foreningen af Statsautoriserede Revisorer, are the current auditors of the Issuer, having been 
elected at the Annual General Meeting on 16 June 2020, and have audited the Issuer’s accounts, without 
qualification, which were prepared in accordance with the Danish Financial Business Act and the 
Group’s accounts, without qualification, which were prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and also in accordance with additional Danish 
disclosure requirements for listed financial companies, for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
11. 
Some of the Dealers and their affiliates may have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment 
banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with the Issuer or its affiliates. 
They may have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these 
transactions. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates 
may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. 
12. 
The Irish Listing Agent is Walkers Listing Services Limited and the address of its registered office is 5th 
Floor, The Exchange, George’s Dock, IFSC, Dublin 1, D01 W3P9, Ireland. Walkers Listing Services

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
 
Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the Notes and is 
not itself seeking admission of the Notes to trading on the Regulated Market. 
13. 
The language of this Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
14. 
In this Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (each, a “URL”) are inactive 
textual references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of any such website or 
URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Prospectus.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
 
REGISTERED AND HEAD OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Jyske Bank A/S 
Vestergade 8-16 
DK-8600 Silkeborg 
Denmark 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Jyske Bank A/S 
Vestergade 8-16 
DK-8600 Silkeborg 
Denmark 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg  
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
Finland 
ISSUING AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING 
AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT, 
SAFEKEEPER AND TRANSFER AGENT 
REGISTRAR, PAYING AGENT 
AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
 
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building, Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
VP AGENT 
VPS Agent 
Jyske Bank A/S 
Vestergade 8-16 
DK-8600 Silkeborg 
Denmark 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge 
Essendrops gate 7 
N-0368 Oslo 
Norway

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALERS 
as to English law 
as to Danish law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Gorrissen Federspiel Advokatpartnerselskab 
 Axeltorv 2 
DK-1609 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
as to Norwegian law 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
Tjuvholmen Allé 16 
NO-0252 Oslo 
Norway 
AUDITORS 
Ernst & Young P/S 
Godkendt Revisionspartnerselskab 
Osvald Helmuths Vej 4 
DK-2000 Frederiksberg 
Denmark 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George's Dock, IFSC 
Dublin 1, D01 W3P9 
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP 
UKO2: 2004143069.10