--- Page 1 ---
K2A Knaust & Andersson 
Fastigheter AB (publ) 
 
Base Prospectus 
MTN Programme 
 
 
This Base Prospectus was approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on 21 
May 2021. 
 
The validity of this Base Prospectus will expire 12 months after the date of its approval, 
provided that it is completed by any supplement required pursuant to Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The Issuer’s obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when this 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
1 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
In this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), the “Issuer” means K2A Knaust & Andersson Fastigheter AB (publ), K2A 
Knaust & Andersson Fastigheter AB (publ) together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries (the “Group”), or a subsidiary 
in the Group, depending on the context. Words and expressions defined in the general terms and conditions for the MTN 
Programme (the “General Terms and Conditions”) and the final terms for the applicable Notes issued under the MTN 
Programme (the “Final Terms”) shall have the same meaning when used in this Base Prospectus, unless expressly stated 
otherwise or follows from the context. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer in relation to the programme for issuance of notes in Swedish kronor 
(“SEK”) or euro (“EUR”) (the “Notes”) with different maturities but with a minimum term of one (1) year (the “MTN 
Programme”). Notes may be issued in a minimal nominal amount of EUR 100,000 or the equivalent amount in SEK. The 
Issuer has undertaken towards the Dealers that the aggregate Nominal Amount of all Notes outstanding under the MTN 
Programme shall not exceed SEK 3 000 000 000 (or equivalent amount in EUR). The Issuer and the Dealers may agree to 
increase or decrease such amount.  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the standards and requirements of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council (the “Regulation”), supplemented by Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/979 and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (jointly, the “Prospectus Regulations”). This Base 
Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) (the “SFSA”) as 
the competent authority under the Regulation. Approval and registration by the SFSA do not imply that the SFSA guarantees 
that the information provided in the Base Prospectus is correct and complete.  
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in any country where such distribution or disposal requires additional 
prospectus, registration or additional measures or is contrary to the rules and regulations in such country. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus comes or persons who acquire the Notes are therefore required to inform 
themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any U.S. state securities laws and are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under the Securities Act). The Issuer has not undertaken 
to register the Notes under the Securities Act or any U.S. state securities laws or to affect any exchange offer for the Notes 
in the future. Furthermore, the Issuer has not registered the Notes under any other country’s securities laws. It is the 
investor’s obligation to ensure that the offers and sales of Notes comply with all applicable securities laws.  
Unless otherwise explicitly stated, no information contained in this Base Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by the 
Issuer’s auditors. Certain financial information in this Base Prospectus may have been rounded off and, as a result, the 
numerical figures shown as totals in this Base Prospectus may vary slightly from the exact arithmetic aggregation of the 
figures that precede them. This Base Prospectus shall be read together with all documents that are incorporated by 
reference and possible supplements to this Base Prospectus.  
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors and each potential investor in the Notes must determine the 
suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should (i) have sufficient 
knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and 
the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; (ii) have 
access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an 
investment in the Notes and the impact other Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; (iii) have sufficient financial 
resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes; (iv) understand thoroughly the General Terms 
and Conditions and the applicable Final Terms; and (v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial 
advisor) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
The Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer’s current views or expectations 
with respect to future events and financial and operational performance. The words “intend”, “estimate”, “expect”, “may”, 
“plan”, “anticipate” or similar expressions regarding indications or forecasts of future developments or trends, which are not 
statements based on historical facts, constitute forward-looking information. Although the Issuer believes that these 
statements are based on reasonable assumptions and expectations, the Issuer cannot give any assurances that such 
statements will materialise. Because these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, 
the outcome could differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking statement. 
Factors that could cause the Issuer’s and the Group’s actual operations, result or performance to differ from the forward-
looking statements include, but are not limited to, those described in section “Risk factors”. The forward-looking statements 
included in this Base Prospectus apply only to the date of the Base Prospectus. The Issuer undertakes no obligation to 
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, 
other than as required by law. Any subsequent forward-looking information that can be ascribed to the Issuer and the Group 
or persons acting on the Issuer behalf is subject to the reservations in or referred to in this section. 
This Base Prospectus is governed by Swedish law. Disputes concerning, or related to, the contents of this Base Prospectus 
shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Sweden. The District Court of Stockholm (Sw. Stockholms 
tingsrätt) shall be the court of first instance.

--- Page 3 ---
2 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
1 
DESCRIPTION OF THE MTN PROGRAMME ......................................................... 3 
2 
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION ..................................................................................... 8 
3 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................... 12 
4 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............. 24 
5 
THE ISSUER AND ITS OPERATIONS .................................................................. 72 
6 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND AUDITOR ................... 76 
7 
OTHER INFORMATION ........................................................................................ 81 
8 
ADDRESSES ........................................................................................................ 84

--- Page 4 ---
3 
1 
DESCRIPTION OF THE MTN PROGRAMME  
This section contains a general and broad description of the MTN Programme. It 
does not claim to be comprehensive or cover all details of the MTN Programme 
or the Notes and potential investors should therefore carefully consider this Base 
Prospectus as a whole, including the documents incorporate by reference before 
a decision is made to invest in the Notes.   
1.1 
General information 
The Issuer has established this MTN Programme for the purpose of issuing Notes 
up to a total amount of SEK 3 000 000 000 (or equivalent amount in EUR) or 
such other amount that the Dealers and the Issuer may agree. The Issuer’s board 
of directors resolved to establish the MTN Programme and this Base Prospectus 
on 20 May 2021. 
The Notes may be issued with different maturities but with a minimum term of 
one (1) year. The Notes may be issued in SEK or EUR with fixed interest rate or 
floating interest rate. The Notes may be issued in a minimal nominal amount of 
EUR 100,000 or the equivalent amount in SEK.  
Notes issued under this MTN Programme are governed by the General Terms 
and Conditions together with the applicable Final Terms. The General Terms and 
Conditions apply to all Notes issued under this MTN Programme. The applicable 
Final Terms in respect of Notes are specified in relation to the Notes on the basis 
of the form of final terms set out in section “Form of Final Terms” below. The 
applicable Final Terms must be read together with the General Terms and 
Conditions. The Final Terms specify, among other things, the Issue Date, the 
basis for interest calculation and the Maturity Date. Final Terms in relation to 
each Note Series issued under this MTN will also be available on the Issuer’s 
website (www.k2a.se). 
Offers to purchase or otherwise acquire Notes under this MTN Programme are 
not directed to Persons whose participation in such offer(s) requires any 
additional prospectus, registration or additional measures other than those which 
follow from Swedish law for such offer(s) made in Sweden. Purchases or other 
acquisitions of Notes under this MTN Programme in contrary to the above will be 
deemed null and void. 
The Issuer has appointed Nordea Bank Abp and Swedbank AB (publ) as Dealers 
under the MTN Programme. Additional Dealers may be appointed and Dealers 
may withdraw from its appointment. The Dealers have not verified and are not 
responsible for the contents of this Base Prospectus.  
1.2 
Green Notes  
The Issuer may issue Green Notes and shall maintain a green finance 
framework. The relevant Green Finance Framework shall at all times be 
published on the Issuer’s webpage and the Issuer shall ensure that an amount 
equivalent to the proceeds from any Notes specified as “Green Notes” in the 
applicable Final Terms are applied in accordance with the relevant Green 
Finance Framework. 
The Issuer may, from time to time, amend its Green Finance Framework. Any 
amendments to the Green Finance Framework effectuated after the Issue Date

--- Page 5 ---
4 
of the relevant Green Notes will not benefit or apply to Green Notes already 
issued prior to such amendment. 
If the Issuer fails to comply with the relevant Green Finance Framework at any 
time, it shall not constitute an Event of Default under any circumstance and such 
non-compliance will not entitle any Noteholder to any form of compensation or to 
otherwise redeem, repurchase or accelerate the Green Notes prior to its 
specified Maturity Date. 
1.3 
Form of the Notes, clearing and settlement 
The Notes constitute debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), each of the type 
set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. 
The Notes are issued in dematerialised book-entry form and will be registered for 
the Noteholders on their respective Securities Account. Accordingly, the Notes 
will be maintained by the CSD (initially Euroclear Sweden AB) and registered in 
accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and no physical notes 
will be issued. Payments in respect of the Notes will be made and settled through 
the CSD’s book-entry system. Each Note Series is given a specific loan 
identification number (ISIN) in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Notes are freely transferable, but Noteholders may be subject to purchase 
or transfer restrictions with regard to the Notes under local laws to which such 
Noteholder may be subject (due to, e.g. its nationality, its residency, its registered 
address or its place(s) of business). The Notes have not been, and will not be, 
registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction. 
1.4 
Admission to trading 
An application for admission to trading of the Notes on Nasdaq Stockholm or any 
other Regulated Market may be made in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. The applicable Regulated Market will carry out its own assessment of the 
application and will approve or reject the admission to trading.  
1.5 
Tax  
The following summary outlines the Issuer’s understanding of certain Swedish 
tax consequences relating to Noteholders, if not otherwise stated. The summary 
relates only to the position of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of 
the Notes. It may not apply to certain classes of persons such as Dealers. The 
summary is based on the laws of Sweden as currently in effect and is only 
intended to provide general information and does not constitute legal or tax 
advice. This summary does not address the rules regarding reporting obligations 
for, among others, payers of interest. Prospective investors are urged to consult 
their professional tax advisers regarding the Swedish tax and other tax 
consequences (including the applicability and effect of double taxation treaties) 
of holding or transferring Notes. 
Noteholders not resident in Sweden 
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest 
for Swedish tax purposes to any Noteholder should not be subject to Swedish 
income tax, provided that such holder is neither (i) resident in Sweden for 
Swedish tax purposes nor (ii) engaged in trade or business in Sweden through a 
permanent establishment to which the Notes are effectively connected. A private

--- Page 6 ---
5 
individual is resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes if he/she (a) is 
domiciled in Sweden; (b) has his/her habitual abode in Sweden; or (c) earlier has 
been domiciled in Sweden and after having moved abroad continues to have an 
essential connection with Sweden (for example, is engaged in trade or business 
in Sweden).   
Swedish law does not provide for deduction or withholding for or on account of 
taxes on payments of any principal or interest to any Noteholder not resident in 
Sweden for tax purposes.   
Private individuals (and estates after private individuals) who are not resident in 
Sweden for tax purposes may be liable for capital gains taxation in Sweden upon 
disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on the 
classification of the particular financial instrument for Swedish income tax 
purposes, if they have been resident in Sweden or have stayed permanently in 
Sweden at any time during the calendar year of disposal or redemption or the ten 
calendar years preceding the year of disposal or redemption. 
Noteholders resident in Sweden 
Generally, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of 
deceased individuals) with residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, all 
capital income (e.g. income that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax 
purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable with 30 % for individuals 
and 20,6 % for companies. Specific tax consequences, however, may apply to 
certain categories of corporations (e.g. investment companies and life insurance 
companies).  
If the Notes are registered with Euroclear Sweden or held by a Swedish nominee 
in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (SFS 
1998:1479), Swedish preliminary taxes are withheld by Euroclear Sweden or the 
nominee on payments of amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish 
tax purposes to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) with 
residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes. If the notes are floating rate 
notes no withholding will however be made by Euroclear for notes sold during 
the term. 
1.6 
Costs  
The Issuer is responsible for all costs associated with the admission to trading of 
Notes under this MTN Programme, such as (but not limited to) the costs of 
producing this Base Prospectus, admission to trading, documentation and fees 
to Euroclear Sweden AB and the applicable Regulated Market.  
1.7 
Status 
The Notes will constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and 
without any preference among them and at least pari passu with all other direct, 
general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, 
except obligations which are preferred by mandatory regulation and except as 
otherwise provided in the Note Terms.

--- Page 7 ---
6 
1.8 
Sales, price and interest  
Primary sales will take place through the Dealers receiving issue and trade 
instructions from the Issuer. The price of and the interest applicable to the Notes 
cannot be established in advance but is set in connection with the relevant issue 
in the basis of the prevailing market conditions. The Notes may be issued at a 
price equivalent to, below or above the relevant Nominal Amount. The market 
price of the Notes depend on several factors, one of which is the interest rate 
applicable to other investments with a corresponding term.  
The yield on a Note is a function of the price at which the Note is acquired, the 
interest applicable to the relevant Note and any other costs attributable to the 
acquisition of the Note (including any brokerage costs). 
1.9 
Credit rating 
If any Note Series has received (or will receive) a credit rating such credit rating 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. A credit rating is a rating that an 
independent rating agency (such as Nordic Credit Rating, Moody’s, Standard & 
Poor’s and Fitch’s) can assign a borrower in respect of its creditworthiness and 
its ability to fulfil its financial obligations. 
As of the day of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not received a credit rating 
from any rating agency. 
1.10 
Prescription 
The right to receive repayment of the principal of Notes issued under the MTN 
Programme shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the relevant 
Maturity Date (or other Redemption Date, if earlier). The right to receive payment 
of interest (excluding any capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become 
void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. If a limitation period 
is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. 
preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with 
respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes, and of 
three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest (excluding capitalised 
interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of 
the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the 
Swedish Act on Limitations. 
1.11 
Representation of the Noteholders 
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) is acting as Agent for the Noteholders in 
relation to the Notes and any other matter within its authority or duty in 
accordance with the General Terms and Conditions.  
By acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such appointment and 
authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf, on the terms, including rights and 
obligations of the Agent, set out in the General Terms and Conditions.  
1.12 
Governing law 
The Note Terms, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the

--- Page 8 ---
7 
laws of Sweden. Disputes shall be settled by Swedish courts. The City Court of 
Stockholm shall be the court of first instance.  
1.13 
Determinations to invest in the Notes 
Investing in the Notes involves substantial risks and prospective investors should 
refer to section “Risk Factors” to review certain material risk factors factors that 
they should carefully consider before deciding to invest in the Notes.  
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors and each potential 
investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of 
its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful 
evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and 
the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement;  
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to 
evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment 
in the Notes and the impact other Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio;  
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of 
an investment in the Notes;  
(iv) understand thoroughly the General Terms and Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms; and  
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) 
possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 9 ---
8 
2 
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION  
This section contains a general description of the construction and terms 
applicable to an issue of Notes under this MTN Programme. The final 
constructions and terms of each Note Series are set out in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
2.1 
Interest construction  
Under this MTN Programme and in accordance with Clause 6 (Interest) of the 
General Terms and Conditions, the Notes may be issued with fixed interest rate 
or floating interest rate. The applicable interest rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
2.1.1 
Fixed interest rate 
For Note Series with a fixed interest rate, the Note Series shall bear interest on 
its Nominal Amount at the Interest Rate from (but excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
Accrued interest for a Note Series with a fixed rate interest rate shall be paid in 
arrears on each Interest Payment Date and is calculated using the Day Count 
Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2.1.2 
Floating interest rate 
For Note Series with a floating interest rate, the Note Series shall bear interest 
on its Nominal Amount from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
For Note Series with a floating interest rate, the Interest Rate applicable to each 
respective Interest Period is determined by the Agent on the respective Quotation 
Day as the Base Rate for such period plus the Margin as adjusted by any 
application of Clause 15 (Replacement of Base Rate) of the General Terms and 
Conditions. If the Base Rate and the Margin for the relevant period is below zero 
(0), the Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero (0). 
Accrued interest for a Note Series with a floating rate interest rate shall be paid 
in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and is calculated using the Day Count 
Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2.2 
European Benchmark Regulation 
Floating interest rate payable on Notes issued under this MTN Programme may 
be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks, being STIBOR and EURIBOR, 
as defined in the General Terms and Conditions. STIBOR is provided by Swedish 
Financial Benchmark Facility AB and EURIBOR is provided by the European 
Money Market Institute. The European Money Market Institute is registered in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/11 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the 
“Benchmark Regulation”). However, at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB does not appear in the register. As far 
as the Issuer is aware, the provisions of Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation 
apply, such that Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB is not yet required to 
obtain such authorisation or registration.

--- Page 10 ---
9 
Should a Base Rate Event occur, Clause 15 (Replacement of Base Rate) of the 
General Terms and Conditions contains for certain standardised fall-back 
provisions to secure that there is an Alternative Base Rate or Successor Base 
Rate in order to maintain transparent and predictable calculation metrics of 
relevant benchmarks for Note Series with a floating interest rate construction. 
2.3 
Day Count Convention 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the following Day Count 
Conventions in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest under a Note 
Series will be used for the calculation of interest under this MTN Programme: 
 “30/360”:  the amount shall be calculated using a year of 360 days comprising 
twelve months of 30 days each, and in the case of a fraction of a month using 
the actual number of days of the month that have passed; and 
“Actual/360”: the amount shall be calculated using the actual number of days in 
the relevant period divided by 360. 
2.4 
Redemption and repurchases of the Notes 
2.4.1 
Redemption at Maturity Date 
The Nominal Amount of the Notes (together with accrued interest, if any) falls 
due for repayment on the Maturity Date as specified in the Final Terms. Should 
the Maturity Date fall on a date which is not a Business Day, the Notes will be 
repaid on the following Business Day.  
2.4.2 
Repurchase of Notes by a Group Company 
The Issuer and any other Group Company may, subject to applicable regulations, 
at any time and at any price purchase Notes on the market or in any other way. 
Notes held by the Issuer or any other Group Company may at their discretion be 
retained or sold, but not cancelled, except in connection with a full redemption or 
repurchase of all the Notes under a Note Series. 
2.4.3 
Early voluntary total redemption (call option) 
The Final Terms for a Note Series may specify a right for the Issuer to redeem 
all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes under that Note Series in full on 
any Business Day prior to the Maturity Date for such Note Series. Such Notes 
shall be redeemed at the time and the price specified in such Final Terms 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest. 
If the right to a voluntary total redemption (call option) is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall give no less than fifteen 
(15) Business Days’ notice to the Noteholders and the Agent, in each case 
calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall 
specify the Redemption Date, the redemption price and also the Record Date on 
which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due 
on such Redemption Date. 
2.4.4 
Early redemption due to illegality (call option) 
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Notes under a 
relevant Note Series at an amount per Notes equal to the Nominal Amount 
together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a Redemption Date determined by

--- Page 11 ---
10 
the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations 
under the Note Terms. 
If such illegality occurs and the Issuer elects to redeem the outstanding Notes, 
the Issuer shall give no less than twenty (20) Business Days after having received 
actual knowledge of any event specified therein. The notice from the Issuer shall 
specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall 
be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption 
Date. 
2.4.5 
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a De-Listing Event 
(put option) 
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Noteholders and the Agent upon 
becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a De-Listing 
Event. 
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a De-Listing Event, each 
Noteholder shall during a period of thirty (30) Business Days from the effective 
date of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or the De-Listing 
Event, as the case may be, have the right to request that all, or some only, of its 
Notes under the relevant Note Series be repurchased at a price per Note equal 
to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid 
Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of 
the Change of Control Event or the De-Listing Event, as the case may be. 
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to the first paragraph under this section 2.4.5 
shall specify the period during which the Noteholders’ may exercise their put 
option, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a 
Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a 
Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in 
the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person 
designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase 
amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the 
Issuer. The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days 
after the end of the thirty (30) Business Day-period referred to above. 
2.5 
Undertakings  
The General Terms and Conditions contain a number of undertakings that 
restricts the ability of the Issuer and the other Group Companies, including, 
among others: 
• 
restrictions on disposals of assets; 
• 
restrictions on distributions; 
• 
restrictions on Financial Indebtedness, Market Debt and guarantees; 
• 
restrictions on mergers; 
• 
restrictions on making any substantial changes to the general nature of 
the business carried out by the Group; 
• 
undertaking to have the Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
(if applicable in the Final Terms); 
• 
undertaking to maintaining adequate insurances;

--- Page 12 ---
11 
• 
undertaking to keep properties in a good state of repair and maintenance; 
and 
• 
undertaking that as long as any Note is outstanding, the Equity Ratio is 
equal to or higher than fifteen (15%) per cent. at all times and the Interest 
Coverage Ratio is equal to or higher than one point twenty-five (1.25) at 
all times. 
Each of these undertakings is subject to significant exemptions and 
qualifications. See the General Terms and Conditions for more information.

--- Page 13 ---
12 
3 
RISK FACTORS  
In this section, the risk factors which the Issuer considers to be material risks 
relating to the Issuer and the Notes are illustrated. The Issuer’s assessment of 
the materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their occurrence 
and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The assessment of the 
materiality of each risk factor is illustrated with a rating of low, medium or high. 
The description of the risk factors below is based on information available and 
estimates made on the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factors 
in a category are presented first under that category. Subsequent risk factors in 
the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or probability of 
occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, 
such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk 
factor. 
RISK FACTORS SPECIFIC AND MATERIAL TO THE ISSUER 
3.1 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activities and the real property 
industry and market  
3.1.1 
Changes in property value  
The Group’s properties are reported at fair value in accordance with IFRS. The 
fair value of the properties amounted to MSEK 6,447 as of 31 March 2021. The 
value is affected by a number of factors, such as (including but not limited to) 
operating costs, occupancy level, permitted use of the properties, required return 
and cost of capital. Unrealised value changes may have significant impact on the 
Issuer’s net profit and could also affect financial commitments included in some 
of the Issuer’s loan agreements (financial covenants). Furthermore, the property 
value is affected by supply and demand on the property market, and property 
valuations are mainly dependent on the properties’ expected operating surplus 
and a potential buyer’s required return. The return is further dependent on, inter 
alia, the Issuer’s ability to fulfil the intended objectives of the properties which 
mainly consists of rental, and in some cases sales, of the properties as well as 
the costs and expenses associated to development and renovation of the 
properties. The fair value of the properties and the tenants’ solvency, which may 
affect the Issuer’s rental income, is also generally affected by general conditions 
in the economy, such as the GDP growth (Sw. bruttonationalprodukt), 
employment rate, inflation, changes in interest rate levels and amortisation 
requirements.  
Decreased property values may, if materialised, negatively affect the Issuer’s 
financial position and could also result in the Issuer or a Group Company not 
being able to meet its financial covenants included in its respective loans 
facilities, which in turn could result in a loan facility being accelerated prior to 
maturity unless remedied.  
The Issuer deems the probability of risks relating to decreased property value 
materialising to be medium. If the risks would materialise, the Issuer considers 
the potential negative impact to be medium.

--- Page 14 ---
13 
3.1.2 
Risks associated with the Issuer’s projects 
The risks associated with construction, management and development of 
properties include, but are not limited to, constructional faults, necessary 
conversions for housing purposes, delayed planning processes and time 
schedules, hidden defects, deficiencies and other damages and pollution, and 
increased construction costs in general. These risks apply to both construction 
and development of properties, as well as for property management. Regarding, 
for example, pollution and hidden defects there is a risk that these problems are 
not noticed until after completion of the project, which might negatively affect the 
Issuer.  
Furthermore, the Issuer is dependent on suppliers for deliveries of material and 
customised solutions in connection with the Issuer’s construction of housings. 
For example, the Issuer is dependent on a few bathroom suppliers for the 
deliveries of customised bathrooms to the Issuer’s apartment units. If a specific 
supplier is unable to fulfil its obligation to supply the right equipment with the right 
quality and at the right time, or if the cooperation with a certain supplier is 
terminated or not well-functioning, it can lead to significant delays in the Issuer’s 
construction projects. If agreements with important suppliers were to be 
terminated at short notice, there is also a risk that the Issuer will not be able to 
engage another supplier on the same terms or at such short notice which may 
lead to increased costs and delays.  
The risks above may, if materialised, lead to delays in planned and ongoing 
projects, as well as higher costs for construction, development and management 
of the properties, which in turn could lead to decreased earnings. The Issuer 
deems the probability of risks related to the Issuer’s construction projects 
materialising to be medium. If the risks would materialise, the Issuer considers 
the potential negative impact to be medium. 
3.1.3 
Risks associated with own production 
The construction projects developed by the Issuer are performed by the Issuer’s 
subsidiary Grännäs Trähus AB. In Grännäs Trähus AB’s two factories, located in 
Valdemarsvik and in Gävle, apartment units are manufactured. If the factories 
were to be destroyed, forced to close, or if any equipment in the factories were 
to be seriously damaged, the production may be hindered or discontinued. The 
Issuer’s counterparties in construction projects may be dependent on scheduled 
deliveries, and subcontractors or other parties engaged by the Issuer for 
construction may in turn be forced to redirect their production or their deliveries 
as a result of the Issuer’s delays. By extension, this could lead to claims against 
the Issuer. To the extent unforeseen outages, damages or other events 
disturbing the construction chain are not fully covered by an insurance, this could 
lead to increased costs and decreased earnings.    
As of 31 March 2021, the Issuer had 105 employees at the factories in 
Valdemarsvik and Gävle. There is a risk that the Issuer has made incorrect 
calculations of future production volumes due to misinterpretation of market 
trends, general economic downturn or other factors. If the demand for the Issuer’s 
construction projects decreases, the Issuer may have to terminate employees or 
change its production strategy or business model. Dismissal of employees may 
also damage the Issuer’s reputation since the Issuer is locally involved in

--- Page 15 ---
14 
Valdemarsvik and Gävle, and as the Issuer’s sustainability strategy is based on 
being a long-term and attractive employer.  
The Issuer has through its subsidiary Grännäs Trähus AB entered into a lease 
agreement regarding production premises in Gävle which will expire in 
September 2022. The lease agreement contains an option for a three-year 
extension of the lease. There is a risk that the landlord terminates the Issuer’s 
lease agreement with short notice and that the Issuer will not be able to extend 
the existing agreement or to enter into a new lease agreement under the same 
terms effective as on the date of this Base Prospectus. If the Issuer is not able to 
extend the lease agreement this could lead to reduced or discontinued 
production of apartments which in turn could lead to delays in the Issuer’s 
construction projects. Furthermore, changed lease terms could lead to increased 
costs for the Issuer. 
If the above risks are materialised, either individually or in combination, it could 
lead to delays, increased costs and decreased earnings, negatively affecting the 
Issuer’s profit. The Issuer deems the probability of risks related to the Issuer’s 
own production materialising to be medium. If the risks would materialise, the 
Issuer considers the potential negative impact to be medium. 
3.1.4 
Risks due to COVID-19 
The outbreak of COVID-19 has had a general negative effect on the global 
economy which may cause delays from the Issuer’s suppliers and which could 
have a negative effect on the Issuer’s projects. Additionally, if the pandemic’s 
effects increase or the pandemic continues over a prolonged period of time, with 
continuing negative effect on the Swedish economy, a part of the Issuer’s tenants 
may not be able to pay rent in accordance with their lease contracts due to the 
pandemic’s effect on their employment or businesses. In turn, this could lead to 
higher vacancy levels as well as reduced property value.  
The risks associated with COVID-19 may, if materialised, lead to delayed 
projects and have a negative effect on the Issuer’s earnings and financial 
position. The Issuer deems the probability of above mentioned risks materialising 
to be low. If the risks would materialise, the Issuer considers the potential 
negative impact to be high.  
3.1.5 
Risks due to rental value and rental income 
The Issuer is a real estate company mainly focused on development and 
production of rental housing, student housing and properties for public use, as 
well as long-term ownership and management of such properties. The rental 
income from the Issuer’s properties for public use are normally based on 
marketable rent. For newly produced housings on the other hand, the rent can 
be determined (i) by agreement with tenants’ associations regarding the 
housing’s utility value (Sw. bruksvärdeshyra), (ii) by agreement with the tenants’ 
associations regarding presumption rent (Sw. presumtionshyra) and (iii) by the 
landlord determining the rent. The Issuer is dependent on the tenants paying the 
agreed rents when due, and that the rent levels are reasonable to not risk that 
the rents are being subject to procedures at the rent tribunal (Sw. 
hyresnämnden). If tenants do not perform in accordance with their lease 
agreements it could have a negative effect on the Issuer’s earnings.

--- Page 16 ---
15 
Before initiating new projects, the Issuer estimates which rent level it may obtain 
after the project is completed. When producing new housings, agreements with 
tenants are normally not signed before the project is initiated meaning that there 
is a risk that the occupancy level will not meet the estimations made by the Issuer. 
Furthermore, the rent has normally not been negotiated with the tenants’ 
association when the project is initiated, meaning that there is a risk that the 
rental income will be less than the Issuer estimated beforehand which may affect 
the projects’ profitability and the valuation of the properties. The estimated rent 
may also turn out to be calculated on incorrect bases and assumptions, which 
may result in the actual rental incomes being lower than estimated, affecting the 
investment’s profitability.    
The Issuer is also exposed to risks related to single tenants. In Kiruna for 
example, the Issuer owns a property for public use rented by the Institute of 
Space Physics (Sw. Institutet för rymdfysik) and Luleå University of Technology 
(Sw. Luleå tekniska universitet) amongst others. As of 31 March 2021, the annual 
rental value for this property was MSEK 12.1 per year, which corresponds to 
approximately 4.8 per cent. of the Group’s total rental value. If important single 
tenants were to terminate their lease agreements, it could lead to lower 
occupancy levels and reduced rental incomes, and as a result lower fair values 
for the properties.  
Above mentioned risks related to rental value and rental income may, if they are 
materialised, have a negative effect on the Issuer’s earnings and financial 
position. The Issuer deems the probability of the risks materialising to be low. If 
the risks would materialise, the Issuer considers the potential negative impact to 
be low. 
3.1.6 
Risks related to increased operating and maintenance costs 
The Issuer’s properties are rented by private individuals as well as commercial 
and public actors. The responsibility for operating and maintenance costs is 
regulated in the lease agreements. Operating and maintenance costs may, for 
example, refer to the costs of electricity, water, heat and cleaning as well as costs 
due to maintain the buildings’ standard in the long term. The Issuer is also 
responsible for the technical operations of its properties which might be affected 
by constructional faults and other defects and damages. 
The lease agreements between the Issuer and commercial or public actors 
normally stipulate that the rent should be adjusted to the same extent as the 
Issuer’s operating and maintenance costs changes. However, this is not 
generally the case for lease agreements with private individuals. In such lease 
agreements it is normally stipulated that the landlord is responsible for the 
increased costs. Approximately 80 per cent. of the Issuer’s total lettable area as 
of 31 March 2021 consisted of rental apartments rented by private individuals 
meaning that there is a risk of increased operating and maintenance costs for the 
Issuer. If the Issuer is not able to compensate for such increased costs through 
renegotiation of the lease agreements, it could have a negative impact on the 
Issuer’s earnings. 
If the above risks are materialised it could lead to increased costs for the Issuer, 
which in turn would have a negative effect on the Issuer’s financial position and 
profit. The Issuer deems the probability of the risks relating to increased operating

--- Page 17 ---
16 
and maintenance materialising to be low. If the risks would materialise, the Issuer 
considers the potential negative impact to be low.  
3.1.7 
Dependence on retaining and recruiting key employees  
The Issuer is dependent on about twelve key employees. These employees have 
extensive knowledge of the property market and the Issuer’s operations. The 
experience and commitment of these employees are important for the Issuer’s 
future development. In addition to current employees, the Issuer also needs to 
recruit new employees with special skills or experience in order to expand further.  
If the Issuer fails to recruit new employees, or if key employees leave the Issuer 
and suitable and experienced replacements cannot be recruited, this could have 
a negative effect on the Issuer's ability to conduct its operations. The Issuer 
deems the probability of such risks materialising to be low. If the risks would 
materialise, the Issuer considers the potential negative impact to be low. 
3.1.8 
Risks associated with the Issuer’s geographical concentration of properties 
The supply and demand for properties, and consequently the valuation of 
properties, varies between different geographical markets which could develop 
differently. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has projects in many 
parts of Sweden but mainly in and around university and college (Sw. högskola) 
cities.  
The demand may decrease in the geographical markets the Issuer operates in, 
even if the demand does not decrease in Sweden as a whole. Reduced demand 
may lead to lower occupancy levels, less opportunity to increase the rent levels 
or reduced property values. 
A decreased demand for properties on the Issuer’s geographical markets may 
result in decreased earnings and a negative effect on the Issuer’s financial 
position and profit. The Issuer deems the probability of above mentioned risks 
materialising to be low. If the risks would materialise, the Issuer considers the 
potential negative impact to be low. 
3.1.9 
The Issuer may lose the right to label its properties with a Nordic Swan Ecolabel 
The Issuer has an environmental profile and uses wood as the main building 
material. In December 2017, the Issuer received a license from Ecolabelling 
Sweden AB (Sw. Miljömärkning Sverige), which issues the environmental 
certification Nordic Swan Ecolabel (Sw. Svanenmärket). The Issuer’s 
environmental profile also results in the opportunity to obtain so-called 
sustainable financing. 
There is a risk that the Issuer’s production of residences will not meet the 
requirements for labelling the residences with a Nordic Swan Ecolabel, or that 
existing Nordic Swan Ecolabelled residences, in retrospect, prove not to live up 
to the environmental requirements. 
If this risk materialise it could have a negative effect on the Issuer’s reputation 
and, as a result, its operations and earnings. The Issuer deems the probability of 
such risks materialising to be low. If the risks would materialise, the Issuer 
considers the potential negative impact to be medium.

--- Page 18 ---
17 
3.2 
Legal and regulatory risks 
3.2.1 
Environmental risks  
Property management and investments implies potential environmental risks. 
The Swedish Environmental Code (Sw. miljöbalken (1998:808)) states that 
business operators that have contributed to pollution are responsible for 
remediation of the relevant polluted property. If the responsible person or entity 
is unable to remediate a polluted property, the person or entity acquiring the 
property, under certain circumstances, is liable for remediation. Since the Issuer 
from time to time acquires properties as part of its operations, claims for 
remediation of polluted or environmentally damaged property could be directed 
at the Issuer for remediation. For example, asbestos has been identified during 
the renovation of a building in Örebro. 
Further, since many of the Issuer's properties are used for residential purposes, 
the Issuer normally must conduct its operations in accordance with higher 
environmental requirements than what would be the case if the properties were 
used for other purposes. This results in a higher risk of being obliged to remediate 
properties in order to be able to use the properties for residential purposes. 
However, as most of the Issuer’s properties are acquired from Swedish 
municipalities, the Issuer's deems the probability of being forced to take 
remediation measures due to previous owners’ pollution to be lower than usual. 
The Issuer's conclusion is based on the fact that municipalities should be able to 
remediate possible pollutions under their responsibility. For example, this has 
been the case on two properties in Gävle and Sundsvall. The respective 
municipalities have in these cases been forced and accepted to remediate the 
properties due to pollution.  
If these risks materialise it could result in increased costs for the Issuer. The 
Issuer deems the probability of environmental risks materialising to be low. If the 
risks would materialise, the Issuer considers the potential negative impact to be 
medium. 
3.2.2 
Dependency on cash flow from its subsidiaries 
The Issuer is a holding company and the Group’s operations are made through 
its subsidiaries. The Issuer is hence dependent on its subsidiaries in order to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes. The transfer and distribution of funds to the Issuer 
from its subsidiaries may be restricted or prohibited by legal and contractual 
requirements applicable to the respective subsidiary. Additionally, the Group 
Companies are separate legal entities and have no obligations to fulfil the 
Issuer’s obligations towards its creditors unless otherwise agreed. If the 
subsidiaries do not provide dividend income, or due to other circumstances, 
conditions, laws or other regulations are prevented from providing liquidity 
distributions to the Issuer, there is a risk that the Issuer will not be able to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes or other financial commitments. 
The Issuer deems the probability of such risks materialising to be low. If the risks 
would materialise, the Issuer considers the potential negative impact to be low.

--- Page 19 ---
18 
3.3 
Risks related to the Issuer’s and the Group’s financing 
3.3.1 
Liquidity risks – project development 
Liquidity risk in relation to the Issuer’s projects developments is the risk that liquid 
assets, in addition to available external financing, of the Issuer are not sufficient 
to finance ongoing projects, acquisitions and operations. In order to continue to 
grow the business and expand its operations and investments, access to liquid 
funds are necessary to such an extent that several projects can be started and 
run in parallel. 
If the Issuer does not have sufficient liquidity to fulfil its ongoing projects this could 
result in decreased growth and expansion as well as increased costs and 
penalties, hence affect the Issuer’s financial position. The Issuer deems the 
probability of such risks materialising to be low. If the risks would materialise, the 
Issuer considers the potential negative impact to be medium. 
3.3.2 
Liquidity risks – amortisations and interest due 
Liquidity risk in relation to amortisations and interest due is the risk that the liquid 
assets of the Issuer are not sufficient or not available to meet its payment 
obligations at the relevant maturity date without increasing the cost of obtaining 
such necessary liquidity. The Issuer is dependent on available liquidity in order 
to fulfil its obligations including, inter alia, paying interest and amortization costs 
related to its financing.  
If the Issuer does not have sufficient liquidity to fulfil its obligations, this could 
result in increased costs and penalties, hence affect the Issuer’s financial 
position. The Issuer deems the probability of such risks materialising to be low. 
If the risks would materialise, the Issuer considers the potential negative impact 
to be high. 
3.3.3 
Interest rates risk 
Changed interest rates will affect the Issuer's interest expenses, which represent 
the Issuer's single largest cost item. Interest rate changes could result in changed 
fair values of the Issuer’s properties, changes in cash flow and fluctuations in the 
Issuer's profit. The Issuer is exposed to interest rate risks due to its interest-
bearing liabilities. 
Since most of the Issuer’s operations concern rental for residential purposes, 
which is inherently associated with rigid rent levels, it may cause difficulties for 
the Issuer to increase its revenues to compensate for higher interest costs. This 
could result in the Issuer having less opportunity to pay interest and amortisation 
costs related to its financings, resulting in a risk that the Issuer is in breach of its 
or a Group Company’s loan facility agreements.  
The Issuer has entered into interest rate hedging agreements in accordance with 
the Issuer’s financial policy which partially reduces the Issuer’s exposure to 
floating rates and thereby increased interest rates. However, if the interest rates 
decrease below the fixed swap rate the hedging agreements result in higher 
costs than what floating interest rates would entail as well as negative value 
changes of the fair value of the hedging agreements. The net interest costs (Sw. 
räntenetto) were MSEK 67.9 during the last twelve month period (1 April 2020 to

--- Page 20 ---
19 
31 March 2021), according to the Issuer’s financial report for the first quarter 
2021. Based on an interest sensitivity analysis (Sw. känslighetsanalys 
räntekostnader) regarding cash flow in the same report, a +- 1 % change would 
affect the Group’s cash flow during the last twelve month period (1 April 2020 to 
31 March 2021) with approximately -+ MSEK 21. 
The Issuer deems the probability of such risks materialising to be low. If the risks 
would materialise, the Issuer considers the potential negative impact to be 
medium. 
3.3.4 
Refinancing risks 
Refinancing risks refer to, inter alia, the risks of increased funding costs and 
unavailability to refinance existing loan facilities.  
The Issuer’s total project development and investment costs exceed the Issuer’s 
cash and cash equivalents, while the cash flow from the investment properties is 
not enough to finance the Issuer’s new production. The Issuer’s operations are 
therefore partly financed by externally provided debt capital. The required capital 
for financing of both development of existing properties and future acquisitions is 
and will be provided by banks and other financial institutions. As of 31 March 
2021, the Group's interest-bearing liabilities amounted to MSEK 4,181, of which 
MSEK 777 will be due during 2021. 
If the Issuer cannot refinance its loans in full or in part or a refinancing is made 
with increased funding and/or margin costs, it might have a negative effect on 
the Issuer’s possibilities to repay its debts and its operations and earnings. The 
Issuer deems the probability of such risks materialising to be low. If the risks 
would materialise, the Issuer considers the potential negative impact to be high. 
3.3.5 
Risks associated with investment support 
The Issuer occasionally applies for and is granted investment support in 
accordance with the ordinance on investment support for rented housing and 
student accommodation (Sw. Förordning (2016:881) om statligt investeringsstöd 
för hyresbostäder och bostäder för studerande). Future political decisions may 
amend the ordinance, changing the prerequisites necessary to meet in order to 
be granted the support. The investment support may also be reduced or even 
abolished in the future. 
Amendments in the investment support regulations could lead to the Issuer not 
being granted investment support to the same extent as in the past, or at all, 
which could negatively affect the Issuer’s earnings and financial position. The 
Issuer deems the probability of risks related to the investment support for rented 
housing and student accommodation materialising to be medium. If the risks 
would materialise, the Issuer considers the potential negative impact to be 
medium.

--- Page 21 ---
20 
RISK FACTORS SPECIFIC AND MATERIAL TO THE NOTES  
3.4 
Risks relating to the value of the Notes and the bond market 
3.4.1 
Risk related to listing of the Notes, liquidity and the secondary market 
The Final Terms of a Loan may include an undertaking for the Issuer to ensure 
that the Notes under a Loan are admitted to listing on the relevant Regulated 
Market within certain stipulated time periods, as set out in the Final Terms of the 
relevant Loan. However, the Issuer is dependent upon Nasdaq Stockholm’s or 
another Regulated Markets approval (as applicable) to be able to list the Notes 
under the relevant Loan. 
Thus, there is a risk that the Notes under the relevant Loan will not be admitted 
to listing in time, or at all. If the Issuer fails to procure listing in time, Noteholders 
holding 
such 
Notes 
on 
an 
investment 
savings 
account 
(Sw. 
ISK/Investeringssparkonto) will no longer be able to hold the Notes under the 
relevant Loan on such account, thus affecting such Noteholder’s tax situation. If 
the Issuer fails to procure listing in time, or at all, there is a high risk that a liquid 
market for trading in the Notes under the relevant Loan will not exist. 
Even if the Notes (if required) are admitted to listing on Nasdaq Stockholm or 
another Regulated Market, the Notes, which will have a nominal value of at least 
EUR 100,000 (or an equivalent amount in SEK), may not always be actively 
traded, and there is a risk that there will not always be a liquid market for trading 
in the Notes. This may result in the Noteholders not being able to sell their Notes 
when desired or at a price level which allows for a profit comparable to similar 
investments with an active secondary market. Lack of liquidity in the market may 
have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes. Further, the nominal 
value of the Notes may not be indicative compared to the market price of the 
Notes. It should also be noted that during a given time period it may be difficult 
or impossible to sell the Notes on reasonable terms, or at all, due to, for example, 
severe price fluctuations, close down of the relevant market or trade restrictions 
imposed on the market. 
The Issuer deems the probability of risks related to listing of the Notes, liquidity 
and the secondary market materialising to be medium. If the risks would 
materialise, the Issuer considers the potential negative impact to be medium. 
3.4.2 
Interest rate risks 
The value of the Notes will depend on several factors, one of the most significant 
in the long term being the market interest rates.  
Notes issued with a floating rate are issued as FRNs (Floating Rate Notes). The 
coupon is calculated on the basis of an interest rate corresponding to the interest 
rate base plus the interest rate base margin, where the interest rate base is 
adjusted before each interest rate period whilst the interest rate base margin is 
fixed throughout the term. If the interest rate base, for example, is constituted of 
STIBOR 3 months, it is the market’s perception of the development of the 3-
month interest rates, in connection with the interest rate base margin, that 
constitutes the basis for calculating the market value of the placement. A 
changed expectation in the market regarding at what level the interest rate base

--- Page 22 ---
21 
will be set at when determining the interest rate in the future will, hence, risk 
lowering the market value on Notes issued with a floating rate. 
Investments in Notes issued with fixed interest rate involve a risk that the market 
price of such Notes may be negatively affected as a result of changes in the 
market interest rates. Generally, longer term of the securities means a higher 
risk. 
The Issuer deems the probability of interest rate risks materialising to be medium. 
If the risks would materialise, the Issuer considers the potential negative impact 
to be medium. 
3.4.3 
European Benchmarks Regulation 
The process for determining interest-rate benchmarks, such as STIBOR and 
EURIBOR, is subject to a number of statutory rules and other regulations. Some 
of these rules and regulations have already been implemented, whilst some are 
due to be implemented in the near future. The most extensive initiative in this 
respect is the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the 
European parliament and of the council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014) (“the Benchmark Regulation”). 
The Benchmark Regulation came into force on 1 January 2018 and addresses 
the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to benchmarks and 
the use of benchmarks within the European Union. The effect of the Benchmark 
Regulation cannot yet be fully determined due, among other things, to the limited 
period in which the regulation has applied. There is a risk that the Benchmark 
Regulation will affect how certain benchmarks are determined and how they will 
develop which, in turn, could lead to increased volatility in relation to STIBOR 
and EURIBOR and, thus, in relation to the interest rate of the Notes. There is 
also a risk that increased administrative requirements may discourage 
stakeholders from participating in the production of benchmarks, or that some 
benchmarks cease to be provided. If this were to happen in respect of STIBOR 
and EURIBOR it could potentially be detrimental to the Noteholders. More 
specifically, should STIBOR and/or EURIBOR be discontinued or cease to be 
provided, the General Terms and Conditions provides for an alternative 
calculation of the interest rate for the Notes. There is a risk that such alternative 
calculation results (including the determination of any Alternative Base Rate 
and/or Successor Base Rate) in interest payments less advantageous for the 
Noteholders or that such interest payment do not meet market interest rate 
expectations. 
The Issuer deems the probability of risks related to European Benchmarks 
Regulation materialising to be medium. If the risks would materialise, the Issuer 
considers the potential negative impact to be medium. 
3.5 
Risks relating to the nature of the Notes 
3.5.1 
Credit risk towards the Issuer  
The Notes will constitute unsecured debt obligations of the Issuer and the 
Noteholders will carry a credit risk relating to the Issuer and the Group. The 
Noteholders’ ability to receive payment under the Notes is therefore dependent

--- Page 23 ---
22 
on the Issuer’s ability to meet its payment obligations, which in turn is dependent 
upon the performance of the Group’s operations and its financial position and 
also, the availability of capital. There is a risk that the Group’s financial position 
is affected by several factors, which have been mentioned above. An increased 
credit risk is likely to cause the market to charge the Notes a higher risk premium, 
which can affect the Notes’ value negatively. Further, if the Issuer’s financial 
position deteriorates, it is likely to affect the Issuer’s possibility to receive debt 
financing at the time of the maturity of the Notes. There is a risk that this could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
The Issuer deems the probability of the credit risk materialising to be low. If the 
risk would materialise, the Issuer considers the potential negative impact to be 
high. 
3.5.2 
Risk related to the Notes being unsecured 
The Notes will constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and 
without any preference among them and at least pari passu with all other direct, 
general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, 
except obligations which are preferred by mandatory regulation and except as 
otherwise provided in the Loan Terms. Thus, a Noteholder will normally receive 
payment after any creditor with secured assets or other creditor with higher 
ranking claims in the event of the Issuer’s liquidation, company reorganisation or 
bankruptcy. Consequently, a Noteholder may not recover any or full value in the 
event of the Issuer’s liquidation, bankruptcy or company reorganisation. Each 
investor should be aware that by investing in the Notes, it risk losing the entire, 
or part of, its investment. 
The Issuer deems the probability of risks related to the Notes being unsecured 
materialising to be low. If the risks would materialise, the Issuer considers the 
potential negative impact to be high. 
3.5.3 
Risks relating to insolvency of subsidiaries and structural subordination  
A significant part of the Issuer’s revenues relate to the Issuer’s subsidiaries. In 
the event of the insolvency or liquidation of (or a similar event relating to) one of 
the Issuer’s subsidiaries all creditors of such subsidiary would be entitled to 
payment in full out of the assets of such subsidiary before the Issuer (as a 
shareholder) would be entitled to any payments. Thus, the Notes will be 
structurally subordinated to the liabilities of the subsidiaries and there is a 
significant risk, should a subsidiary be subject to, inter alia, an insolvency or 
liquidation proceeding, that the Issuer will not be entitled to any payments.  
The Issuer and its assets may not be protected from any actions by the creditors 
of a subsidiary, whether under bankruptcy law, by contract or otherwise. 
The Issuer deems the probability of risks related to insolvency of subsidiaries and 
structural subordination materialising to be low. If the risks would materialise, the 
Issuer considers the potential negative impact to be low.

--- Page 24 ---
23 
3.5.4 
Risks related to green notes 
The Final Terms of a Loan may specify that the Notes issued are defined as 
"green" according to the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework. The Issuer’s green 
finance framework, as well as market practice for green notes, may be amended 
and develop after the Issue Date of the Green Notes under the relevant Loan, 
thus affecting any of the requirements applicable to the Issuer in respect of any 
Green Notes issued thereafter. The Issuer’s failure to comply with the Green 
Finance Framework does not constitute an event of default under the Loan Terms 
and would not permit the Noteholders under the relevant Loan to exercise any 
early redemption rights or receive any other type of compensation for non-
compliance with the Green Finance Framework. There is however a risk that a 
failure to comply with the Green Finance Framework could have a material 
adverse effect on the market value of the Green Notes under the relevant Loan 
due to investors perceiving the Green Notes as a less favourable investment.  
On 22 June 2020 the taxonomy regulation was published (Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment) (the 
“Taxonomy 
Regulation”). 
The 
Taxonomy 
Regulation 
entails 
stricter 
requirements in terms of assessing sustainable investments. The Taxonomy 
Regulation will partly come into force from 1 January 2022 and 1 January 2023. 
As of the day of this Base Prospectus, the effects of the Taxonomy Regulation 
are difficult to determine. There is a risk that the Taxonomy Regulation will affect 
the assessment of Green Notes and that Green Notes, once the Taxonomy 
Regulation has come into force, will no longer fulfil the requirements necessary 
for them to be defined as “green”. 
The Issuer deems the probability of risks related to Green Notes materialising to 
be low. If the risks would materialise, the Issuer considers the potential negative 
impact to be low.

--- Page 25 ---
24 
4 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
General terms and conditions for notes issued under K2A Knaust & 
Andersson Fastigheter AB (publ)’s MTN programme 
 
The following general terms and conditions (the “General Terms and 
Conditions”) shall apply to Note Series which K2A Knaust & Andersson 
Fastigheter AB (publ), Reg. No. 556943-7600 (the “Issuer”) issues on the capital 
market under this MTN programme (the “MTN Programme”) by issuing notes in 
SEK or EUR with varying terms and tenor, however not less than one year 
(“Notes”). For each Note Series, Final Terms are prepared that includes 
supplementary terms and conditions which, together with these General Terms 
and Conditions, constitute the complete terms for each Note Series. 
 
1 
Definitions and Construction 
1.1 
Definitions 
In these General Terms and Conditions: 
“Account Operator” means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as 
an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and 
through which a Noteholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its 
Notes. 
“Accounting Principles” means the international financial reporting standards 
(IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted 
or amended from time to time). 
“Adjusted Nominal Amount” means, with respect to a Note Series, the Total 
Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Notes under the Note Series 
owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person 
is directly registered as owner of such Notes. 
“Administrative Agent” means: 
(a) 
if a Note Series is raised through two or more Issuing Dealers, the Issuing 
Dealer appointed by the Issuer to be responsible for certain 
administrative tasks in respect of that Note Series as set out in the Final 
Terms; and 
(b) 
if a Note Series is raised through only one Issuing Dealer, the Issuing 
Dealer in respect of that Note Series. 
“Affiliate” means (i) an entity controlling or under common control with the Issuer, 
other than a Group Company, and (ii) any other Person or entity owning any 
Notes (irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such 
Notes) that has undertaken towards a Group Company or an entity referred to in 
item (i) to vote for such Notes in accordance with the instructions given by a 
Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i). For the purposes of this 
definition, “control” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to 
direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of an entity, whether 
through ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.

--- Page 26 ---
25 
“Agency Agreement” means the agency agreement for all Note Series issued 
under the MTN Programme entered into on or before the date of these General 
Terms and Conditions, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement 
agency agreement entered into after such date between the Issuer and an agent. 
“Agent” means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Reg. No. 556882-1879, or 
another party replacing it as Agent, in accordance with these General Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Base Rate” means in respect of a Note Series with floating interest rate, the 
interest base (STIBOR or EURIBOR) stated in the Final Terms for that Note 
Series or any reference rate replacing STIBOR or EURIBOR in accordance with 
Clause 15 (Replacement of Base Rate). 
“Base Rate Administrator” means Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (in 
relation to STIBOR) and European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) (in relation 
to EURIBOR) or any person replacing it as administrator of the Base Rate. 
“Business Day” means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public 
holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. 
julafton) and New Year’s Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this 
definition be deemed to be public holidays. 
“Capital Securities” means: 
(a) 
the Issuer’s up to SEK 750,000,000 subordinated perpetual green 
floating rate callable capital securities with ISIN SE0015407507; and 
(b) 
any other subordinated debt instruments (Sw. hybridobligation) issued by 
the Issuer which, entirely or partly, shall be or is permitted to be 
accounted for as equity in accordance with the Accounting Principles at 
the date of issuance of the relevant subordinated debt instrument(s). 
“Change of Control Event” means the occurrence of an event or series of 
events whereby one or more Persons, not being any of the Main Shareholders 
or Main Shareholder Companies, acting in concert, acquire control over the 
Issuer and where “control” means: 
(a) 
acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of 
the voting shares of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove all or a majority of the 
directors of the board of directors of the Issuer. 
 “Compliance Certificate” means a compliance certificate substantially in the 
form set out in Schedule 2 (Form of Compliance Certificate) hereto.  
“CSD” means the Issuer’s central securities depository and registrar in respect 
of the Notes, Euroclear, or another party replacing it, as CSD, in accordance with 
these General Terms and Conditions. 
“CSD Regulations” means the CSD’s rules and regulations applicable to the 
Issuer, the Agent and the Notes from time to time. 
“Day Count Convention” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest under a Note Series, that: 
(a) 
if the day count convention “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the amount shall be calculated using a year of 360 days

--- Page 27 ---
26 
comprising twelve months of 30 days each, and in the case of a fraction 
of a month using the actual number of days of the month that have 
passed; and 
(b) 
if the day count convention “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the amount shall be calculated using the actual number of 
days in the relevant period divided by 360. 
“Dealers” means Nordea Bank Abp and Swedbank AB (publ) and such other 
dealer appointed for this MTN Programme in accordance with Clause 14.4 but 
only for so long as such dealer has not resigned as a dealer. 
“Debt Register” means the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in 
respect of the Notes in which (i) an owner of Notes is directly registered or (ii) an 
owner’s holding of Notes is registered in the name of a nominee. 
“De-Listing Event” means the occurrence of an event or series of events 
whereby:  
(a) 
the shares (including both ordinary share and Preference Shares) of the 
Issuer (i) cease to be listed on Nasdaq Stockholm or (i) trading of the 
Issuer’s listed shares on Nasdaq Stockholm is suspended for a period of 
fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days; or 
(b) 
the Notes (subsequent to having been listed in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms and pursuant to Clause 10.2.1) cease to be listed 
and/or admitted to listing on the Corporate Bond List or Sustainable Bond 
List of Nasdaq Stockholm (as applicable) or any other Regulated Market 
(however, taking into account the rules and regulations (as amended from 
time to time) of Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market on 
which the Notes are admitted to listing or listed, as applicable, and the 
CSD preventing trading in the Notes in close connection with the 
redemption of the Notes). 
“Equity” means the aggregate book value of the Group’s total equity on a 
consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report in respect of the 
Group. 
“Equity Ratio” means, at any time, the ratio of Equity to Total Assets. 
“EURIBOR” means: 
(a) 
the euro interbank offered rate administered by the relevant Base Rate 
Administrator for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period (before 
any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) 
displayed on page EURIBOR01 of the Thomson Reuters screen (or any 
replacement Thomson Reuters page which displays that rate) as of or 
around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day, or on the appropriate page of 
such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time 
in place of Thomson Reuters;  
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period 
according to paragraph (a), the rate determined by the Administrative 
Agent by interpolation between the two closest rates displayed on 
Reuters Screen EURIBOR01 (or through another system or website 
replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Quotation 
Day for the offering of deposits in Euro; or 
(c) 
if no interest rate as described in (b) is available for the relevant Interest 
Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal

--- Page 28 ---
27 
places), as supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by 
the by leading banks in the Stockholm interbank market, for deposits of 
EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant period; or 
(d) 
if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (c), the interest rate 
which, according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative 
Agent, best reflects the interest rate for deposits in EUR offered for the 
relevant Interest Period. 
“Euro” or “EUR” means the single currency of the member states of the European 
Union that adopts or has adopted, and in each case continues to adopt, the euro 
as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union 
relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Sweden AB, Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 
191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden. 
“Event of Default” means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 11 
(Events of Default and Acceleration of the Notes). 
“Finance Charges” means, for the Reference Period, finance charges (Sw. 
räntenetto) according to the latest Financial Report.  
“Final Terms” means, in respect of a Note Series, the final terms prepared for 
that Note Series. 
“Financial Indebtedness” means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
moneys borrowed (including under any bank financing or Market Debt);  
(b) 
the amount of any liability under any finance leases (a lease which in 
accordance with the Accounting Principles is treated as an asset and a 
corresponding liability);  
(c) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than on a non-recourse basis, 
provided that the requirements for de-recognition under the Accounting 
Principles are met); 
(d) 
any other transaction (including the obligation to pay deferred purchase 
price) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being 
classified as borrowing under the Accounting Principles;  
(e) 
the marked-to-market value of derivative transactions entered into in 
connection with protection against, or benefit from, fluctuation in any rate 
or price (if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-
out, such amount shall be used instead); 
(f) 
any counter-indemnity obligations in respect of guarantees or other 
instruments issued by a bank or financial institution; and  
(g) 
without double-counting, liabilities under guarantees or indemnities for 
any of the obligations referred to in paragraphs (a) to (f) above. 
“Financial Instruments Accounts Act” means the Swedish Central Securities 
Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument). 
“Financial Report” means the annual audited consolidated financial statements 
of the Group, the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer, or the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group or 
the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, in each case

--- Page 29 ---
28 
prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles, which shall be prepared 
and made available according to Clause 9.1 (Information from the Issuer). 
“First Issue Date” means, in respect of a Note Series, the date specified in the 
Final Terms for that Note Series. 
“Force Majeure Event” has the meaning set forth in Clause 20 (Force Majeure 
and Liability). 
“Framework Amount” is the framework amount of this MTN Programme, which 
the Issuer and the Dealers agree on from time to time. 
“Green Finance Framework” means the Issuer’s green finance framework from 
time to time, and as further specified and in force as at the date set out in the 
Final Terms of a Note Series. 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a “Group 
Company”). 
“Incurrence Test” means the Equity Ratio being equal to or higher than twenty 
(20.00) per cent. 
“Insolvent” means, in respect of a relevant Person, that it is deemed to be 
insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within 
the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. 
konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other relevant jurisdiction) 
suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial 
difficulties commences negotiations with all or substantially all of its creditors 
(other than the Noteholders and creditors of secured debt) with a view to 
rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under 
the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw. lag (1996:764) om 
företagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject 
to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation. 
“Interest” means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clause 
6 (Interest). 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, in respect of a Note Series, the date 
specified in the Final Terms for that Note Series. 
“Interest Coverage Ratio” means (i) the Management Profit minus costs for 
central administration (Sw. central administration hänförligt till förvaltning) 
according to the latest Financial Report to (ii) Finance Charges. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the Final Terms for that 
Note Series. 
“Interest Period” means, in respect of a Note Series, the period specified in the 
Final Terms for that Note Series. 
“Interest Rate” means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Note Series with fixed interest rate, the interest rate 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Note Series with floating interest rate, the interest rate 
calculated in accordance with Clause 6.2 (Floating interest rate).

--- Page 30 ---
29 
“Issue Date” means, in respect of a Note Series, the date specified in the Final 
Terms for that Note Series. 
“Issuer” means K2A Knaust & Andersson Fastigheter AB (publ), a public limited 
liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556943-
7600. 
“Issuing Dealer” means, in respect of a Note Series, the Dealer(s) through which 
that Note Series is raised. 
“Management Profit” means the Group’s consolidated operating surplus (Sw. 
driftsöverskott) according to the latest Financial Report. 
“Maintenance Covenants” means the financial covenants set out in Clause 10.5 
(Maintenance Covenants) being Equity Ratio and Interest Coverage Ratio. 
“Margin” means, for a Note Series with floating interest rate, the margin specified 
in the Final Terms for that Note Series. 
“Market Debt” means bonds, notes or other debt securities (however defined), 
which are or can be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to listing on a 
Regulated Market, a multilateral trading facility or an organised trading facility 
(each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments).  
“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on: 
(a) 
 the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a 
whole; 
(b) 
the ability of the Issuer to comply with its obligations under the Note 
Terms; or  
(c) 
the validity or enforceability of the Note Terms.  
“Maturity Date” means, in respect of a Note Series, the date specified in the 
Final Terms for that Note Series. 
“Nasdaq Stockholm” means the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Stockholm AB 
(Swedish Reg. No. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden). 
“Nominal Amount” means, in respect of a Note Series, the amount for each Note 
specified in the Final Terms for that Note Series. 
“Note” means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount 
and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act, which represents a part of a Note Series and which is governed 
by and issued under these General Terms and Conditions. 
“Note Series” means each series of Note(s) comprising one or more Note(s) with 
the same ISIN code, which the Issuer raises under this MTN Programme. 
“Note Terms” means, for a Note Series, these General Terms and Conditions 
and the Final Terms for that Note Series. 
“Noteholder” means, in respect of a Note, the person who is registered on a 
Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. direktregistrerad ägare) or 
nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Note. 
“Noteholders’ Meeting” means a meeting among the Noteholders held in 
accordance with Clauses 13.1 (Request for a decision), 13.2 (Convening of 
Noteholders’ Meeting) and 13.4 (Majority, quorum and other provisions).

--- Page 31 ---
30 
“Person” means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability 
company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated 
organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any 
other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality. 
“Preference Shares” means preference shares (Sw. preferensaktier) issued by 
the Issuer from time to time. 
“Property” or “Properties” means all real properties (Sw. fastigheter) and site 
leasehold rights (Sw. tomträtter) owned by a Group Company from time to time. 
 “Quotation Day” means, for a Note Series with floating rate, the date that is 
specified in the Final Terms for that Note Series. 
“Record Date” means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment 
Date, (ii) a Maturity Date, (iii) the date of a Noteholders’ Meeting or Written 
Procedure, (iv) a date on which a payment to the Noteholders is to be made, or 
(v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior 
to a relevant date as is generally applicable on the Swedish debt capital market. 
“Redemption Date” means the date on which the relevant Note(s) are to be 
redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 8 (Redemption and 
Repurchase of the Notes). 
“Reference Date” means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December 
each year. 
“Reference Period” means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar 
months ending on a Reference Date. 
“Regulated Market” means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended from time to time). 
“Securities Account” means the account for dematerialised securities (Sw. 
avstämningsregister) maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial 
Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly 
registered or (ii) an owner’s holding of securities is registered in the name of a 
nominee. 
“Security” means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other 
security interest securing any obligation of any Person, or any other agreement 
or arrangement having a similar effect.  
 “STIBOR” means: 
(a) 
the Stockholm interbank offered rate for STIBOR fixing administered and 
calculated by the relevant Base Rate Administrator for the offering of 
deposits in Swedish Kronor and for a period equal to the relevant Interest 
Period (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the 
administrator) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day on page 
STIBOR= of the Thomson Reuters screen (or any replacement Thomson 
Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such 
other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in 
place of Thomson Reuters; 
(b) 
if no rate as described in (a) is available for the relevant Interest Period, 
the rate determined by the Administrative Agent by interpolation between 
the two closest rates displayed on Thomson Reuters screen (or any

--- Page 32 ---
31 
replacement Thomson Reuters page which displays that rate) for 
STIBOR fixing (or on the appropriate page of such other information 
service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Thomson 
Reuters) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for the offering 
of deposits in Swedish Kronor; 
(c) 
if no rate as described in (b) is available for the relevant Interest Period, 
the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal 
places) as supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by 
leading banks in the Stockholm interbank market reasonably selected by 
the Administrative Agent for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant 
period; or 
(d) 
if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (c), the interest rate 
which according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative 
Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in Swedish Kronor 
offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period. 
“Subordinated Debt” means any loan made to the Issuer, where the creditor has 
entered into an intercreditor or subordination agreement with the Agent whereby 
such loan is duly subordinated. 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person, any Swedish or foreign legal 
entity (whether incorporated or not), which at the time is a subsidiary (Sw. 
dotterbolag) to such Person, directly or indirectly, as defined in the Swedish 
Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). 
“Swedish Kronor” and “SEK” means the lawful currency of Sweden. 
“Total Assets” means the consolidated book value of the Group’s total assets 
according to the latest Financial Report. 
“Total Nominal Amount” means, with respect to a Note Series, the total 
aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes outstanding at the relevant time under 
that Note Series. 
“Written Procedure” means the written or electronic procedure for decision 
making among the Noteholders in accordance with Clauses 13.1 (Request for a 
decision), 13.3 (Instigation of Written Procedure) and 13.4 (Majority, quorum and 
other provisions). 
1.2 
Construction 
1.2.1 
Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these General Terms and 
Conditions to: 
(a) 
“assets” includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of 
every description; 
(b) 
any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or 
instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or 
replaced from time to time; 
(c) 
a “regulation” includes any law, regulation, rule or official directive, 
request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any 
governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, 
regulatory, authority or department;

--- Page 33 ---
32 
(d) 
a provision of regulation or law is a reference to that provision as 
amended or re-enacted; and 
(e) 
a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time. 
1.2.2 
An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived. 
1.2.3 
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in Swedish Kronor has 
been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the 
basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against Swedish Kronor for the 
previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. 
Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the 
most recently published rate shall be used instead. 
1.2.4 
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available 
to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner. 
1.2.5 
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Noteholder to exercise any right or 
remedy under the Note Terms shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such 
right or remedy. 
1.2.6 
Further definitions in respect of a Note Series are contained (where relevant) in 
the applicable Final Terms. The definitions contained in these General Terms 
and Conditions shall also apply to the Final Terms. 
2 
Issuance of Notes 
2.1 
Under this MTN Programme the Issuer may issue Notes in Euro and Swedish 
Kronor with a minimum term of one year. Under a Note Series, Notes may be 
issued in more than one tranche. 
2.2 
The Issuer may only issue Notes under this MTN Programme if no Event of 
Default is continuing or would result from such issue and considering Clause 10.1 
(Framework amount) and provided that a Compliance Certificate is duly delivered 
to the Agent in accordance with Clause 9.1.4. 
2.3 
The Notes will constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and 
without any preference among them and at least pari passu with all other direct, 
general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, 
except obligations which are preferred by mandatory regulation and except as 
otherwise provided in the Note Terms. The Issuer undertakes to repay the 
principal and to pay interest in respect of each Note Series in accordance with 
the Note Terms. 
2.4 
In subscribing for Notes each initial Noteholder accepts that its Notes shall have 
the rights and be subject to the conditions stated in the Note Terms. In acquiring 
Notes each new Noteholder confirms such acceptance. 
2.5 
If the Issuer wishes to issue Notes under this MTN Programme the Issuer shall 
enter into a separate agreement for this purpose with one or more Dealers which 
shall be the Issuing Dealer(s) for that Note Series. 
2.6 
Final Terms shall be established in relation to each Note Series which together 
with these General Terms and Conditions shall constitute the complete Note 
Terms for that Note Series.

--- Page 34 ---
33 
2.7 
The Issuer agrees that it will, without undue delay, send a copy of the signed 
Final Terms to the Agent after the Final Terms for a Note Series have been 
signed. 
2.8 
The Notes are freely transferable but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase 
or transfer restrictions with regard to the Notes, as applicable, under local 
regulation to which a Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure 
compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense. 
2.9 
No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a 
public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of any 
document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in any jurisdiction 
other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Noteholder 
must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer 
of material relating to the Issuer or the Notes. 
3 
Notes in Book-Entry Form 
3.1 
The Notes will be registered for the Noteholders on their respective Securities 
Account and no physical Notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Notes will be 
registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. 
Registration requests relating to the Notes shall be directed to an Account 
Operator. The Debt Register shall constitute conclusive evidence of the persons 
who are Noteholders and their holdings of Notes. 
3.2 
Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish 
Children and Parents Code (Sw. föräldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or 
deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of 
a Note shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the 
Financial Instruments Accounts Act.  
3.3 
The Issuer and the Agent (when permitted under the CSD Regulations) shall at 
all times be entitled to obtain information from the Debt Register. At the request 
of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to 
the Agent. For the purpose of carrying out any administrative procedure that 
arises out of the Note Terms, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to obtain 
information from the Debt Register. 
3.4 
The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons 
employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to 
independently obtain information directly from the Debt Register. The Issuer may 
not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless 
consent thereto is given by the Noteholders. 
3.5 
The Issuer, the Agent and/or the Administrative Agent may use the information 
referred to in Clause 3.3 only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and 
exercising their rights in accordance with the Note Terms and the Agency 
Agreement and shall not disclose such information to any Noteholder or third 
party unless necessary for such purposes. Neither the Agent nor the 
Administrative Agent shall be responsible for the content of such register that is 
referred to in Clause 3.3 or in any other way be responsible for determining who 
is a Noteholder.

--- Page 35 ---
34 
4 
Right to Act on Behalf of a Noteholder 
4.1 
If any person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise any rights under the 
Note Terms, it must obtain a power of attorney or other authorisation from the 
Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or 
authorisations starting with the Noteholder and authorising such person. 
4.2 
A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney or other authorisations 
to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Notes held by it. Any 
such representative may act independently under the Note Terms in relation to 
the Notes for which such representative is entitled to represent the Noteholder. 
4.3 
The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other 
authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 4.1 and may 
assume that such document has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been 
revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is 
apparent from its face or the Agent has actual knowledge to the contrary. 
4.4 
The Note Terms shall not affect the relationship between a Noteholder who is the 
nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Note and the owner of such Note, and 
it is the responsibility of such nominee to observe and comply with any 
restrictions that may apply to it in this capacity. 
5 
Payments in Respect of the Notes 
5.1 
Payments in respect of Notes denominated in SEK shall be made in SEK and 
payments in respect of Notes denominated in EUR shall be made in EUR. 
5.2 
A Note Series falls due on its specified Maturity Date. Interest accruing on Notes 
shall be paid on each Interest Payment Date in accordance with the Final Terms 
for that Note Series. Subject to Clauses 8.2 (Voluntary total redemption (call 
option)) and 8.3 (Early redemption due to illegality (call option)), each Note shall 
be repaid on its specified Maturity Date at an amount equal to its Nominal Amount 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest.  
5.3 
Any payment or repayment under the Note Terms shall be made to such person 
who is registered as a Noteholder in respect of the Notes on the Record Date 
prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date, or to such other 
person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive 
the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount. 
5.4 
If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, 
interest or any other payment shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such 
deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. Should the 
CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able 
to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are 
paid to the persons who are registered as Noteholders on the relevant Record 
Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed. 
5.5 
If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or 
repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has 
been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 7 (Default 
Interest) during such postponement.

--- Page 36 ---
35 
5.6 
If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 5, the Issuer 
and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective 
of whether such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such 
amount. 
5.7 
The Issuer is not liable to gross-up any payments under the Note Terms by virtue 
of any withholding tax, public levy or the similar. 
6 
Interest 
6.1 
Fixed interest rate  
6.1.1 
If the Final Terms of a Note Series specify fixed interest rate as applicable to it, 
the Note Series shall bear interest on its Nominal Amount at the Interest Rate 
from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date. 
6.1.2 
If the Final Terms of a Note Series specify fixed interest rate as applicable to it, 
Interest accrued during an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count 
Convention specified in the Final Terms and paid in arrears on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the first 
following day that is a Business Day. Interest will however only accrue until the 
relevant Interest Payment Date.  
6.2 
Floating interest rate 
6.2.1 
If the Final Terms of a Note Series specify floating interest rate as applicable to 
it, the Note Series shall bear interest on its Nominal Amount from (but excluding) 
the Interest Commencement Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
6.2.2 
If the Final Terms of a Note Series specify floating interest rate as applicable to 
it, the Interest Rate applicable to each respective Interest Period is determined 
by the Agent on the respective Quotation Day as the Base Rate for such period 
plus the Margin as adjusted by any application of Clause 15 (Replacement of 
Base Rate). If the Base Rate and the Margin for the relevant period is below zero 
(0), the Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero (0). 
6.2.3 
If the Interest Rate is not determined on the Interest Determination Date because 
of an obstacle such as is described in Clause 20.1, the Note Series shall continue 
to bear interest at the rate that applied to the immediately preceding Interest 
Period. As soon as the obstacle has been removed the Administrative Agent shall 
calculate a new Interest Rate to apply from the second Business Day after the 
date of calculation until the end of the current Interest Period. 
6.2.4 
If the Final Terms of a Note Series specify floating interest rate as applicable to 
it, Interest accrued during an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count 
Convention specified in the Final Terms and paid in arrears on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the first 
following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day.

--- Page 37 ---
36 
7 
Default Interest  
If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Note Terms on its 
due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (but 
excluding) the due date up to (and including) the date of actual payment at a rate 
which is two (2%) percentage points higher than the applicable Interest Rate. 
The default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue 
where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent, any Issuing Dealer(s) 
or the CSD, in which case the applicable Interest Rate shall apply instead. 
8 
Redemption and Repurchase of the Notes 
8.1 
Repurchase of Notes by a Group Company 
The Issuer and any other Group Company may, subject to applicable regulations, 
at any time and at any price purchase Notes on the market or in any other way. 
Notes held by the Issuer or any other Group Company may at their discretion be 
retained or sold, but not cancelled, except in connection with a full redemption or 
repurchase of all the Notes under a Note Series. 
8.2 
Voluntary total redemption (call option)  
8.2.1 
The Final Terms for a Note Series may specify a right for the Issuer to redeem 
all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes under that Note Series in full on 
any Business Day prior to the Maturity Date for such Note Series. If Notes are 
redeemed pursuant to this Clause 8.2.1, such Notes shall be redeemed at the 
time and the price specified in such Final Terms together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest. 
8.2.2 
Redemption in accordance with Clause 8.2.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving 
not less than fifteen (15) Business Days’ notice to the Noteholders and the Agent, 
in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the 
Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date, the redemption price and also the 
Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive 
the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, 
at the Issuer’s discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent that shall be 
satisfied prior to the Record Date. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent(s) 
(if any), the Issuer shall redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the 
specified Redemption Date. 
8.3 
Early redemption due to illegality (call option) 
8.3.1 
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Notes under a 
relevant Note Series at an amount per Notes equal to the Nominal Amount 
together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a Redemption Date determined by 
the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations 
under the Note Terms. 
8.3.2 
The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders and the Agent of any redemption 
pursuant to Clause 8.3.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having 
received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period 
such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption

--- Page 38 ---
37 
Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a 
Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. 
8.3.3 
A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 8.3.1 is irrevocable and, on 
the Redemption Date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the 
Notes in full at the applicable amounts on the specified Redemption Date. 
8.4 
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a De-Listing 
Event (put option) 
8.4.1 
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a De-Listing Event, each 
Noteholder shall during a period of thirty (30) Business Days from the effective 
date of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or the De-Listing 
Event, as the case may be, pursuant to Clause 9.1.3 (after which time period 
such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes 
under the relevant Note Series be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 
101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid 
Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of 
the Change of Control Event or the De-Listing Event, as the case may be. 
8.4.2 
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 9.1.3 shall specify the period 
during which the right pursuant to Clause 8.4.1 may be exercised, the 
Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder 
needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has 
so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from 
the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the 
Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall 
due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant 
to Clause 9.1.3. The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business 
Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 8.4.1 
8.4.3 
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities 
regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the 
provisions of such regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 8.4, the 
Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities regulations and will not be 
deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 8.4 by virtue of the 
conflict. 
8.4.4 
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 
8.4, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control 
Event or a De-Listing Event offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on 
the terms set out in this Clause 8.4 (or on terms more favourable to the 
Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such 
offer. If Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this 
Clause 8.4, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business 
Days after the expiry of the time limit. 
8.4.5 
Any Note repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 8.4 may at the 
Issuer’s discretion be retained or sold but not cancelled, except in connection 
with a redemption or repurchase of all of the Notes representing the relevant Note 
Series. 
8.4.6 
No repurchase of Notes pursuant to this Clause 8.4 shall be required if the Issuer 
prior to such event occurring has given notice of a redemption pursuant to Clause

--- Page 39 ---
38 
8.2 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)) provided that such redemption is 
duly completed. 
9 
Information to Noteholders 
9.1 
Information from the Issuer 
9.1.1 
As long as there are any outstanding Notes issued under this MTN Programme, 
the Issuer shall make the following information available to the Noteholders by 
way of press release and by publication on the website of the Issuer: 
(a) 
prepare and make available the annual audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Group and the annual audited unconsolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance 
sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report 
from the Issuer’s board of directors, to the Agent and on its website not 
later than four (4) months after the expiry of each financial year;  
(b) 
prepare and make available the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated 
reports of the Group and the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated 
reports of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, 
a cash flow statement of the Group and management commentary or 
report from the Issuer’s board of directors, to the Agent and on its website 
not later than two (2) months after the expiry of each relevant interim 
period; 
(c) 
as soon as practicable following an acquisition or disposal of Notes by a 
Group Company, the aggregate Nominal Amount held by Group 
Companies; and 
(d) 
any other information required to be published by the Swedish Securities 
Markets Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaden) and the 
rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are 
admitted to listing. 
9.1.2 
The Issuer shall prepare the Financial Reports in accordance with the Accounting 
Principles and make them available in accordance with the rules and regulations 
of Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market on which the Issuer’s 
securities from time to time are listed (as amended from time to time) and the 
Swedish 
Securities 
Market 
Act 
(Sw. 
lag 
(2007:528) 
om 
värdepappersmarknaden) (as amended from time to time). 
9.1.3 
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Noteholders and the Agent upon 
becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a De-Listing 
Event. Such notice may be given in advance of the occurrence of a Change of 
Control Event and be conditional upon the occurrence of such Change of Control 
Event, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for a Change of Control 
Event. 
9.1.4 
The Issuer shall deliver the Compliance Certificate to the Agent: 
(a) 
when a Financial Report is made available; 
(b) 
no later than 9.00 a.m. four (4) Business Days prior to the relevant Issue 
Date (including a statement that the Maintenance Covenants are met 
calculated pro forma including the relevant issue, whereby the relevant 
Reference Date for the ratios and calculations in respect of the

--- Page 40 ---
39 
Maintenance Covenants shall be the most recent Reference Date, 
however if such Reference Date falls after the date of the latest published 
Financial Report the relevant Reference Date shall be the date of the 
latest published Financial Report); and 
(c) 
in connection with a Restricted Payment being made (which requires that 
the Incurrence Test is met). 
9.2 
Information from the Agent 
Subject to the restrictions of a non-disclosure agreement entered into by the 
Agent with the Issuer, the Agent is entitled to disclose to the Noteholders any 
document, information, event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the 
Issuer or the Notes. 
9.3 
Availability of Note Terms 
The latest version of these General Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms 
for each outstanding Note Series under this MTN Programme shall be available 
on the website of the Issuer and the Agent. 
10 
General Undertakings 
So long as any Note Series remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply 
with the general undertakings set forth in this Clause 10. 
10.1 
Framework amount 
The issuer may not issue additional Notes under this MTN Programme where 
such issue would entail that the aggregate Nominal Amount of all Notes 
outstanding under this MTN Programme exceeds the Framework Amount on the 
day on which the agreement regarding the issuance of Notes was entered into 
between the Issuer and the Issuing Dealer(s). 
10.2 
Admission to listing 
10.2.1 
If admission to listing is applicable under the Final Terms of a Note Series, the 
Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Notes under that Note Series 
are admitted to listing on the relevant Regulated Market, or, if such admission to 
listing is not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to listing on another 
Regulated Market, on or about the relevant date set out in such Final Terms. 
10.2.2 
Following an admission to listing (if any), the Issuer shall use its best efforts to 
maintain such listing for as long as any Notes are outstanding (however, taking 
into account the rules and regulations (as amended from time to time) of Nasdaq 
Stockholm or any other Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to 
listing, and the CSD preventing trading in the Notes in close connection with the 
redemption of the Notes).  
10.3 
Undertakings relating to the Agency Agreement 
10.3.1 
The Issuer shall act with and comply to the terms and conditions of the Agency 
Agreement.

--- Page 41 ---
40 
10.3.2 
The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Agency 
Agreement without the prior consent of the Noteholders if the amendment would 
be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders. 
10.4 
Disposals 
 
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, enter 
into a single transaction or a series of transactions (whether related or not) and 
whether voluntary or involuntary to sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of 
all or a substantial part of the assets or operations of the Group (including shares 
in any Group Company) to any Person not being the Issuer or any of its wholly-
owned Subsidiaries, unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value and 
on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does 
not have a Material Adverse Effect. Subject to applicable regulations, the Issuer 
shall upon request by the Agent, provide the Agent with any information relating 
to a transaction which the Agent deems necessary (acting reasonably). 
10.5 
Maintenance Covenants 
10.5.1 
As long as any Note is outstanding, the Issuer shall ensure that: 
(a) 
the Equity Ratio is equal to or higher than fifteen (15%) per cent. at all 
times; and 
(b) 
the Interest Coverage Ratio is equal to or higher than one point twenty-
five (1.25) at all times. 
10.5.2 
The Maintenance Covenants shall be calculated in accordance with the latest 
Financial Report. 
10.5.3 
The Maintenance Covenants shall be tested quarterly on each Reference Date, 
on the basis of the Financial Report for the period ending on the relevant 
Reference Date. 
10.6 
Distributions  
10.6.1 
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries, (i) pay any 
dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem its share 
capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) repay 
principal or pay interest under any shareholder loans or Subordinated Debt, (v) 
make any other similar distributions or transfers of value (Sw. värdeöverföringar) 
to the Issuer’s or the Subsidiaries’ direct and indirect shareholders or the Affiliates 
of such direct and indirect shareholders (items (i)–(v) above are together and 
individually referred to as a “Restricted Payment”), provided however that any 
such Restricted Payment can be made, if such Restricted Payment is permitted 
by law and no Event of Default (other than in respect of distributions, directly or 
indirectly, to the Issuer) is continuing or would result from such Restricted 
Payment, by: 
(a) 
any Group Company if such Restricted Payment is made to a Group 
Company and, if made by a Subsidiary which is not directly or indirectly 
wholly-owned by the Issuer, is made on a pro rata basis; or 
(b) 
the Issuer, in respect of dividend Preference Shares; 
(c) 
the Issuer, in respect of interest of Capital Securities; or

--- Page 42 ---
41 
(d) 
the Issuer, provided that the Incurrence Test is met. 
10.6.2 
The figures for calculating the Incurrence Test shall be calculated based on the 
most recent Financial Report (and the testing date being the last day of the period 
covered by such Financial Report) prior to the Restricted Payment which requires 
that the Incurrence Test is met, calculated pro forma including (i) the Restricted 
Payment in question, and (ii) any Restricted Payment in accordance with item (b) 
or (c) above that has been paid out after the last day of the period covered by the 
most recent Financial Report or resolved upon but excluding, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any Restricted Payment made in accordance with item (a) above. 
10.7 
Green Finance Framework 
The Issuer shall maintain a green finance framework. The relevant Green 
Finance Framework shall at all times be published on the Issuer’s webpage and 
the Issuer shall ensure that an amount equivalent to the proceeds from any Notes 
specified as “Green Notes” in the applicable Final Terms are applied in 
accordance with the relevant Green Finance Framework. 
10.8 
Financial Indebtedness, Market Debt and guarantees  
10.8.1 
The Issuer shall not incur, prolong, renew, extend or permit to be outstanding 
any Financial Indebtedness or guarantees other than in the form of (i) other 
Markets Debt provided such Market Debt is (a) unsecured and (b) subordinated 
to, or rank pari passu with the Notes and the Issuer’s obligations under the Note 
Terms, (ii) Subordinated Debt and Capital Securities, (iii) parent company 
guarantees for the benefit of a Subsidiary, subordinated to, or ranking pari passu 
with the Notes, (iv) overdraft facilities (Sw. checkräkningskredit), and (v) 
indebtedness arising under any interest rate hedging transactions or currency 
hedging transactions, but not any transaction for investment or speculative 
purposes. The limitations set forth above does not apply to any Notes issued by 
the Issuer. 
10.8.2 
The Issuer shall procure that no Group Company other than the Issuer (subject 
to Clause 10.8.1 above) issues or permits to remain outstanding any Market Debt 
unless: 
(a) 
such Market Debt is issued on a non-recourse basis, i.e. is not secured 
or guaranteed by any Group Company; and 
(b) 
the relevant issuing Group Company provides security over its assets for 
its Market Debt. 
10.9 
Compliance with laws etcetera 
The Issuer shall, and the Issuer shall ensure that the Group Companies, (i) 
comply in all material respects with the applicable articles of association and all 
laws and regulations applicable from time to time, including but not limited to the 
rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market that 
may be applicable to the Issuer from time to time, and (ii) obtain, maintain, and 
in all material respects comply with, the terms and conditions of any 
authorisation, approval, licence or other permit required for the business carried 
out by a Group Company, in each case, if failure to do so has or is reasonably 
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

--- Page 43 ---
42 
10.10 
Nature of Business  
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature 
of the business of the Group taken as a whole from that carried on at the First 
Issue Date. 
10.11 
Dealings with Related Parties 
The Issuer shall, and the Issuer shall ensure that each Group Company will, 
conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group 
Companies (excluding other Group Companies) and/or any Affiliates of such 
direct or indirect shareholders and any other related parties at arm’s length terms. 
10.12 
Merger and demergers 
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, enter 
into a merger or demerger unless such merger or demerger is not likely to have 
a Material Adverse Effect and, if the merger involves the Issuer, the Issuer is the 
surviving entity. 
10.13 
CSD related undertakings 
The Issuer shall keep the Notes affiliated with a CSD and comply with all 
applicable CSD Regulations. 
10.14 
Insurance 
The Issuer shall procure that the Properties are insured to an extent which is 
customary for similar properties on the Swedish market with one or more 
reputable insurers. The insurance cover shall, inter alia, include full value 
insurance and third-party liability insurances. 
10.15 
Maintenance of Properties 
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company owning a 
Property, keep the Property in a good state of repair and maintenance, subject 
to normal wear and tear and in accordance with normal market practice, and in 
such repair and condition as will enable the Issuer and each other Group 
Company owning a Property to comply in all material respects with the 
obligations under relevant rental agreements and in accordance all applicable 
laws and regulations. 
10.16 
Environmental 
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company will, comply 
with all environmental laws and obtain, maintain and ensure compliance with all 
requisite environmental permits, if failure to do so has or is reasonably likely to 
have a Material Adverse Effect. 
11 
Events of Default and Acceleration of the Notes 
11.1 
The Agent (A) shall, following a demand in writing from a Noteholder (or 
Noteholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal

--- Page 44 ---
43 
Amount under a Note Series (such demand shall, if made by several 
Noteholders, be made by them jointly) or following an instruction given pursuant 
to Clause 11.6 and (B) is entitled to, provided that awaiting any such 
aforementioned written demand or instruction would adversely affect the 
interests or rights of the Noteholders (in the sole opinion of the Agent), on behalf 
of the Noteholders (i) by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not some only, of 
the outstanding Notes under such Note Series due and payable together with 
any other amounts payable under the Note Terms, immediately or at such later 
date as instructed to the Agent, and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, 
powers and discretions under the Note Terms, if: 
(a) 
Non-payment 
The Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under the 
Note Terms, unless the non-payment: 
(i) 
is caused by technical or administrative error; and 
is remedied within five (5) Business Days from the due date. 
(b) 
Other obligations 
The Issuer does not comply with the Note Terms (other than those terms referred 
to in paragraph (a) above), unless the non-compliance: 
(i) 
is capable of remedy; and 
(ii) 
is remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days of the earlier of the 
Agent giving notice and the Issuer becoming aware of the non-
compliance. 
Notwithstanding the above, any failure to comply with the undertaking set out in 
Clause 10.7 (Green Finance Framework) shall not constitute an Event of Default 
under any circumstance. 
(c) 
Impossibility or illegality 
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to perform any of its 
obligations under the Note Terms or the Note Terms are not, or cease to be, 
legal, valid, binding or enforceable. 
(d) 
Insolvency proceedings 
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken in 
relation to: 
(i) 
the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, 
winding-up, dissolution, administration, company reorganisation 
(Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) of the 
Issuer or a Group Company, other than a solvent liquidation or 
reorganisation of any Group Company other than the Issuer; 
(ii) 
a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with 
creditors of the Issuer or a Group Company generally, other than 
the Noteholders; 
(iii) 
the appointment of a liquidator, administrator or other similar officer 
in respect of the Issuer or a Group Company or any of their 
respective assets; or

--- Page 45 ---
44 
(iv) 
any step analogous to item (i) above is taken in any jurisdiction in 
relation to the Issuer, 
provided however that the assets of the Group Company referred to under item 
(i), (ii) (iii) and/or (iv) above, individually or in the aggregate, at the date of the 
relevant event(s), have a value equal to or exceeding SEK 50,000,000, 
calculated in accordance with the latest Financial Report, to the extent 
applicable, and, if not reflected in the latest Financial Report, in accordance with 
the principles set out therein. For the purpose of calculating asset value in 
accordance with this section, the aggregate value of assets being or having been 
subject to such measures referred to in this paragraph (d) during the term of the 
Notes, calculated in accordance with the foregoing, shall be compounded (Sw. 
sammanräknas) and included when determining the asset value at the date of 
the relevant event(s). 
This paragraph (d) shall not apply to any corporate action, legal proceedings or 
other procedure or step taken which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, 
stayed or dismissed within thirty (30) calendar days of commencement. 
(e) 
Insolvency 
The Issuer, or a Group Company, is, or is deemed for the purposes of any 
applicable regulation to be, Insolvent, provided however that the assets of the 
Issuer or such Group Company, individually or in the aggregate, at the date of 
the relevant event(s) resulting in the Issuer or such Group Company becoming 
or being deemed to be Insolvent, have a value equal to or exceeding SEK 
50,000,000, calculated in accordance with the latest Financial Report, to the 
extent applicable, and, if not reflected in the latest Financial Report, in 
accordance with the principles set out therein. 
For the purpose of calculating asset value in accordance with this section, the 
aggregate value of assets being or having been subject to such measures 
referred to in this paragraph (e) during the term of the Notes, calculated in 
accordance with the foregoing, shall be compounded (Sw. sammanräknas) and 
included when determining the asset value at the date of the relevant event(s). 
(f) 
Creditors’ process 
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any 
analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Group 
Company having an aggregate value equal to or exceeding SEK 50,000,000 and 
is not discharged within sixty (60) calendar days. 
(g) 
Cross-acceleration:  
(i) 
Any Financial Indebtedness of any Group Company:  
(a) is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace 
period and the Financial Indebtedness in question therefore 
has been accelerated by way of the relevant creditor issuing an 
Acceleration Notice, or, where the non-payment would have 
constituted final payment, where the late payment continues for 
ten (10) Business Days (it being expressly acknowledged that 
any waiver or extension granted by the relevant creditor in 
respect of such payment shall result in it no longer constituting 
a late payment); or

--- Page 46 ---
45 
(b) is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior 
to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default 
howsoever described under any agreement or document 
relating to Financial Indebtedness of any Group Company; 
(ii) 
any security interest securing Financial Indebtedness over any 
asset of any Group Company is enforced following an Acceleration 
Notice (if applicable), 
provided that no Event of Default will occur under this paragraph (g) if the 
aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness is less than an amount equal to 
SEK 50,000,000 at any such relevant date. 
For the purposes of this Clause 11.1(g) “Acceleration Notice” means any form of 
written acceleration or declaration by a creditor under the relevant credit 
agreement (however labelled), that such Financial Indebtedness is accelerated 
or declared prematurely due. 
(h) 
Cessation of business 
The Issuer ceases to carry on its business or a Group Company ceases to carry 
on its business except if due to (i) a solvent liquidation of a Group Company or 
(ii) a permitted merger or demerger as stipulated in Clause 10.12 and provided 
in relation to a discontinuation of a Group Company, that such discontinuation is 
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
11.2 
The Agent may not accelerate the Notes in accordance with Clause 11.1 by 
reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been 
decided, on a Noteholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive 
such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently). 
11.3 
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) upon 
becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which 
constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with 
the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination 
or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and 
shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request 
in writing following receipt of such notice. 
11.4 
The Agent shall notify the Noteholders of an Event of Default within five (5) 
Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that 
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Notwithstanding the 
aforesaid, the Agent may postpone a notification of an Event of Default (other 
than in relation to payments) up until the time stipulated in Clause 11.5 for as 
long as, in the reasonable opinion of the Agent such postponement is in the 
interests of the Noteholders as a group. The Agent shall always be entitled to 
take the time necessary to determine whether an event constitutes an Event of 
Default. 
11.5 
The Agent shall (provided that awaiting any such written demand or instruction 
as set out in Clause 11.1(A) would adversely affect the interests or rights of the 
Noteholders (in the sole opinion of the Agent), within twenty (20) Business Days 
of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Notes shall be so 
accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall

--- Page 47 ---
46 
promptly seek instructions from the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 13 
(Decisions by Noteholders). 
11.6 
If the relevant Noteholders instruct the Agent to accelerate the Notes for a 
relevant Note Series, the Agent shall promptly declare the Notes for the relevant 
Note Series due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the 
Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Noteholders under 
the relevant Note Terms, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer 
continuing.  
11.7 
If the right to accelerate the Notes for a Note Series is based upon a decision of 
a court of law, an arbitrational tribunal or a government authority, it is necessary 
that the decision has become enforceable under any applicable regulation or that 
the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed 
to exist. 
11.8 
In the event of an acceleration of the Notes for a Note Series in accordance with 
this Clause 11, the Issuer shall redeem all such Notes at an amount per Note 
equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but 
unpaid Interest.  
12 
Distribution of Proceeds 
12.1 
All payments by the Issuer relating to a Note Series and the Note Terms following 
an acceleration of the Note Series in accordance with Clause 11 (Events of 
Default and Acceleration of the Notes) shall be distributed in the following order 
of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent: 
(a) 
first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses 
and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement (other than any indemnity given for liability against 
the Noteholders) in respect of a relevant Note Series, (ii) other costs, 
expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Notes, or the 
protection of the Noteholders’ rights as may have been incurred by the 
Agent, (iii) any costs incurred by the Agent for external experts that have 
not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 16.2.6 and 
(iv) any costs and expenses incurred by the Agent that have not been 
reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 13.4.11, together 
with default interest in accordance with Clause 7 on any such amount 
calculated from the date it was due to be paid or reimbursed by the Issuer; 
(b) 
secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest 
under the Note Series (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date 
to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date); 
(c) 
thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the 
Note Series; and 
(d) 
fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding 
amounts unpaid under the Note Series and/or applicable Note Terms for 
that Note Series, including default interest in accordance with Clause 7 
(Default Interest)on delayed payments of interest and repayments of 
principal. 
12.2 
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with 
paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer.

--- Page 48 ---
47 
12.3 
If a Noteholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or 
indemnities referred to in Clause 12.1(a) such Noteholder or other party shall be 
entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance 
with Clause 12.1(a) 
12.4 
Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the 
acceleration of Notes for a Note Series constitute escrow funds (Sw. 
redovisningsmedel) in accordance with the Swedish Funds Accounting Act (Sw. 
lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate bank 
account on behalf of the Noteholders and the other interested parties. The Agent 
shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 12 as 
soon as reasonably practicable. 
12.5 
If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 12, the 
Issuer or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Noteholders of any such 
payment at least ten (10) Business Days before the payment is made. The notice 
shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person 
shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such 
Redemption Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid 
the Record Date specified in Clause 5.3 shall apply. 
13 
Decisions by Noteholders 
13.1 
Request for a decision 
13.1.1 
A request by the Agent for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to 
the Note Terms shall be dealt with at a Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of a 
Written Procedure. 
13.1.2 
Any request from the Issuer or a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at 
least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount of a Note Series (such 
request shall, if made by several Noteholders, be made by them jointly) for a 
decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Note Series shall be 
directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of a 
Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The person requesting the 
decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent’s 
opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Noteholders’ Meeting 
than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Noteholders’ 
Meeting. 
13.1.3 
The Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders’ Meeting or instigating a 
Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person 
in addition to the Noteholders and such person has informed the Agent that an 
approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with 
applicable regulations. 
13.1.4 
The Agent shall not be responsible for the content of a notice for a Noteholders’ 
Meeting or a communication regarding a Written Procedure unless and to the 
extent it contains information provided by the Agent. 
13.1.5 
Should the Agent not convene a Noteholders’ Meeting or instigate a Written 
Procedure in accordance with these General Terms and Conditions, without 
Clause 13.1.3 being applicable, the Issuer or the Noteholders(s) requesting a 
decision by the Noteholders may convene such Noteholders’ Meeting or instigate

--- Page 49 ---
48 
such Written Procedure, as the case may be, instead. The Issuer or the 
Administrative Agent shall provide the convening Noteholders(s) with the 
information available in the Debt Register in order to convene and hold the 
Noteholders’ Meeting or instigate and carry out the Written Procedure, as the 
case may be. The Issuer or Noteholders(s), as applicable, shall supply to the 
Agent a copy of the dispatched notice or communication. 
13.1.6 
Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may (i) convene a Noteholders’ 
Meeting in accordance with Clause 13.2 (Convening of Noteholders’ Meeting) or 
(ii) instigate a Written Procedure by sending communication in accordance with 
Clause 13.3 (Instigation of Written Procedure). After a request from the 
Noteholders pursuant to Clause 16.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than ten (10) 
Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be 
necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Noteholders’ 
Meeting in accordance with Clause 13.2. The Issuer shall inform the Agent before 
a notice for a Noteholders’ Meeting or communication relating to a Written 
Procedure where the Agent is proposed to be replaced is sent and supply to the 
Agent a copy of the dispatched notice or communication.  
13.1.7 
Should the Issuer or any Noteholder(s) convene a Noteholders’ Meeting or 
instigate a Written Procedure pursuant to Clause 13.1.5 or 13.1.6, then the Agent 
shall no later than five (5) Business Days’ prior to dispatch of such notice or 
communication be provided with a draft thereof. The Agent may further append 
information from it together with the notice or communication, provided that the 
Agent supplies such information to the Issuer or the Noteholder(s), as the case 
may be, no later than one (1) Business Day prior to the dispatch of such notice 
or communication. 
13.2 
Convening of Noteholders’ Meeting 
13.2.1 
The Agent shall convene a Noteholders’ Meeting by way of notice to the 
Noteholders as soon as practicable and in any event no later than five (5) 
Business Days after receipt of a complete notice from the Issuer or the 
Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or 
administrative reasons). 
13.2.2 
The notice pursuant to Clause 13.2.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) 
place for the meeting, (iii) a specification of the Record Date on which a person 
must be registered as a Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting 
rights, (iv) a form of power of attorney, and (v) the agenda for the meeting. The 
reasons for, and contents of, each proposal as well as any applicable conditions 
and conditions precedent shall be specified in the notice. If a proposal concerns 
an amendment to any Note Terms, such proposed amendment must always be 
set out in detail. Should prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order 
to attend the Noteholders’ Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the 
notice. 
13.2.3 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days 
and no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the effective date of the notice. 
A Noteholder’s Meeting for several Note Series may be held at the same time. 
13.2.4 
Without amending or varying these General Terms and Conditions, the Agent 
may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a 
Noteholders’ Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may

--- Page 50 ---
49 
include a possibility for Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in 
person. 
13.3 
Instigation of Written Procedure 
13.3.1 
The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure by way of sending a 
communication to the Noteholders as soon as practicable and in any event no 
later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a complete communication from 
the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for 
technical or administrative reasons).  
13.3.2 
A communication pursuant to Clause 13.3.1 shall include (i) a specification of the 
Record Date on which a person must be registered as a Noteholder in order to 
be entitled to exercise voting rights, (ii) instructions and directions on where to 
receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote 
yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (iii) the 
stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such 
time period to last at least ten (10) Business Days and not longer than thirty (30) 
Business Days from the effective date of the communication pursuant to Clause 
13.3.1). The reasons for, and contents of, each proposal as well as any 
applicable conditions and conditions precedent shall be specified in the notice. If 
a proposal concerns an amendment to the Note Terms, such proposed 
amendment must always be set out in detail. If the voting is to be made 
electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication. 
13.3.3 
If so elected by the person requesting the Written Procedure and provided that it 
is also disclosed in the communication pursuant to Clause 13.3.1, when consents 
from Noteholders representing the requisite majority of the total Adjusted 
Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 13.4.2 and 13.4.3 have been received in a 
Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant 
to Clause 13.4.2 or 13.4.3, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies 
in the Written Procedure has not yet expired. 
13.4 
Majority, quorum and other provisions 
13.4.1 
Only a Noteholder, or a person who has been provided with a power of attorney 
or other authorisation pursuant to Clause 4 (Right to Act on Behalf of a 
Noteholder) from a Noteholder: 
(a) 
on the Business Day specified in the notice pursuant to Clause 13.2, in 
respect of a Noteholders’ Meeting, or 
(b) 
on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 
13.2, in respect of a Written Procedure, 
may exercise voting rights as a Noteholder at such Noteholders’ Meeting or in 
such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Notes are included in the 
Adjusted Nominal Amount. Each whole Note entitles to one vote and any fraction 
of a Note voted for by a person shall be disregarded. Such Business Day 
specified pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) above must fall no earlier than one (1) 
Business Day after the effective date of the notice or communication, as the case 
may be. 
13.4.2 
The following matters shall require the consent of Noteholders representing at 
least sixty-six and two thirds (66 2/3) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount

--- Page 51 ---
50 
for which Noteholders are voting at a Noteholders’ Meeting or for which 
Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions 
given pursuant to Clause 13.3.2: 
(a) 
a change to the terms of any of Clause 2.3, and Clauses 2.8 to 2.9; 
(b) 
a reduction of the premium payable upon the redemption or repurchase 
of any Note pursuant to Clause 8 (Redemption and Repurchase of the 
Notes); 
(c) 
a change to the Interest Rate (other than as a result of an application of 
Clause 15 (Replacement of Base Rate) or the Nominal Amount; 
(d) 
a change to the terms for the distribution of proceeds set out in Clause 
12 (Distribution of Proceeds);  
(e) 
a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Noteholders’ 
consent set out in this Clause 13.4 (Majority, quorum and other 
provisions); 
(f) 
a change of issuer, an extension of the tenor of a Note Series or any 
delay of the due date for payment of any principal or interest under a Note 
Series; 
(g) 
a mandatory exchange of the Notes under a Note Series for other 
securities; and 
(h) 
early redemption of the Notes under a Note Series, other than upon an 
acceleration pursuant to Clause 11 (Events of Default and Acceleration 
of the Notes) or as otherwise permitted or required by the applicable Note 
Terms.  
13.4.3 
Any matter not covered by Clause 13.4.2 shall require the consent of Noteholders 
representing more than 50 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which 
Noteholders are voting at a Noteholders’ Meeting or for which Noteholders reply 
in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to 
Clause 13.3.2. This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver 
of, the terms of any Note Terms that does not require a higher majority (other 
than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 14.2(a) or (c)), an acceleration 
of the Notes under a Note Series. 
13.4.4 
Quorum at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only 
exists if a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent. of 
the Adjusted Nominal Amount in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 13.4.2, and 
otherwise twenty (20) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount: 
(a) 
if at a Noteholders’ Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by other 
means prescribed by the Agent pursuant to Clause 13.2.4 (or appear 
through duly authorised representatives); or 
(b) 
if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request. 
13.4.5 
If a quorum exists for some but not all of the matters to be dealt with at a 
Noteholders’ Meeting or by a Written Procedure, decisions may be taken in the 
matters for which a quorum exists. 
13.4.6 
If a quorum does not exist at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of a Written 
Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Noteholders’ Meeting 
(in accordance with Clause 13.2.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in 
accordance with Clause 13.3.1), as the case may be, provided that the person(s)

--- Page 52 ---
51 
who initiated the procedure for Noteholders’ consent has confirmed that the 
relevant proposal is not withdrawn. For the purposes of a second Noteholders’ 
Meeting or second Written Procedure pursuant to this Clause 13.4.6, the date of 
request of the second Noteholders’ Meeting pursuant to Clause 13.2.1 or second 
Written Procedure pursuant to Clause 13.1.1, as the case may be, shall be 
deemed to be the relevant date when the quorum did not exist. The quorum 
requirement in Clause 13.4.4 shall not apply to such second Noteholders’ 
Meeting or Written Procedure other than in relation to an acceleration pursuant 
to Clause 11 (Events of Default and Acceleration of the Notes). 
13.4.7 
A Noteholder holding more than one Note under a Note Series need not use all 
its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its 
discretion use or cast some of its votes only. 
13.4.8 
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the 
Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the 
Agent, under the Note Terms shall be subject to the Issuer’s or the Agent’s 
consent, as applicable. 
13.4.9 
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any 
consideration to or for the benefit of any owner of Notes (irrespective of whether 
such person is a Noteholder) for or as inducement to any consent under the Note 
Terms, unless such consideration is offered to all Noteholders that consent at the 
relevant Noteholders’ Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period 
stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the 
Written Procedure, as the case may be. 
13.4.10 A matter decided at a duly convened and held Noteholders’ Meeting or by way 
of Written Procedure is binding on all Noteholders, irrespective of them being 
present or represented at the Noteholders’ Meeting or responding in the Written 
Procedure. The Noteholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall 
not be liable for any damages that this may cause the Issuer or the other 
Noteholders.  
13.4.11 All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of 
convening a Noteholders’ Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written 
Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer. 
13.4.12 If a decision is to be taken by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Note 
Terms, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent 
with a certificate specifying the number of Notes owned by Group Companies or 
(to the knowledge of the Issuer) Affiliates as per the Record Date for voting, 
irrespective of whether such person is a Noteholder. The Agent shall not be 
responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible for 
determining whether a Note is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate. 
13.4.13 Information about decisions taken at a Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of a 
Written Procedure shall promptly be published on the websites of the Issuer and 
the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made 
or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting or 
Written Procedure shall at the request of a Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer 
or the Agent, as applicable.

--- Page 53 ---
52 
14 
Amendments and Waivers 
14.1 
The Issuer, the Agent and the Issuing Dealers may agree on adjustments to clear 
and obvious errors in these General Terms and Conditions. 
14.2 
The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Noteholders) may agree in 
writing to amend and waive any provision in any Note Terms (in cases other than 
those set forth above in Clause 14.1), provided that the Agent is satisfied that 
such amendment or waiver: 
(a) 
is not detrimental to the interest of the Noteholders as a group; 
(b) 
is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; 
(c) 
is required by any applicable regulation, law, a court ruling or a decision 
by a relevant authority;  
(d) 
has been duly approved by the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 
13 (Decisions by Noteholders) and it has received any conditions 
precedent specified for the effectiveness of the approval by the 
Noteholders; or 
(e) 
is made pursuant to Clause 15 (Replacement of Base Rate). 
14.3 
The Issuer and the Dealers under the MTN Programme may from time to time 
agree to increase or decrease the Framework Amount. Information about such 
amendment shall promptly be published by the Issuer through a press release. 
14.4 
A new dealer may be engaged by agreement between the Issuer, the dealer in 
question and the Dealers. A Dealer may resign as a Dealer, but an Administrative 
Agent in respect of a specific Note Series may not resign unless a new 
Administrative Agent is appointed in its place. 
14.5 
The Agent shall promptly notify the Noteholders (by way of press release) and 
the Administrative Agent of any amendments or waivers made in accordance 
with Clause 14.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will 
be effective. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the Note Terms 
are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 9.3 (Availability of Note Terms) 
and that any amendments to Note Terms are duly registered with the CSD and 
each other relevant organisation or authority. 
14.6 
An amendment or waiver to Note Terms shall take effect on the date determined 
by the Noteholders’ Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the 
case may be. 
15 
Replacement of Base Rate 
15.1 
General  
15.1.1 
Any determination or election to be made by an Independent Adviser, the Issuer 
or the Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of this Clause 15 shall at all 
times be made by such Independent Adviser, the Issuer or the Noteholders (as 
applicable) acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and by 
reference to relevant market data.

--- Page 54 ---
53 
15.1.2 
If a Base Rate Event has occurred, this Clause 15 shall take precedent over the 
fallbacks set out in paragraph (b) to (d) of the definitions of STIBOR and 
EURIBOR, respectively. 
15.2 
Definitions 
In this Clause 15: 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) 
or a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, or a combination thereof 
determined in accordance with Clause 15.3.5, to be applied to a Successor Base 
Rate or an Alternative Base Rate, the objective of which, in each case, shall be 
to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable, any transfer 
of economic value from one party to another as a result of a replacement of the 
Base Rate. 
“Alternative Base Rate” means the reference rate that has replaced the Base 
Rate in customary market usage in the relevant debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of Notes denominated in Euro 
or Swedish kronor or, if there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser determines is most comparable to the Base Rate. 
“Base Rate Amendments” has the meaning set forth in Clause 15.3.5. 
“Base Rate Event” means that: 
(a) 
the Base Rate has (i) been permanently or indefinitely discontinued, (ii) 
ceased to exist or (iii) ceased to be published for at least five (5) 
consecutive Business Days as a result of the Base Rate ceasing to be 
calculated or administered; 
(b) 
the Base Rate Administrator ceases to publish the applicable Base Rate 
permanently or indefinitely and, at that time, no successor administrator 
has been appointed to continue to publish the Base Rate; 
(c) 
the supervisor of the Base Rate Administrator (i) has made a public 
statement stating that the Base Rate is no longer representative of the 
underlying market or (ii) is recommending the usage of a Successor Base 
Rate for the applicable Base Rate; 
(d) 
the Base Rate Administrator or its supervisor announces that (i) the Base 
Rate methodology has changed materially after the First Issue Date or 
(ii) the Base Rate may no longer be used, either generally or in respect 
of the Notes; or 
(e) 
it has become unlawful for the Issuer or the Administrative Agent to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using the 
applicable Base Rate. 
“Base Rate Event Announcement” means a public statement by the Base Rate 
Administrator or the supervisor of the Base Rate Administrator that any event or 
circumstance specified in paragraphs (a) to (e) of the definition of Base Rate 
Event will occur. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution or adviser of 
repute in the debt capital markets where the Base Rate is commonly used.

--- Page 55 ---
54 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means any applicable central bank, regulator or 
other supervisory authority or a group of them, or any working group or committee 
of any of them or the Financial Stability Council (Sw. Finansiella stabilitetsrådet), 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof, respectively. 
“Successor Base Rate” means a screen or benchmark rate which is formally 
recommended as a successor to or replacement of the Base Rate by a Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
15.3 
Determination of Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and Base Rate 
Amendments 
15.3.1 
Without prejudice to Clause 15.3.2, upon a Base Rate Event Announcement, the 
Issuer may, if it is possible to determine a Successor Base Rate or an Alternative 
Base Rate at such point of time, at any time before the occurrence of the relevant 
Base Rate Event at the Issuer’s expense appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine a Successor Base Rate or, if there is no Successor Base Rate, an 
Alternative Base Rate and, in each case, the Adjustment Spread and any Base 
Rate Amendments for purposes of determining and calculating the applicable 
Base Rate. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer will not be obliged to take any 
such actions until obliged to do so pursuant to Clause 15.3.2. 
15.3.2 
If (i) a Base Rate Event has occurred or (ii) a Base Rate Event Announcement 
has been made and the announced Base Rate Event will occur within six (6) 
months, the Issuer shall use all commercially reasonable endeavours to, as soon 
as reasonably practicable and at the Issuer’s expense, appoint an Independent 
Adviser to determine, as soon as commercially reasonable, a Successor Base 
Rate or (if there is no Successor Base Rate) an Alternative Base Rate and, in 
each case, the Adjustment Spread and any Base Rate Amendments for 
purposes of determining and calculating the applicable Base Rate. 
15.3.3 
If the Issuer fails to appoint an Independent Adviser in accordance with Clause 
15.3.2, the Noteholders shall, if so decided at a Noteholders’ Meeting or by way 
of Written Procedure, be entitled to appoint an Independent Adviser (at the 
Issuer’s expense) for the purposes set forth in Clause 15.3.2. 
15.3.4 
The Adjustment Spread determined by the Independent Adviser in accordance 
with Clause 15.3.1 or 15.3.2, shall be the Adjustment Spread which: 
(a) 
is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Base Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
if paragraph (a) above does not apply, the Independent Adviser 
determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Base Rate 
or Alternative Base Rate (as applicable), in comparable debt capital 
markets transactions. 
15.3.5 
The Independent Adviser shall also determine any technical, administrative or 
operational changes required to ensure the proper operation of a Successor 
Base Rate or an Alternative Base Rate or to reflect the adoption of such 
Successor Base Rate or Alternative Base Rate in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (“Base Rate Amendments”). 
15.3.6 
Provided that a Successor Base Rate or (if there is no Successor Base Rate) an 
Alternative Base Rate and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and

--- Page 56 ---
55 
any Base Rate Amendments have been determined no later than ten (10) 
Business Days prior to the relevant Quotation Day in relation to the next 
succeeding Interest Period, they shall become effective with effect from and 
including the commencement of the next succeeding Interest Period.  
15.4 
Interim measures 
15.4.1 
If a Base Rate Event has occurred but no Successor Base Rate or Alternative 
Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been determined at least ten (10) 
Business Days prior to the relevant Quotation Day in relation to the next 
succeeding Interest Period, the Interest Rate applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be: 
(a) 
if the previous Base Rate is available, determined pursuant to the terms 
that would apply to the determination of the Base Rate as if no Base Rate 
Event had occurred; or 
(b) 
if the previous Base Rate is no longer available or cannot be used in 
accordance with applicable law or regulation, equal to the Interest Rate 
determined for the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
15.4.2 
For the avoidance of doubt, Clause 15.4.1 shall apply only to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Period and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to 
the subsequent operation of, and to adjustments as provided in, this Clause 15. 
15.5 
Notices etc. 
The Issuer shall promptly following the determination by the Independent Adviser 
of any Successor Base Rate, Alternative Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any 
Base Rate Amendments give notice thereof to the Agent, the Administrative 
Agent and the Holders in accordance with Clause 19 (Communications and 
Press Releases) and the CSD. 
15.6 
Variation upon replacement of Base Rate 
15.6.1 
No later than giving the Agent notice pursuant to Clause 15.5, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent a certificate signed by the Independent Adviser and the CEO, 
CFO or any other duly authorised signatory of the Issuer confirming the relevant 
Successor Base Rate or Alternative Base Rate, the Adjustment Spread and any 
Base Rate Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Clause 15. The Successor Base Rate or Alternative Base Rate, 
the Adjustment Spread and any Base Rate Amendments (as applicable) 
specified in such certificate will, in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in 
any determination, be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Administrative Agent 
and the Noteholders. 
15.6.2 
Subject to receipt by the Agent of the certificate referred to in Clause 15.6.1, the 
Issuer and the Agent shall, at the request and expense of the Issuer, without the 
requirement for any consent or approval of the Noteholders, without undue delay 
effect such amendments to these Terms and Conditions as may be required by 
the Issuer in order to give effect to this Clause 15. 
15.6.3 
The Agent and the Administrative Agent shall always be entitled to consult with 
external experts prior to amendments are effected pursuant to this Clause 15.

--- Page 57 ---
56 
Neither the Agent nor the Administrative Agent shall be obliged to concur if in the 
reasonable opinion of the Agent or the Administrative Agent (as applicable), 
doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Agent or the Administrative Agent in these General 
Terms and Conditions. 
15.7 
Limitation of liability for the Independent Adviser 
Any Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to Clause 15.3 shall not be liable 
whatsoever for damage or loss caused by any determination, action taken or 
omitted by it under or in connection with these General Terms and Conditions, 
unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The 
Independent Adviser shall never be responsible for indirect or consequential loss. 
16 
The Agent 
16.1 
Appointment of Agent 
16.1.1 
By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder appoints the Agent to act as its 
agent in all matters relating to the Notes and the Note Terms, and authorises the 
Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such 
consent is specifically required by these General Terms and Conditions) in any 
legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Notes held by such Noteholder, 
including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation or 
bankruptcy (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer. By acquiring 
Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such appointment and 
authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf. 
16.1.2 
Each Noteholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent with any such 
documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of 
exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Note Terms. The 
Agent is under no obligation to represent a Noteholder which does not comply 
with such request. 
16.1.3 
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents 
and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the 
Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying 
out its duties under the Note Terms. 
16.1.4 
The Agent is entitled to fees for all its work in such capacity and to be indemnified 
for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Note Terms and the 
Agency Agreement and the Agent’s obligations as Agent under the Note Terms 
are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications. 
16.1.5 
The Agent may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities or other 
loans issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies 
notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. 
16.2 
Duties of the Agent 
16.2.1 
The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Note Terms.

--- Page 58 ---
57 
16.2.2 
When acting pursuant to the Note Terms, the Agent is always acting with binding 
effect on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent is never acting as an advisor to 
the Noteholders or the Issuer. Any advice or opinion from the Agent does not 
bind the Noteholders or the Issuer. 
16.2.3 
When acting pursuant to the Note Terms, the Agent shall carry out its duties with 
reasonable care and skill in a proficient and professional manner. 
16.2.4 
The Agent shall treat all Noteholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the 
Note Terms, act with regard only to the interests of the Noteholders as a group 
and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply 
with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated 
in the Note Terms. 
16.2.5 
The Agent is always entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties 
and to engage external experts when carrying out its duties as agent, without 
having to first obtain any consent from the Noteholders or the Issuer. The Agent 
shall however remain liable for any actions of such parties if such parties are 
performing duties of the Agent under the Note Terms.  
16.2.6 
The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts 
engaged by it (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) for the purpose 
of investigating or considering (A) an event or circumstance which the Agent 
reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (B) a matter relating 
to the Issuer or the Note Terms which the Agent reasonably believes may be 
detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders under the Note Terms, and (iii) in 
connection with any Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, or (iv) in 
connection with any amendment (whether contemplated by the Note Terms or 
not) or waiver under the Note Terms. Any compensation for damages or other 
recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the 
purpose of carrying out its duties under the Note Terms shall be distributed in 
accordance with Clause 12 (Distribution of Proceeds). 
16.2.7 
The Agent shall, as applicable, enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply 
with such agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Agent, as may 
be necessary in order for the Agent to carry out its duties under the Note Terms. 
16.2.8 
Other than as specifically set out in the Note Terms, the Agent shall not be 
obliged to monitor (i) whether any Event of Default has occurred, (ii) the 
performance, default or any breach by the Issuer or any other party of its 
obligations under the Note Terms, (iii) the financial condition of the Issuer and 
the Group, or (iv) whether any other event specified in the Note Terms has 
occurred or is expected to occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, 
the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can 
be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge 
of such event or circumstance. 
16.2.9 
The Agent shall (i) review each Compliance Certificate delivered to it to determine 
that it meets the requirements set out in these General Terms and Conditions 
and as otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Agent, and (ii) verify that 
the Issuer according to its reporting in the Compliance Certificate meets the 
Maintenance Covenants, and (iii) if provided in connection with a Restricted 
Payment (which requires that the Incurrence Test is met), that the Incurrence 
Test is met as per the relevant test date, including calculations and figures in 
respect of the Incurrence Test, calculated pro forma including the Restricted

--- Page 59 ---
58 
Payment. The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with such 
information as the Agent reasonably considers necessary for the purpose of 
being able to comply with this Clause 16.2.9 
16.2.10 The Agent shall ensure that it receives evidence satisfactory to it that the General 
Terms and Conditions as well as the Final Terms for each Note Series which are 
required to be delivered to the Agent are duly authorised and executed (as 
applicable). The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with such 
documents and evidence as the Agent reasonably considers necessary for the 
purpose of being able to comply with this Clause 16.2.10. Other than as set out 
above, the Agent shall neither be liable to the Issuer or the Noteholders for 
damage due to any documents and information delivered to the Agent not being 
accurate, correct and complete, unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, 
nor be liable for the content, validity, perfection or enforceability of such 
documents.  
16.2.11 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Note Terms to the contrary, the Agent 
is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable 
opinion constitute a breach of any regulation. 
16.2.12 If in the Agent’s reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur 
(including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the 
Noteholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the 
Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, 
or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or 
adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require. 
16.2.13 The Agent shall give a notice to the Noteholders (i) before it ceases to perform 
its obligations under the Note Terms by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer 
of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Note Terms or the Agency 
Agreement or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 
16.2.12 
16.3 
Liability for the Agent 
16.3.1 
The Agent will not be liable to the Noteholders for damage or loss caused by any 
action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Note Terms, unless 
directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be 
responsible for indirect or consequential loss. 
16.3.2 
The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in 
accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts provided 
to the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when 
the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders to 
delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Noteholders. 
16.3.3 
The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in 
crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to any Note Terms to be 
paid by the Agent to the Noteholders, provided that the Agent has taken all 
necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the 
regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement 
system used by the Agent for that purpose.

--- Page 60 ---
59 
16.3.4 
The Agent shall have no liability to the Noteholders for damage caused by the 
Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Noteholders given in 
accordance with the Note Terms. 
16.3.5 
Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or 
in relation to, any Note Terms shall not be subject to set-off against the 
obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders under such Note Terms. 
16.4 
Replacement of the Agent 
16.4.1 
Subject to Clause 16.4.6, the Agent may resign for all Note Series, but not part 
of all Note Series, made under this MTN Programme by giving notice to the Issuer 
and the Noteholders, in which case the Noteholders shall appoint a successor 
Agent (which must be an independent financial institution or other reputable 
company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances) at a Noteholders’ 
Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated 
by the retiring Agent. 
16.4.2 
Subject to Clause 16.4.6, if the Agent is Insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to 
resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a 
successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other 
reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances. 
16.4.3 
A Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the 
Adjusted Nominal Amount of all outstanding Note Series may, by notice to the 
Issuer (such notice shall, if given by several Noteholders, be given by them 
jointly), require that a Noteholders’ Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing 
the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Noteholders’ 
Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to 
the Noteholders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed. 
16.4.4 
If the Noteholders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) days 
after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation 
otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the 
Noteholders, the Issuer shall within thirty (30) days thereafter appoint a 
successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other 
reputable company with the necessary resources to act as agent in respect of 
Market Debt. 
16.4.5 
The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent 
such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor 
Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as 
Agent under the Note Terms of all outstanding Note Series. 
16.4.6 
The Agent’s resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the earlier of (i) 
the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent 
of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to 
effectively substitute the retiring Agent, and (ii) the period pursuant to Clause 
16.4.4(ii) having lapsed. 
16.4.7 
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from 
any further obligation in respect of the Note Terms of all outstanding Note Series, 
but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Note Terms and remain liable under 
the Note Terms in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting 
as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the relevant Noteholders shall

--- Page 61 ---
60 
have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the respective 
Note Terms as they would have had if such successor had been the original 
Agent. 
16.4.8 
In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 
16.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new 
Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the 
rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from 
its further obligations under the Note Terms of the outstanding Note Series and 
the Agency Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agrees otherwise, 
the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as 
the retiring Agent. 
17 
No Direct Actions by Noteholders 
17.1 
A Noteholder may not take any steps whatsoever against any Group Company 
to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Note Terms, 
or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company 
reorganisation or bankruptcy (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction of any 
Group Company) in relation to any of the obligations liabilities of such Group 
Company under the Note Terms. Such steps may only be taken by the Agent. 
17.2 
Clause 17.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Noteholders 
for the relevant Note Series in accordance with the Note Terms to take certain 
actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other 
than a failure by a Noteholder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 
16.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or 
inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by 
the non-payment of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Note Terms 
or the Agency Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 16.2.11 such 
failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant 
to Clause 16.2.12 before a Noteholder may take any action referred to in Clause 
17.1. 
17.3 
The provisions of Clause 17.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Noteholder’s 
right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 8.4 
(Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a De-Listing Event 
(put option)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all 
Noteholders. 
18 
Prescription 
18.1 
The right to receive repayment of the principal of Notes issued under the MTN 
Programme shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the relevant 
Maturity Date (or other Redemption Date, if earlier). The right to receive payment 
of interest (excluding any capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become 
void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled 
to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Noteholders’ right to 
receive payment has been prescribed and has become void. 
18.2 
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on 
Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) 
years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes, 
and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest (excluding

--- Page 62 ---
61 
capitalised interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of 
interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the 
provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations. 
19 
Communications and Press Releases 
19.1 
Communications 
19.1.1 
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the 
Note Terms: 
(a) 
if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day 
prior to dispatch or to such address as notified by the Agent to the Issuer 
from time to time, and if sent by email by the Issuer, to the email address 
notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time; 
(b) 
if to the Administrative Agent, shall be given at the address registered 
with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on the Business Day 
prior to dispatch or to such address notified by the Administrative Agent 
from time to time or, if sent by email, to such email address notified by 
the Administrative Agent from time to time; 
(c) 
if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch, or 
to such address as notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to time, 
and if sent by email by the Agent, to the email address notified by the 
Issuer to the Agent from time to time; and 
(d) 
if to the Noteholders, shall be given at their addresses registered with the 
CSD on a date selected by the sending person which falls no more than 
five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which the notice or 
communication is sent, and by either courier delivery (if practically 
possible) or letter for all Noteholders. A Notice to the Noteholders shall 
also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent. 
19.1.2 
Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in 
connection with the Note Terms shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery 
or letter or, if between the Issuer and the Agent, by email, and will only be 
effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the 
address specified in Clause 19.1.1 or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days 
after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address 
specified in Clause 19.1.1 or, in case of email, when received in readable form 
by the email recipient. 
19.1.3 
Any notice or other communication pursuant to the Note Terms shall be in 
English. However, financial reports published pursuant to Clause 9.1.1 may be 
in Swedish. 
19.1.4 
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Noteholder or any defect in 
it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Noteholders.

--- Page 63 ---
62 
19.2 
Press releases 
19.2.1 
Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Noteholders pursuant to 
Clauses 8.2, 8.4, 9.1.2, 11.4, 12.5, 13.4.13, 13.2.1, 13.3.1, 14.5, 15.5, 16.2.13 
and 16.4.1 shall also be published by way of press release by the issuer. 
19.2.2 
In addition to Clause 19.1.1, if, any information relating to the Notes or the Group 
contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Noteholders under these General 
Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press 
release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Noteholders give 
the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. 
If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it 
necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can 
lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Noteholders, the Agent 
shall be entitled to issue such press release (to the extent it is able to do so). 
20 
Force Majeure and Liability 
20.1 
Neither the Agent, the Administrative Agent nor the Dealers shall be held 
responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure 
taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other 
similar circumstance (a “Force Majeure Event”). The reservation in respect of 
strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent, the 
Administrative Agent or any Dealer itself takes such measures, or is subject to 
such measures. 
20.2 
Losses arising in other cases shall not be compensated by an Issuing Dealer if 
the relevant entity has exercised due care. In no case shall compensation be 
paid for indirect losses. 
20.3 
Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing 
Dealer of a Note Series from taking any action required to comply with the 
relevant Note Terms, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been 
removed. 
20.4 
The provisions in this Clause 20 apply unless they are inconsistent with the 
provisions of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act, which respective provisions 
shall take precedence. 
21 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
21.1 
The Note Terms, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of Sweden. 
21.2 
The Issuer submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the City Court of 
Stockholm (Sw. Stockholms tingsrätt). 
________________________

--- Page 64 ---
63 
 
 
 
 
We hereby certify that the above General Terms and Conditions are binding upon 
ourselves. 
 
Stockholm, 21 May 2021 
 
K2A Knaust & Andersson Fastigheter
AB (publ) as Issuer 
 
By: 
 
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above General Terms and 
Conditions to the extent they refer to us. 
 
Stockholm, 21 May 2021 
 
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) as 
Agent 
 
By:

--- Page 65 ---
64 
 
 
Schedule 1 
Form of Final Terms 
Final Terms 
K2A Knaust & Andersson Fastigheter AB (publ) Final Terms for Note Series number 
[●] under K2A Knaust & Andersson Fastigheter AB (publ)’s Swedish MTN 
Programme (the “MTN Programme”) 
The following are the final terms and conditions (“Final Terms”) of Note Series no. [●] (the 
“Note Series”) that K2A Knaust & Andersson Fastigheter AB (publ) (the “Issuer”) issues 
in the capital market under the MTN Programme. 
The general terms and conditions dated 21 May 2021 (the “General Terms and 
Conditions”) set out in the Issuer’s base prospectus dated [●] 2021, approved and 
registered with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on [●] 2021, prepared by the 
Issuer in accordance with Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 “Prospectus 
Regulation” ([as supplemented on [●]], the “Base Prospectus”) and the Final Terms set 
forth below shall apply to the Note Series. Unless otherwise stated, definitions used in 
these Final Terms shall have the meaning set forth in the General Terms and Conditions 
or otherwise in the Issuer’s Base Prospectus, including any published supplemental 
prospectus prepared for the MTN Programme from time to time in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the Note Series and has been prepared in 
accordance with Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. Complete information regarding 
the Issuer and the Note Series may only be obtained through a reading of the Final Terms 
together with the Base Prospectus. The [Issuer’s Green Finance Framework, the] Base 
Prospectus and any supplemental prospectus are available on the Issuer’s website 
[(www.k2a. se)]. 
[[These Final Terms replace the Final Terms dated [date], whereupon the Total Nominal 
Amount has been increased from [SEK]/[EUR]] [amount in figures] to [SEK]/[EUR] 
[amount in figures].] 
 
GENERAL 
1.  Note Series number: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Tranche number:  
[●] 
2.  Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 (i) 
For the Note Series: 
[SEK]/[EUR] [●] 
 (ii) 
Tranche 1: 
[SEK]/[EUR] [●]

--- Page 66 ---
65 
 [(iii) 
Tranche [2]: 
[SEK]/[EUR] [●]] 
3.  Price per Note: 
[●] % of the Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest 
from and including [●]] 
4.  Currency: 
[SEK]/[EUR] 
5.  Nominal Amount: 
[SEK]/[EUR] [●] [(the stated amount may not be 
less than EUR 100,000 or an equivalent amount in 
SEK)] 
6.  First Issue Date: 
[●] 
7.  Issue Date: 
[●]  
8.  Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
9.  Maturity Date: 
[●] 
10.  Voluntary total redemption (call 
option): 
[●] [Further details specified under paragraph 16] 
[Not Applicable] 
11.  Interest structure: 
[Fixed interest]/ 
[Floating Rate (FRN)] 
12.  Basis for calculation of interest: 
[Nominal Amount]/ [●] 
 BASIS FOR CALCULATION OF RETURN 
13.  Fixed Interest Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subheadings under this heading) 
 (i) 
 Interest Rate: 
[●] % per annum 
 (ii) 
 Interest Period: 
[Period from (but excluding) [●] up to and including 
[●] (the first interest period) and thereafter each 
period of approximately [●] months with the final 
day on an Interest Payment Date] 
(Correct the above in the event of a short or long 
first coupon)

--- Page 67 ---
66 
 
(iii) 
 Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Annually [●]] [semi-annually [●] and [●] ] [quarterly 
[●], [●], [●] and [●]], the first time on [●] and the last 
time on [●], however if such a day is not a Business 
Day, interest will not be paid until the following 
Business Day. 
 
(iv) 
 Day Count Convention: 
[30/360]/[Actual/360] 
 
(v) 
 Risk factors:  
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading 
[●] in the Base Prospectus 
14.  Floating Rate (FRN:) 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subheadings under this heading) 
 (i) 
 Base Rate: 
[●] months [[STIBOR]/[EURIBOR]] 
[The Base Rate for the first coupon will be a linear 
interpolation between [●] months [STIBOR]/ 
[EURIBOR and [●] months [STIBOR]/[EURIBOR]] 
 (ii) 
 Base Rate Margin: 
[+/-][●] % per annum 
 (iii) 
 Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
Two Business Days prior to the first day of each 
Interest Period, commencing on [●] 
 (iv) 
 Interest Period: 
[Period from (but excluding) [●] up to and including 
[●] (the first interest period) and thereafter each 
period of approximately [●] months with the final 
day 
on 
an 
Interest 
Payment 
Date]
 
 (v) 
 Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●], [●], [●] and [●] of each year, the first time on [●] 
and the last time on [●]. However, if such a day is 
not a Business Day, the Interest Payment Date 
shall instead be the next Business Day provided 
that such Business Day does not fall in the new 
calendar month, in which case the Interest 
Payment Date shall be the preceding Business 
Day. 
 (vi) 
 Day Count Convention: 
[30/360]/[Actual/360] 
 (vii) 
 Risk factors:  
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading 
[●] in the Base Prospectus

--- Page 68 ---
67 
  
 
REPAYMENT 
15.  Amount with which Notes are to 
be repaid on the Maturity Date: 
[●] % of the Nominal Amount 
16.  Voluntary total redemption (call 
option): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subheadings under this heading) 
 
 
[The Issuer may redeem all, and not some only, of 
the outstanding Notes in accordance with Clause 
8.2 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)) in the 
General Terms and Conditions:] 
 
 
[[(i)] at any time from and including [the first 
Business Day falling [●] ([●])[months/days] after 
the [First Issue Date] / [●] to, but excluding, [the 
Maturity Date] / [●] at an amount per Note equal to 
[●] per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with 
accrued but unpaid interest;][and/or] 
[[(i)] / [(ii)] at any time from and including the first 
Business Day falling [●] ([●]) [months/days] prior to 
the Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Maturity 
Date, at an amount equal to 100 per cent. of the 
Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid 
interest [in connection with a refinancing of the 
Notes in full or in part with one or several new note 
issue or other similar capital markets issues.]] 
[Specify] 
MISCELLANEOUS 
17.  Green Notes 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[[Green Finance Framework dated [●] applies to 
this Note Series]]

--- Page 69 ---
68 
 (i) 
Risk factors: 
[In accordance with the risk factor[s] titled [●] in the 
Base Prospectus]/[Not applicable] 
18.  Issuing Dealer(s): 
 [Nordea Bank Abp] [Swedbank AB (publ)] / [●] 
19.  Administrative Agent: 
 [Nordea Bank Abp] / [Swedbank AB (publ)] / [●] 
20.  CSD: 
[Euroclear] / [●] 
21.  Admission to listing: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]  
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subheadings 
under 
this 
section)
  
 
(i) 
 Regulated Market: 
An application for registration will be submitted to 
the [Corporate] / [Sustainable] [bond list of Nasdaq 
Stockholm] / [state other Regulated Market] 
(if Green Notes under item 17 above have been 
specified as applicable, such Notes are to be listed 
on the Sustainable Bond List of Nasdaq Stockholm 
if possible) 
 
(ii) 
 Estimate of all costs in 
conjunction with admission 
to listing: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
 Total number of Notes 
admitted to listing: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
 Earliest date for admission 
to listing: 
Tranche 1: [●] 
[Tranche 2:] [●] 
22.  ISIN: 
[SE[●]]  
23.  Common Code: 
[●] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 70 ---
69 
24.  Credit rating for Note Series: 
[Not applicable] / [Specify] 
25.  Resolution as basis for the Issue:
[Specify] 
26.  Interests of natural or legal 
persons involved in the issue: 
[Other than the compensation paid to the Issuing 
Dealers based on their participation in the MTN 
Programme and this issue, the Issuer is not aware 
of any persons involved with any interest of 
significance to the issue] / [Specify] 
[description of the interests of significance to the 
issue for any natural or legal persons involved in 
the issue, including conflicts of interest] 
27.  Information from third parties: 
[Any information in these Final Terms which has 
been sourced form a third party has been 
accurately reproduced and, as for as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by that third party, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading] / [Not 
Applicable] 
28.  Use of proceeds: 
[General corporate purposes] / [[To be used in 
accordance with the Issuer’s Green Finance 
Framework dated [date]]] / [●] 
29.  Net proceeds: 
[●] [less customary transaction costs and fees] / 
[Specify] 
The Issuer confirms that it has disclosed all material events after the date of this MTN 
Programme regarding the Base Prospectus that could affect the market’s perception of 
the Issuer. 
The Issuer further confirms that the above Final Terms are applicable to the Note Series, 
together with the General Terms and Conditions, and undertakes accordingly to pay 
principal and, where applicable, interest. 
[Place] [date for signing of Final Terms]

--- Page 71 ---
70 
K2A Knaust & Andersson Fastigheter AB (publ) 
 Schedule 2 
Form of Compliance Certificate 
Compliance certificate 
 
To: 
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) as Agent 
From: 
K2A Knaust & Andersson Fastigheter AB (publ) 
Dated: 
[●] 
 
Dear Sirs, 
K2A Knaust & Andersson Fastigheter AB (publ)’s MTN Programme (the “MTN 
Programme”) 
(1) 
We refer to the general terms and conditions dated 21 May 2021 (the “General 
Terms and Conditions”). This is a Compliance Certificate with respect to the 
Reference Period [●] – [●]. Terms defined in the General Terms and Conditions 
have the same meaning when used in this Compliance Certificate unless given 
a different meaning in this Compliance Certificate. 
(2) 
[We confirm that: 
(a) 
the Equity Ratio on the Reference Date [date], was [●]; and 
(b) 
the Interest Coverage Ratio on the Reference Date [date] was [●]. 
We confirm that the Maintenance Covenants are met.] 
[We confirm that the Equity Ratio is equal to or higher than (20.00) per cent. 
calculated in accordance with the calculation principles set out in Clause 10.6.2 
of the General Terms and Conditions.]1  
(3) 
We have attached calculations and figures establishing the figures in paragraph 
(2). 
(4) 
We confirm that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from the expiry 
of a grace period, the giving of a notice, the making of any determination (or 
any combination of the foregoing) [or from the issue of the [Notes]2  [or from the 
making of the Restricted Payment consisting of [specify Restricted Payment for 
the relevant situation]3. [If this statement cannot be made, the certificate should 
identify any Event of Default that is continuing and the steps, if any, being taken 
to remedy it.] 
                                               
1 Only to be included if this compliance certificate is provided in connection with the Incurrence Test. 
2 If this statement cannot be made, the certificate should identify any Event of Default that is continuing and the steps, if 
any, being taken to remedy it. 
3 Only to be included if this compliance certificate is provided in connection with the Incurrence Test.

--- Page 72 ---
71 
(5) 
[Attached hereto you will find copies of any notices sent to the Regulated 
Market.] 
 
 
___________________________ 
___________________________ 
Name: 
Name:

--- Page 73 ---
72 
5 
THE ISSUER AND ITS OPERATIONS 
5.1 
Company description  
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is K2A Knaust & Andersson Fastigheter 
AB (publ) and its registration number is 556943-7600. The Issuer was 
incorporated in Sweden and founded as well as registered with the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on 27 September 2013. The 
Issuer is a public limited liability company (Sw. publikt aktiebolag) subject to, inter 
alia, the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslag (2005:551)) and the 
Swedish Annual Accounts Act (Sw. årsredovisningslag (1995:1554)). The seat 
of the Issuer is in Stockholm. The Issuer’s operations are governed by Swedish 
law.  
The Issuer’s head office and registered address is Nybrogatan 59, 114 40 
Stockholm. 
The 
Issuer’s 
legal 
identifier 
code 
(LEI 
code) 
is 
549300Q62J8QZJ5TGJ71. The telephone number of the Issuer is 010-
510 55 10. The website of the Issuer is www.k2a.se. Information made available 
on the Issuer’s website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless such 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
According to section three of the Issuer’s articles of association, the purpose and 
business of the Issuer is to directly and/or indirectly own and manage real estate, 
conduct consultative activities regarding property management and financing, 
engage in securities trading, and thereto pertaining business.  
5.2 
Business and operations 
The Issuer’s main business idea is to engage in long-term ownership, 
development and management of rental housing and properties for public use in 
Stockholm, Mälardalen and at a number of university cities in Sweden, such as 
Gävle, Karlstad, Kiruna, Lund, Sundsvall, Umeå, Uppsala, Växjö and Örebro. 
As of 31 March 2021, the Issuer’s property portfolio consisted of a total of 3,103 
rental apartments. The total lettable area amounted to approximately 115.6 
thousand square meters, the fair value of the investment properties amounted to 
approximately MSEK 6,447 and the total rental value amounted to approximately 
MSEK 253. Rental housing constituted the largest category, corresponding to 
approximately 44 per cent. of the rental value, while student housing constituted 
approximately 43 per cent. of the rental value and properties for public use 
approximately 13 per cent. Geographically, Stockholm and Mälardalen 
constituted the Issuer’s largest market with 49 per cent. of the rental value, while 
university cities accounted for 38 per cent. of the rental value and other locations 
13 per cent. of the rental value. 
As of 31 March 2021, the Issuer had projects with the purposes of producing 
5,237 apartments with an estimated total rental value of approximately MSEK 
515. As of the aforementioned date, 1,675 of these apartments were in 
production and for the remaining apartments, production has not yet started.  
The Issuer is active in all parts of the value chain - from the initial customer 
analysis and land acquisition to production and construction of the apartments 
and finally leasing and management of the apartments.

--- Page 74 ---
73 
The Issuer’s conducts analyses to investigate what is most important to potential 
tenants. Such studies have proven that a well-planned layout and high 
functionality are normally more important to the tenants than the size of the 
apartment. 
The Issuer normally acquires land in two different ways; through land allocations 
and through off-market-transactions. In land allocation procedures, a municipality 
distributes land to one developer or a group of developers in connection with the 
municipality’s planning of a new built environment. Normally, the developer who 
wins a land allocation has the exclusive right to negotiate with the municipality, 
for a certain period of time and under certain conditions, regarding the 
exploitation of the land that has been assigned to the developer. The off-market-
transactions are privately negotiated transactions. 
Through the subsidiary Grännäs Trähus AB, the Issuer has access to its own 
production capacity. The Issuer normally produces four types of well-planned 
standard apartments which can be adapted to different environments and 
requirements. The standardised production of these apartments provides the 
basis for an efficient production process. Furthermore, since the Issuer has its 
own factories, it allows production capacity to be adjusted, which, in turn, might 
result in better control in terms of deliveries and production costs. When the units 
are completed, they are transported to the building site and then assembled to 
create complete residential buildings. 
The Issuer also manage the leasing and management of the residences and 
properties. This, among other things, includes maintenance in order to maintain 
the long-term value of the properties. 
The Issuer practices a sustainability perspective on both its production of 
apartments and its property management. The Issuer’s production method 
contributes to an environmentally sustainable development of the property 
market. The production method involves manufacturing apartments mainly in 
wood, which is a versatile material and the only economically competitive 
renewable building material. Ecolabelling Sweden AB (Sw. Miljömärkning 
Sverige AB) has examined the Issuer’s production process and awarded the 
Issuer with a licence to Nordic Swan Ecolabel (Sw. Svanenmärka) all upcoming 
and self-produced property productions.  
5.3 
Organisational structure  
As per the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is the parent company of 75 
directly or indirectly owned subsidiaries. All subsidiaries, except for Svenska 
Studenthus i Linköping AB, K2A Samhällsfastigheter i Karlstad AB and Grännäs 
Trähus AB and its subsidiaries are fully owned by the Issuer. As the Issuer’s 
operations are conducted by the subsidiaries, the Issuer is dependent on its 
subsidiaries to generate revenues and profits in order to be able to fulfil its 
obligations. 
In addition to companies directly or indirectly owned by the Issuer, the Issuer 
from time to time holds shares in companies through which properties are owned 
jointly with other investors. For example, the Issuer (through its subsidiaries) and 
Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (through its subsidiaries) are joint owners 
of Slaggborn Utvecklings AB. Further, the Issuer (through its subsidiaries) and

--- Page 75 ---
74 
Genova Property Group AB (through its subsidiaries) are joint owners of Genova 
Viby Holding AB. 
5.4 
Share capital, shares and ownership structure  
Pursuant to its articles of association, the Issuer’s share capital shall be not less 
than SEK 75,000,000 and not more than SEK 300,000,000 split into not less than 
12,000,000 shares and not more than 48,000,000 shares. On the day of this Base 
Prospectus the Issuer’s share capital amounts to SEK 118,043,500 split into 
18,886,960 shares. All outstanding shares issued by the Issuer have been fully 
paid. 
Shares in the Issuer may be issued in four classes; ordinary class A, B and D 
shares, and preference shares. Class A shares carry ten (10) votes per share. 
Class B and D shares and preference shares carry one (1) vote per share. On 
the day of this Base Prospectus the number of class A shares amounts to 
2,120,928, class B shares to 13,600,000, class D shares to 1,361,232 and 
preference shares to 1,804,800. The Issuer’s class B shares and preference 
shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. 
The following table sets forth the major shareholders in the Issuer as of  
31 March 2021. 
 
Shareholder 
 
Number of shares 
Percentage of 
Series A 
Series B 
Series D 
Preference 
shares 
Shares, 
% 
Voting 
rights, % 
Johan Knaust (private 
and through 
companies) 
568,368 
3,480,403 
1,361,232 
94,025 
29.1 
28.0 
Länsförsäkringar 
Fastighetsfond 
- 
2,200,707 
- 
- 
11.7 
5.8 
Johan Thorell (private 
and through 
companies) 
482,400 
1,125,600 
- 
19,499 
8.6 
15.7 
Johan Ljungberg 
(private and through 
companies) 
482,400 
1,125,600 
- 
13,864 
8.6 
15.7 
Claes-Henrik Julander 
(private and through 
companies) 
435,360 
1,017,256 
- 
17,659 
7.8 
14.2 
SEB Fonder 
- 
1,204,194 
- 
- 
6.4 
3.2 
Swedbank Försäkring 
- 
611,429 
- 
68,422 
3.6 
1.8 
Ludwig Holmgren 
152,400 
313,346 
- 
2,032 
2.5 
4.8 
Verdipapirfond Odin 
Ejendom 
- 
467,995 
- 
- 
2.5 
1.2 
Enter Fonder 
- 
463,504 
- 
- 
2.5 
1.2 
Total for the ten 
largest shareholders 
2,120,928 
12,010,034 
1,361,232 
215,501 
83.3 
91.6 
Others 
- 
1,589,966 
- 
1,589,299 
16.7 
8.4 
Total 
2,120,928 
13,600,000 
1,361,232 
1,804,800 
100 
100

--- Page 76 ---
75 
 
As far as the Issuer is aware, there are no direct or indirect significant ownership 
or control over the Issuer in addition to the table above. Further, there are 
currently no known agreements or other arrangements that will or may result in 
a change of control over the Issuer. 
The shareholders’ influence is exercised through active participation in the 
decisions made at general meetings of the Issuer. To ensure that the control over 
the Issuer is not abused, the Issuer complies with the Swedish Companies Act. 
In addition, the Issuer acts in accordance with the rules of procedure of the board 
of directors and the instructions for the managing director adopted by the Issuer.

--- Page 77 ---
76 
6 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND AUDITOR 
6.1 
Board of directors  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s board of directors consists of 
seven ordinary board members, including the chairman of the board, elected on 
the annual general meeting for the period up to the end of the 2022 annual 
general meeting. According to the Issuer’s articles of association, the board shall 
consist of a minimum of three and a maximum of seven board members. All 
members of the board of directors and senior executives can be reached through 
the Issuer’s address, stated in the section 8 "Addresses" below. 
 
Name 
Position 
Elected 
as board 
member 
Independent in 
relation to the 
Issuer and its 
management 
Independent in 
relation to major 
shareholders 
Johan Thorell 
Chairman of the 
board of directors 
2015 
Yes 
No4 
Johan Ljungberg 
Board member 
2017 
Yes 
No5 
Claes-Henrik 
Julander 
Board member 
2014 
Yes 
No6 
Ingrid Lindquist 
Board member 
2019 
Yes 
Yes 
Ludwig Holmgren 
Board member 
2017 
Yes 
Yes 
Sten Gejrot 
Board member 
2017 
No7 
Yes 
Johan Knaust 
Board member 
and CEO 
2013 
No8 
No9 
 
 
Johan Thorell (born 1970) 
Chairman of the board since 2015. Member of the Issuer’s audit committee (Sw. 
revisionsutskott) 
Significant commitments outside the Group: chairman of the board directors of 
Kallebäck Property Invest AB. Board member of AB Sagax, Hemsö Fastighets 
AB, Tagehus Holding AB and Storskogen Group AB. 
Shareholdings in the Issuer: 482,400 class A shares, 1,125,600 class B shares 
and 19,499 preference shares, held privately and/or through companies. 
                                               
4 Johan Thorell controls (private and/or through companies) more than ten per cent. of the shares and/or votes in the Issuer. 
5 Johan Ljungberg controls (private and/or through companies) more than ten per cent. of the shares and/or votes in the 
Issuer. 
6 Claes-Henrik Julander controls (private and/or through companies) more than ten per cent. of the shares and/or votes in 
the Issuer. 
7 Sten Gejrot is partner at Advokatfirman Lindahl from which the Issuer purchases legal services.  
8 Johan Knaust is the CEO of the Issuer. 
9 Johan Knaust controls (private and/or through companies) more than ten per cent. of the shares and/or votes in the Issuer.

--- Page 78 ---
77 
Johan Ljungberg (born 1972) 
Board member since 2017. Member of the Issuer’s sustainability committee (Sw. 
hållbarhetsutskott) 
Significant commitments outside the Group: chairman of the board of directors of 
Atrium 
Ljungberg 
AB, 
Tagehus 
Holding 
AB 
and 
John 
Mattson 
Fastighetsföretagen AB. 
Shareholdings in the Issuer: 482,400 class A shares, 1,125,600 class B shares 
and 13,864 preference shares, held privately and/or through companies. 
Claes-Henrik Julander (born 1969) 
Board member since 2014. Member of the Issuer’s audit committee (Sw. 
revisionsutskott) 
Significant commitments outside the Group: chairman of the board of directors of 
Erik Penser Bank Aktiebolag and Star Stable Entertainment AB. Board member 
of Biocrine AB, Svipdag AB, The Forest Solution Falun Sweden AB and Yggdrasil 
AB. 
Shareholdings in the Issuer: 435,360 class A shares, 1,017,256 class B shares 
and 17,659 preference shares, held privately and/or through companies. 
Ingrid Lindquist (born 1957) 
Board member since 2019. Member of the Issuer’s audit committee (Sw. 
revisionsutskott) 
Significant commitments outside the Group: chairman of the board of directors of 
Lysa AB. Board member of Hobohm Brothers Equity AB, Länsförsäkringar 
Stockholm, Kavat Vård AB, Fora AB, Collectum AB, Wise Group AB and 
Kollektivavtalsinformation Sverige AB. 
Shareholdings in the Issuer: 6,000 class B shares, held privately and/or through 
companies. 
Ludwig Holmgren (born 1972)  
Board member since 2017. Member of the Issuer’s sustainability committee (Sw. 
hållbarhetsutskott) 
Significant commitments outside the Group: Head of Business Development at 
Carneo Asset Managers. 
Shareholdings in the Issuer: 152,400 class A shares, 313,346 class B shares and 
2,032 preference shares, held privately and/or through companies. 
Sten Gejrot (born 1962) 
Board member since 2017. 
Significant commitments outside the Group: Lawyer and partner of 
Advokatfirman Lindahl.

--- Page 79 ---
78 
Shareholdings in the Issuer: 2,000 class B shares, held through a company. 
Johan Knaust (born 1971) 
Board member and CEO since 2013. Member of the Issuer’s sustainability 
committee (Sw. hållbarhetsutskott) 
Significant commitments outside the Group: Johan Knaust has no other on-going 
commitments of significance. 
Shareholdings in the Issuer: 568,368 class A shares, 3,480,403 class B shares, 
1,361,232 class D shares and 94,025 preference shares, held privately and/or 
through companies. 
6.2 
Senior management 
Name 
Position 
Employed (year) 
Johan Knaust  
CEO 
2013 
Christian Lindberg 
Deputy CEO 
2017 
Ulrika Grewe Ståhl 
CFO 
2020 
Sandra Sundman 
Head of finance 
2016 
Henrik Nordlund 
Head of asset management 
2020 
Karl Vahlund 
Head of transactions 
2019 
Erik Lemaitre 
Head of business development 
2020 
Karina Antin 
Head of sustainability 
2020 
Fredrik Widerstedt 
Project manager 
2016 
Emma Nyborg 
Head of marketing and communication 
2018 
 
 
Johan Knaust (born 1971)  
Board member and CEO since 2013.  
See above under section 6.1 “Board of directors”.  
Christian Lindberg (born 1980) 
Deputy CEO since 2020. Head of business development 2017–2018, CFO  
2018–2020 
Significant commitments outside the Group: Christian Lindberg has no other on-
going commitments of significance. 
Shareholdings in the Issuer: 75,000 class B shares, held privately and/or through 
companies.

--- Page 80 ---
79 
Ulrika Grewe Ståhl (born 1976) 
CFO since 2020 
Significant commitments outside the Group: Ulrika Grewe Ståhl has no other on-
going commitments of significance.  
Shareholdings in the Issuer: Ulrika Grewe Ståhl does not own any shares in the 
Issuer. 
Sandra Sundman (born 1986) 
Head of finance since 2018 
Significant commitments outside the Group: Sandra Sundman has no other on-
going commitments of significance. 
Shareholdings in the Issuer: 420 class B shares, held privately and/or through 
companies. 
Henrik Nordlund (born 1987) 
Head of asset management since 2020 
Significant commitment outside the Group: Henrik Nordlund has no other on-
going commitments of significance. 
Shareholdings in the Issuer: 300 class B shares, held privately and/or through 
companies. 
Karl Vahlund (born 1984) 
 
Head of transactions since 2019 
 Significant commitments outside the Group: Karl Vahlund has no other on-going 
commitments of significance. 
Shareholdings in the Issuer: 12,500 class B shares, held privately and/or through 
companies. 
Erik Lemaitre (born 1968) 
Head of business development since 2020 
Significant commitments outside the Group: Erik Lemaitre has no other on-going 
commitments of significance. 
Shareholdings in the Issuer: 1 000 class B shares, held privately and/or through 
companies. 
Karina Antin (born 1986) 
Head of sustainability since 2020  
Significant commitments outside the Group: Karina Antin has no other on-going 
commitments of significance. 
Shareholdings in the Issuer: Karina Antin does not own any shares in the Issuer.

--- Page 81 ---
80 
Fredrik Widerstedt (born 1983) 
Project manager since 2016  
Significant commitments outside the Group: Fredrik Widerstedt has no other on-
going commitments of significance. 
Shareholdings in the Issuer: 3,335 class B shares and 3 preference shares, held 
privately and/or through companies. 
Emma Nyborg (born 1989) 
Head of marketing and communication since 2021 
Significant commitments outside the Group: Emma Nyborg has no other on-
going commitments of significance. 
Shareholdings in the Issuer: 300 class B shares, held privately and/or through 
companies. 
6.3 
Possible conflicts of interest  
Save for what is mentioned below, the board members and the senior 
management do not have any private interests which could conflict with the 
Issuer’s interest. 
There are no family ties between the individuals on the Issuer’s board of directors 
or the senior management. However, as set out in section 6.1-6.2 above, certain 
members of the board of directors and senior management hold shares in the 
Issuer.  
Board members Johan Thorell and Johan Ljungberg have board assignments 
and own shares in other real estate companies which, directly or indirectly, 
operates on the Swedish real estate market. Situations may arise where Johan 
Thorell and Johan Ljungberg might have interests that differ from the Issuer’s 
interests. See section 6.1 "Board of directors" above for a description of Johan 
Thorell’s and Johan Ljungberg’s current on-going assignments. 
Board member Sten Gejrot is partner at Advokatfirman Lindahl, which regularly 
performs legal services for the Issuer. 
6.4 
Auditor 
According to the Issuer’s articles of association, the Issuer must have at least 
one and no more than two auditors, with or without deputies. KPMG AB has been 
the Issuer’s auditor during the period covered by the historical financial 
information. At the annual general meeting held on 28 April 2021, KPMG was re-
elected as auditor of the Issuer for the time until the end of the next annual 
meeting, and Peter Dahllöf (born 1972) replaced Fredrik Sjölander (born 1970) 
as KPMG’s auditor in charge. Peter Dahllöf is a certified public accountant and 
member of FAR. KPMG’s office address is Vasagatan 16, 101 27 Stockholm.

--- Page 82 ---
81 
7 
OTHER INFORMATION 
7.1 
Information regarding the Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the SFSA as competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council. 
The SFSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council. The SFSA’s approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of 
this Base Prospectus, nor should it be considered as an endorsement of the 
quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
securities. 
7.2 
Responsibility 
The board of directors of the Issuer is, to the extent provided by law, responsible 
for the information set out in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to the best 
of their knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely 
to affect its import. 
7.3 
Legal and arbitrary proceedings 
The Issuer is from time to time involved in governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings within its business. However, the Issuer has not been a party to any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened which the Issuer is aware of) during the previous 
twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have 
had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer’s financial position or 
profitability. 
7.4 
Certain material interests 
The Dealers (and closely related companies) have provided, and may in the 
future provide, certain investment banking and/or commercial banking and other 
services and facilities to the Issuer for which they have received, or will receive, 
remuneration. Accordingly, conflicts of interest may exist or may arise as a result 
of the Dealers having previously engaged, or in the future engaging, in 
transactions with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying out other 
transactions for third parties with conflicting interests. 
7.5 
Material changes and trend information  
There have been no significant changes to the Issuer’s financial performance or 
position since 31 March 2021 (the end of the last period where financial 
information is available). 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 
31 December 2020, being the end of the last financial period for which an audited 
financial report has been prepared and there has been no recent events specific 
to the Issuer which to a material extent are relevant to the evaluation of the 
Issuer’s solvency.

--- Page 83 ---
82 
7.6 
Material agreements 
The Issuer has not concluded any material agreements not entered into in the 
ordinary course of its business which could result in a member of the Group being 
under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet 
its obligations to the Noteholders. 
7.7 
Historical financial information  
The Issuer’s consolidated and audited annual reports for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, respectively, as well as the 
Issuer’s unaudited interim report for the period of 1 January 2021 to 31 March 
2021 (the “Financial Statements”), are incorporated into this Base Prospectus 
by reference to the extent set out below. The Financial Statements are to be read 
as part of this Base Prospectus, provided that the non-incorporated parts are not 
relevant for investors in the Notes or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer’s interim report for the period 1 January 2021 – 31 March 2021: 
1. 
consolidated income statement, page 18; 
2. 
consolidated balance sheet, page 19;  
3. 
consolidated statement of changes in equity, page 20; 
4. 
consolidated cash flow statement, page 21; 
5. 
the notes, page 25-28; and 
6. 
accounting policies, page 25. 
The Issuer’s annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2020: 
1. 
consolidated income statement, page 116; 
2. 
consolidated balance sheet, page 117; 
3. 
consolidated statement of changes in equity, page 118; 
4. 
consolidated cash flow statement, page 119; 
5. 
the notes, pages 124-142; and  
6. 
the audit report, pages 144-147. 
The Issuer’s annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2019: 
1. consolidated income statement, page 88; 
2. consolidated balance sheet, page 89; 
3. consolidated statement of changes in equity, page 90; 
4. consolidated cash flow statement, page 91; 
5. the notes, pages 96–113; and 
6. the audit report, pages 114–116. 
The Issuer’s annual reports for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2020, respectively, have been audited. The Issuer’s interim report 
for the period 1 January 2021 to 31 March 2021 has not been audited by the 
Issuer’s auditor. Save for what is mentioned above, the Issuer’s auditor has not 
audited or reviewed any part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 84 ---
83 
The audited annual reports have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and the interpretations provided by the 
International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”) as adopted 
by the EU. The interim report for the period 1 January 2021 – 31 March 2021 has 
been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standards (IAS) 34 
Interim Financial Reporting. Furthermore, the Issuer also applies the Swedish 
Annual Accounts Act.  
All 
Financial 
Statements 
are 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
https://investerare.k2a.se/sv/rapporter-presentationer and can be obtained in 
paper format at the Issuer’s head office at Nybrogatan 59, 114 40 Stockholm. 
7.8 
Documents available for inspection 
Copies of the following documents are available at the Issuer’s website 
(www.k2a.se): 
- 
The Issuer’s articles of association and certificate of registration; and 
- 
The Green Finance Framework.

--- Page 85 ---
84 
8 
ADDRESSES 
 
The Issuer 
K2A Knaust & Andersson Fastigheter  
AB (publ) 
Nybrogatan 59 
114 40 Stockholm 
010-510 55 10 
www.k2a.se  
 
Legal advisor 
Advokatfirman Lindahl KB 
Studentgatan 6 
211 38 Malmö 
040-664 66 50 
www.lindahl.se  
 
Dealer 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
105 34 Stockholm 
Stockholm: 08-700 99 98 
Göteborg: 031-739 78 50  
www.swedbank.se  
 
Agent 
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) 
Landsvägen 40 
Box 7329, 103 90 Stockholm 
08-783 79 00 
www.nordictrustee.com  
 
Dealer 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Smålandsgatan 17 
105 71 Stockholm 
010-157 10 00 
www.nordea.se  
Central Securities Depositary 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
Klarabergsviadukten 63 
Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm 
08-402 90 00 
www.euroclear.com/Sweden  
 
Auditor 
KPMG AB 
Vasagatan 16 
Box 382, 101 27 Stockholm 
08-723 91 00 
www.kpmg.se