--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
KBC IFIMA S.A. 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) 
Unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by KBC Bank NV 
(Incorporated with limited liability in Belgium) 
EUR 10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this EUR 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), KBC IFIMA S.A., a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated 
under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with registered office at 4 rue du Fort Wallis, L-2714 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the trade 
and companies register (RCS Luxembourg) under number B193577 (the “Issuer” or “KBC IFIMA S.A.”) may from time to time issue notes that are guaranteed by the Guarantor 
(the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of 
this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions herein. This does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The payments and, where applicable, delivery of all amounts due in respect of the Notes will be guaranteed by KBC Bank NV (the “Guarantor”) pursuant to a deed of guarantee 
dated 24 January 2022 as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time (the “Guarantee”) executed by the Guarantor. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding will not exceed EUR 10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to any Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis 
and which may include KBC Bank NV acting in its capacity as a Dealer separate from that as a Guarantor (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (the “CSSF”) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
According to Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the “Luxembourg Law on Prospectus”), the CSSF does not assume any 
responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor. The CSSF 
has neither reviewed nor approved the information contained in this Base Prospectus in relation to any issuance of any Notes that are (i) not to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or (ii) not to be offered to the public and, in 
each case, for which a prospectus is not required in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. In relation to any Notes, this Base Prospectus must be read as a whole and 
together with the relevant Final Terms (as defined below). Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions 
described or incorporated by reference herein. Application may also be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, on a specific segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to which only qualified 
investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access (the “Professional Segment”). References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) 
shall mean that such Notes are intended to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and are intended to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or, if applicable, the Professional Segment. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU, as amended (“MiFID 
II”). No certainty can be given that the application for the listing of any Notes will be granted. Furthermore, admission of the Notes to the Official List and trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or, if applicable, the Professional Segment is not an indication of the merits of the Issuer or the Notes. Unlisted Notes may also be issued 
pursuant to the Programme. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the Professional Segment (or any other stock exchange). 
This Base Prospectus received approval from the CSSF on 24 January 2022 and will be valid for 12 months from the date of its approval by the CSSF in relation to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances 
where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation and will expire with respect to such Notes on 24 January 2023. The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid. 
The final terms to this Base Prospectus in respect of the issue of any PD Notes (as defined below) (the “Final Terms”), which will complete the applicable terms and conditions of 
the Notes, will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of the Final Terms in relation to PD Notes to be admitted to trading and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s). In the case of Notes which are (i) to be admitted to trading on a regulated market (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) of an EEA Member State other 
than the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (a “Host Member State”); or (ii) offered to the public in a Host Member State, the Issuer will request that the CSSF 
delivers to the competent authority of the Host Member State a certificate of approval pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation attesting that the Base Prospectus has been 
drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.  
Notes to be issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus which are (a) offered to the public in the EEA in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation whether or not such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any market; or (b) admitted to trading 
on a regulated market as defined under MiFID II (including the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) are hereinafter referred to as the “PD Notes”. Any PD Notes 
which have a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) are hereinafter referred to as “Non-Exempt PD Notes”.  
PD Notes issued under this Programme may be issued in any denominations of not less than EUR 1,000 as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any regulated market (as defined under MiFID II) or offered to the public within the EEA which do 
not require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (“Exempt Notes”).  
The Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a temporary global Note (a “Temporary Global Note”) which will be delivered on or prior to the issue date thereof to a 
common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) or a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”), as the case may be, in either case for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) 
and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), and/or any other agreed clearance system which will be exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, for 
a permanent global Note (a “Permanent Global Note”) upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. A Permanent Global Note 
will be exchangeable for definitive Notes, either upon request or only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, all as further described in “Form of the Notes” below. 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to 
relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended, (the “CRA 
Regulation”) will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the 
suitability of the relevant Notes as an investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Certain issues of Notes involve a high degree of risk and 
potential investors should be prepared to sustain a loss of all or part of their investment. It is the responsibility of prospective purchasers to ensure that they have sufficient 
knowledge, experience and professional advice to make their own legal, financial, tax, accounting and other business evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in the 
Notes and are not relying on the advice of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer in that regard. For a discussion of the risks see “Risk Factors” below. An investment in 
Notes linked to one or more Reference Items may entail significant risks not associated with investments in a conventional debt security. Such Notes may be principal 
protected or, alternatively, the principal invested in such notes may be at risk. If the Notes are principal protected, such protection is nevertheless dependent on the Issuer, 
failing which, the Guarantor complying with its obligations with respect to the Notes. If the Notes are not principal protected, the amount paid by the Issuer on redemption 
of the Notes may be less than the nominal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued interest, and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
Arranger and Dealer 
KBC Bank 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 24 January 2022.

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”), and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. persons 
as defined in Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) except pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act (see 
“Subscription and Sale” below). 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS IN BELGIUM – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
specifies the “Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium” as “Applicable”, the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van 
economisch recht/Code de droit économique) in Belgium. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may  
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the 
purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II 
Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes,

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the MIFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.  
EU BENCHMARK REGULATION – Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one 
or more “benchmarks” for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 8 June 2016 (the “EU Benchmark Regulation”). In this case, a statement will be included in the 
applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is included in ESMA's 
register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. Certain “benchmarks” may either 
(i) not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation or (ii) the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation, apply such that the administrator of certain 
other “benchmarks” which would otherwise be in scope at the date of the relevant Final Terms is not required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside of the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence). 
All references in this document to “U.S. dollars”, “USD” and “U.S.$” refer to United States dollars, those to 
“Sterling” refer to pounds sterling, and those to “euro”, “€” and “EUR” refer to the currency introduced at the 
start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union, as amended. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
All references in this document to “KBC Bank Group” refer to KBC Bank NV together with its subsidiaries 
and all references in this document to “KBC Group”, “Group” or “KBC” refer to KBC Group NV together with 
its subsidiaries. 
References to “Affiliate” in this document, means in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity 
or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes “control” 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that constitute forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements relating to the Issuer’s 
or the Guarantor’s business strategies, trends in its business, competition and competitive advantage, regulatory 
changes and restructuring plans. 
Words such as believes, expects, projects, anticipates, seeks, estimates, intends, plans or similar expressions 
are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such 
statements. The Issuer and the Guarantor do not intend to update these forward-looking statements except as may 
be required by applicable securities laws. 
By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and 
specific, and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other outcomes described or implied in

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
forward-looking statements will not be achieved. A number of important factors could cause actual results, 
performance or achievements to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and 
intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements. These factors include: (i) the ability to maintain 
sufficient liquidity and access to capital markets; (ii) market and interest rate fluctuations; (iii) the strength of 
global economy in general and the strength of the economies of the countries in which the Issuer or the Guarantor 
conducts operations; (iv) the potential impact of sovereign risk in certain European Union countries; (v) adverse 
rating actions by credit rating agencies; (vi) the ability of counterparties to meet their obligations to the Issuer or 
the Guarantor; (vii) the effects of, and changes in, fiscal, monetary, trade and tax policies, financial regulation 
and currency fluctuations; (viii) the possibility of the imposition of foreign exchange controls by government and 
monetary authorities; (ix) operational factors, such as systems failure, human error, or the failure to implement 
procedures properly; (x) actions taken by regulators with respect to the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s business and 
practices in one or more of the countries in which the Issuer or the Guarantor conducts operations; (xi) the adverse 
resolution of litigation and other contingencies; (xii) the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s success at managing the risks 
involved in the foregoing. 
The foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive; when evaluating forward-looking statements, investors 
should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events, as well as the other risks 
identified in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus contains various amounts and percentages which have been rounded and, as a result, when 
those amounts and percentages are added up, they may not total. 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued under 
the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor (together the “Responsible Persons”) accepts responsibility for the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes inssued under the 
Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantor (each having taken all reasonable care 
to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
The applicable Final Terms will (if applicable) contain information relating to any underlying equity 
security, ETF share, basket of equity securities and/or ETF shares, index, inflation index, equity index, 
currency or debt security (each a “Reference Item”) to which the relevant Notes relate and which is 
contained in such Final Terms. However, unless otherwise expressly stated in the relevant Final Terms, any 
information contained therein relating to a Reference Item will only consist of extracts from, or summaries 
of, information contained in financial and other information released publicly by the issuer, owner or 
sponsor, as the case may be, of such Reference Item or component thereof. Each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor will, unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Final Terms, confirm that such extracts 
or summaries have been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Reference Item or 
component thereof, no facts have been omitted that would render the information reproduced inaccurate 
or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplement hereto and all documents which are 
deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference and form 
part of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been 
published. The information on websites referred to in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and 
do not form part of the Base Prospectus. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, any Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time does not 
accept any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported 
to be made by the Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the issue and offering

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
of the Notes. Each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or 
otherwise (save as referred to in this section) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or 
any such statement. The statements made in this paragraph are made without prejudice to the responsibility of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor under the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer to give any information or to make 
any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
(i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or of any Notes 
should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes constitutes an offer by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Dealer to any 
person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes issued hereunder shall 
in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer and/or the Guarantor is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The 
Dealers appointed under the Programme from time to time expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme. Investors should review, inter 
alia, the documents incorporated herein by reference when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated to the 
contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers which 
is intended to permit an offer to the public of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published 
in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves 
about, and observe any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of 
Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes 
in the United States, the EEA and the United Kingdom, see “Subscription and Sale” below. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it:

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
 
• 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement or in the applicable Final Terms; 
• 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; 
• 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
• 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
• 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments 
for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
No debt securities falling under Article 19 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the 
“Delegated Regulation”), i.e. securities that are exchangable for or convertible into shares, will be issued under 
this Base Prospectus. 
Should the Issuer intend to issue a type of Non-Exempt Note that is not expressly documented under this Base 
Prospectus, which may in particular concern certain types of Credit Linked Notes, for which the relevant 
Category A information within the meaning of Article 26 of the Delegated Regulation is not included in this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer will make such information available to prospective investors in accordance with the 
requirements of the Prospectus Regulation (such as, for example, by the publication of a drawdown prospectus 
containing the required Category A information referred to above).

--- Page 8 ---
1 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS ............................... iii 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................. 2 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................................... 6 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................... 44 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................ 50 
FORM OF THE NOTES........................................................................................................................................... 53 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................................... 55 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................... 120 
ANNEX 1 – Credit Linked Conditions ................................................................................................................... 208 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................................. 293 
FORM OF THE GUARANTEE ............................................................................................................................. 294 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ......................................................................................................................... 302 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR .............................................................................................................. 309 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................................ 342 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................................ 353 
GENERAL INFORMATION.................................................................................................................................. 357

--- Page 9 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
2 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section contains a general overview of the different types of Notes which can be issued under the Programme. 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder 
of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final 
Terms. The Issuer, the Guarantor and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that 
contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, and if appropriate, 
a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the “Delegated Regulation”). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings 
in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
KBC IFIMA S.A.  
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
213800PN8BSF31FXFM06 
Guarantor: 
KBC Bank NV 
Guarantor Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
6B2PBRV1FCJDMR45RZ53 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. There are also certain 
factors that may affect the Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Guarantee. In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme and risks relating to the structure of a particular Series of Notes 
issued under the Programme. All of these are set out under “Risk Factors”. 
Description of the Programme: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
KBC Bank NV 
Dealers: 
KBC Bank NV and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. 
Programme Size 
Up to EUR 10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer 
and the Guarantor may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private placement or more widely and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The manner of distribution 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes may be 
denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, yen and any other currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and 
unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note will have 
the maturity as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
3 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par 
or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of the Notes”. 
Type of Notes: 
The Issuer may issue: 
 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Notes, where the interest amount (if any) payable will be 
calculated by reference to a fixed rate of interest. 
 
(b) 
Floating Rate Notes, where the interest amount (if any) payable will be 
calculated by reference to a floating rate plus or minus a margin. 
 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes and other non-interest bearing Notes which do not 
bear or pay interest, but may be issued at a discount to their principal 
amount. 
 
(d) 
Index Linked Notes, where the interest (if any) payable on and/or the 
amount payable, or assets deliverable, on redemption of the Notes is 
determined by reference to an Index. 
 
(e) 
Equity Linked Notes, where the interest amount and/or redemption 
amount (if any) payable will be linked to a single Underlying Equity or a 
Basket of Underlying Equities. 
 
(f) 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes, where the interest amount and/or 
redemption amount is determined by reference to an Inflation Index. 
 
(g) 
Currency Linked Notes, where the interest amount and/or redemption 
amount (if any) payable will be linked to one or more currency exchange 
rates. 
 
(h) 
Credit Linked Notes, where the interest amount and/or redemption 
amount (if any) payable will be linked to a single Reference Entity, a 
basket of Reference Entities or an index of Reference Entities. 
 
The Issuer may also issue combinations of the above Notes. 
 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes 
may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, in which event the relevant provisions will be included in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Interest: 
The Notes may or may not bear or pay interest. Interest bearing or paying Notes 
will be any of Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Range Accrual Notes, 
Index Linked Interest Notes, Equity Linked Interest Notes, Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes, Currency Linked Interest Notes or Credit Linked Notes.  
 
Interest will be calculated and be payable on such date or dates as determined 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue of the relevant Notes. 
 
Interest Rates may be subject to a maximum and/or a minimum. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot 
be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons,

--- Page 11 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
4 
 
following an Event of Default or after the occurrence of certain other specified 
early redemption events, if, as the case may be, specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or, unless “Prohibition of sales to consumers in 
Belgium” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer. 
Final Redemption: 
The Notes may be redeemable at par or by payment of a specified percentage 
of their principal amount or an amount calculated in accordance with the 
applicable Conditions (in the case of Index Linked Redemption Notes, Equity 
Linked Redemption Notes and Currency Linked Redemption Notes) or the 
Credit Linked Conditions (in the case of Credit Linked Notes). 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €1,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in 
a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for or on 
account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in 
Condition 12 (Taxation). In the event that any such deduction is made, the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 12 (Taxation) and except when 
“Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium” is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, be required to pay additional amounts to cover 
the amounts so deducted. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu with all present and 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and pari passu 
without any preference among themselves except for obligations given priority 
by law. 
Guarantee: 
The Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor. The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee will 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Guarantor and rank and will rank pari passu with all present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, without any 
preference among themselves and pari passu without any preference one above 
the other by reason of priority of date of issue, currency of payment or 
otherwise, except for obligations given priority by law. 
Rating: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche 
of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Approval, listing and admission to 
trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF for approval of this Base Prospectus 
in respect of all Notes other than the Exempt Notes issued under the 
Programme.

--- Page 12 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
5 
 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market (including the professional segment of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market) and to be offered to the 
public in Luxembourg or any relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or 
further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to 
trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to 
be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets. 
Governing law: 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes (except Condition 2(c)), the Guarantee 
(except Clause 6) and the Coupons (and, in each case, any non-contractual 
obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith) shall be governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, English law. Condition 2(c) of the Notes, 
Clause 6 of the Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising 
therefrom or in connection therewith shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Belgian law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the United 
States, the EEA (including, Belgium), the United Kingdom and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exempt Notes: 
Under this Base Prospectus, the Issuer may also issue Exempt Notes (being 
Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation) and any terms and conditions not contained in this Base Prospectus 
which are applicable to such Exempt Notes will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 13 ---
Risk Factors 
 
6 
RISK FACTORS 
This section sets out the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, including 
key risks relating to investments linked to the different underlyings or bases of reference. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may 
not occur and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any 
such contingency occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to 
pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other unknown 
reasons or for reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer or the Guarantor based on 
the information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate and the Issuer and 
the Guarantor do not represent that the risks of holding any Notes as set out below are exhaustive. Prospective 
investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any 
documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision 
and consult with their own professional advisors (if they consider it necessary). 
THE PURCHASE OF NOTES MAY INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL RISKS. PRIOR TO MAKING AN 
INVESTMENT DECISION, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSIDER CAREFULLY, IN 
LIGHT OF THEIR OWN FINANCIAL CIRCUMSTANCES AND INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES, (I) 
ALL THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS (AND ANY SUPPLEMENT, 
IF APPLICABLE) AND, IN PARTICULAR, THE CONSIDERATIONS SET FORTH BELOW AND (II) 
ALL THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS. 
AN INVESTMENT IN NOTES LINKED TO ONE OR MORE REFERENCE ITEMS MAY ENTAIL 
SIGNIFICANT RISKS NOT ASSOCIATED WITH INVESTMENTS IN A CONVENTIONAL DEBT 
SECURITY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE RISKS SET OUT BELOW. SUCH NOTES 
MAY BE PRINCIPAL PROTECTED OR, ALTERNATIVELY, THE PRINCIPAL INVESTED IN SUCH 
NOTES MAY BE AT RISK. IF THE NOTES ARE PRINCIPAL PROTECTED, SUCH PROTECTION 
IS NEVERTHELESS DEPENDENT ON THE ISSUER, FAILING WHICH, THE GUARANTOR, 
PERFORMING ITS OBLIGATIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE NOTES. IF THE NOTES ARE NOT 
PRINCIPAL PROTECTED, THE AMOUNT PAID BY THE ISSUER ON REDEMPTION OF THE 
NOTES MAY BE LESS THAN THE NOMINAL AMOUNT OF THE NOTES, TOGETHER WITH ANY 
ACCRUED INTEREST, AND MAY IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES BE ZERO. 
CERTAIN ISSUES OF NOTES INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK AND POTENTIAL 
INVESTORS SHOULD BE PREPARED TO SUSTAIN A LOSS OF ALL OR PART OF THEIR 
INVESTMENT. 
Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall bear the meanings ascribed to them in the “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes” below.

--- Page 14 ---
Risk Factors 
 
7 
CONTENTS OF THESE RISK FACTORS 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................................... 6 
CONTENTS OF THESE RISK FACTORS................................................................................................................ 7 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR ........................................................... 8 
1 
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme .................................................................................................................................................. 8 
2 
Risks relating to the business activities of KBC Bank Group and the markets in which it operates .. 8 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES ...................................................................................................... 17 
3 
Risks relating to the structure and terms of the Notes .......................................................................... 17 
4 
Additional risks with respect to specific types of Notes ......................................................................... 28 
5 
Additional risks associated with Credit Linked Notes .......................................................................... 32 
6 
Risks related to the market generally ..................................................................................................... 40

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors 
 
8 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR 
1 
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme 
The Issuer is a finance vehicle whose principal purpose is to raise debt to be on-lent to the Guarantor and other 
subsidiaries of the Guarantor. The Issuer does not have any trading assets and does not generate trading income. 
Notes issued under the Programme are guaranteed pursuant to the Guarantee. Accordingly, if the Guarantor’s 
financial condition were to deteriorate, the Issuer and investors in the Notes may suffer direct and materially 
adverse consequences. 
The risk factors as set out below in respect of the Guarantor may also apply, directly and/or indirectly, to the 
Issuer, due to the interconnectedness of the credit risks of the Issuer and the Guarantor (since the Issuer is a 
fully-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor) and due to the Guarantor itself guaranteeing the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Guarantee. 
2 
Risks relating to the business activities of KBC Bank Group and the markets in which it operates 
2.1 
Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic 
Whilst the KBC Bank Group thoroughly assesses the risks assessments related to the Guarantor and the 
KBC Bank Group, the worldwide outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic is an unprecedented event which 
has put this assessment and its underpinnings to the test. 
There have been four explicit areas of particular focus for the Guarantor in this respect: (i) credit risk, 
(ii) liquidity risk, (iii) market risk and (iv) broader operational resilience.  
The worldwide economic challenges resulting from this crisis have the largest impact on credit losses in 
general, including credit losses incurred by the KBC Bank Group, both now and in the years ahead. Such 
credit losses include, but may not be limited to, credit losses situated in KBC Bank Group’s loan 
portfolio. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Credit risk”.  
In addition to the general credit risk, the Coronavirus crisis will also have a negative impact on 
counterparty credit risk, as certain counterparties will be adversely impacted by this crisis, preventing 
them from fulfilling their financial obligations towards the KBC Bank Group.  
Whilst the Guarantor may also face potential losses stemming from financial instruments to which the 
Guarantor is exposed via its trading and non-trading activities, this risk is not currently seen as being 
particularly higher as a direct consequence of the current Coronavirus crisis. Please also refer to the risk 
factors entitled “Market risk in non-trading activities” and “Market risk in trading activities”.  
Funding and liquidity risk also increase during a crisis as trust between financial institutions might 
decrease or disappear, which can influence the KBC Bank Group’s funding capabilities in the market as 
well as its liquidity position. As at the date of this Base Prospectus the liquidity position of the KBC 
Bank Group remains solid. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Liquidity risk”.  
Other risks are also impacted by the Coronavirus crisis, such as operational risk, both within the KBC 
Bank Group and in third parties to which the KBC Bank Group has outsourced some of its activities. 
Operational risks are related to business continuity management, information security, outsourcing risk 
and IT risk. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Operational risk”.

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
 
9 
The transition to new ways of working due to this crisis (e.g. remotely, from backup locations and home 
office) was organised without major incidents. New information flows were established to provide 
management with the most up-to-date and relevant information.  
The Coronavirus pandemic has also led to regulatory developments in the jurisdictions in which the 
Guarantor operates. As stated in the section “Note 1.4: Impact of the coronavirus crisis” on pages 121 
to 126 of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report which is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents incorporated by reference” on page 50 and 
following of this Base Prospectus, impairment on loans totalling EUR 1,068 million was recognised for 
the 2020 financial year. The impairment comprises collective impairment charges related to the 
Coronavirus crisis for an amount of EUR 783 million (EUR 111 million captured by Expected Credit 
Loss (“ECL”) models, and a management overlay of EUR 672 million) and other impairment charges 
for an amount of 285 million. As stated in the section “Covid-19 (note 1.4)” on pages 24 to 26 of the 
extended quarterly report for the second quarter of 2021 of KBC Group NV, which is available at 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/2q2021/2q2021-quarterly-
report-en.pdf and is not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the Group performed an 
update of its COVID-19 impact assessment in the second quarter of 2021 which resulted in a total 
collective COVID-19 ECL of EUR 628 million (versus EUR 757 million at the end of the first quarter 
of 2021). The latter implies an ECL decrease of EUR 129 million in the second quarter of 2021 compared 
to the 26 million ECL decrease of the first quarter of 2021. Including the total Coronavirus-related ECL, 
the credit cost ratio amounted to 0.60% in 2020. Disregarding the collective Coronavirus-related ECL, 
it would have been 0.16%. According to the extended quarterly report for the second quarter of 2021 of 
KBC Group NV, the credit cost ratio of the Group for the first six months of 2021 stood at – 0.22% (-
0.06% excluding the amount recorded for the Coronavirus crisis). For more information on the financial 
impact of the Coronavirus pandemic on the KBC Bank Group, as well as a status overview of the 
different government and sector measures in each of the KBC Bank Group’s core countries, please refer 
to pages 121 to 126 of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report.  
Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Legal and regulatory risk”. Examples include the measures 
and regulations adopted by the Belgian Federal Government regarding the granting of payment deferrals, 
additional lines of credit and other types of financial relief provided by the Belgian financial sector. 
Payment deferrals, guarantee schemes and liquidity assistance measures were also adopted by the local 
governments in our other core countries, in close cooperation with the national regulator.  
The Coronavirus pandemic had a negative impact on the profitability and performance of the Guarantor 
as well as on the credit rating and more specifically the credit rating outlook of the KBC Bank Group. 
Going forward, the impacts of the crisis may continue to weigh on profitability. For an overview of the 
Group’s current credit ratings, please refer to the risk factor entitled “Credit ratings” on page 15 of this 
Base Prospectus and the section entitled “Credit ratings” in the “Description of the Guarantor” on pages 
310 and 311 of this Base Prospectus. 
The Guarantor also refers to the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report (which is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus) in its entirety, for the financial reporting on the full-year of 2020 (in which the 
COVID-19 crisis started). 
2.2 
Legal and regulatory risk 
The Guarantor’s business activities are subject to substantial regulation and regulatory oversight in the 
jurisdictions in which it operates. 
Recent regulatory and legislative developments applicable to credit institutions, such as the KBC Bank 
Group may adversely impact the Guarantor and/or its subsidiaries, its business, financial condition or

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
 
10 
results of operation. A non-exhaustive overview of certain important regulatory and legislative 
developments, such as changes to the prudential requirements for credit institutions, capital adequacy 
rules, recovery and resolution mechanisms, is set out in the section entitled “Banking supervision and 
regulation” in the “Description of the Guarantor” starting on page 328 of this Base Prospectus. 
Moreover, there seems to have been an increase in the level of diligence (e.g. additional ad hoc data 
collection exercises, questionnaires, etc.) applied by governments and regulators to enforce applicable 
regulations and calls to impose further charges on the financial services industry in recent years (e.g. 
additional levy of taxes). Such increased scrutiny or charges may require the Guarantor to take additional 
measures which, in turn, may have adverse effects on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
One of the factors that currently remain uncertain, is the structure of the future relationship of the United 
Kingdom (the “UK”) with the European Union (the “EU”). The trade deal contains limited application 
to financial services and no decisions on regulatory equivalence through which the EU recognises the 
UK regulatory regime and its different rules. This absence of equivalence recognition has its 
consequences, especially for cross-border financial activities between the UK and the EU. 
The technical negotiations linked to the Financial Services Memorandum of Understanding which sets 
out a framework for regulatory co-operation and a joint forum for discussing rules and procedures as 
well as the sharing of information, were concluded before the end of March 2021. However, further 
formal steps need to be undertaken on both sides before the Memorandum of Understanding can be 
signed. The KBC Bank Group does not expect there to be any material impact on its activities. The focus 
of the KBC Bank Group has now shifted to following up regulatory equivalence decisions and the 
possible regulatory divergence that the UK wants to pursue. 
Not only Brexit, but also environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) risks are high on the agenda of 
the legislators and regulators, leading to a number of directives, guidelines and disclosure requirements. 
These have to be gradually implemented in the coming years with the main focus on strategy, 
governance, risk management and internal and external reporting. The Guarantor is taking the necessary 
actions to implement and to be compliant with all new regulation aiming for a timely implementation. 
The importance of such disclosure for market participants, investors and society in general will only 
increase. For example, based upon the disclosure, financial institutions, and the Guarantor in particular, 
will be judged on how well they adapt to climate change and other ESG related aspects. 
Operational resilience is also increasingly becoming a focus point of regulators, inspired by the 
Coronavirus crisis and the increasing cyber threats. The ECB announced that they will engage with 
institutions to ensure that operational disruptions are properly planned for, managed and mitigated. 
Within the KBC Bank Group, key building blocks (such as business continuity management, cyber 
security and outsourcing risk management) are in place and are being further improved. However, 
whether additional steps are needed and how the different existing building blocks can be better 
integrated will be investigated further. 
Any failure by the Guarantor to meet legal and regulatory requirements could result in administrative, 
civil and/or criminal actions or sanctions. 
2.3 
Performance risk 
In recent years, the Guarantor’s performance remained very strong (e.g. as reflected in the high return 
on equity of 5.9% as at 31 December 2020, despite the adverse impact of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) 
pandemic), which underlines the resiliency of its business model in a challenging environment.

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
 
11 
The Guarantor is operating in a dynamic environment and a world of disruption, bringing opportunities, 
but also challenges and risks which are re-shaping the financial industry, including: 
• 
A persistent low and negative interest rate environment which has a negative impact on the 
Guarantor's activities. 
• 
Big technology companies challenging the traditional financial players in providing no-frills, 
no-hassle services and superior customer experience. Clients have become accustomed to 
convenience, instant delivery of products and services, and personal advice anywhere at any 
time. These competitive pressures could result in increased pricing pressures on a number of 
the Guarantor’s products and services and in the loss of market share in one or more such 
markets. 
• 
Increased attention on sustainability and climate change are changing the expectations, mindset, 
consumption and investment patterns of our stakeholders. At the same time the Guarantor needs 
to manage the impact of worldwide climate change on its banking and investment activities. 
These changes are expected to further affect the activities and products of the Guarantor in the 
coming years. 
• 
Traditional bank financing solutions are being bypassed by growing disintermediation in 
corporate and financing for small and medium enterprises (“SMEs”), facilitated by the 
development of the EU Capital Markets Union. These changes could result in increased pricing 
pressures on a number of the Guarantor’s products and services and in the loss of market share 
in one or more such markets. 
• 
Strong regulatory pressure and uncertainty, with continued challenges in terms of level playing 
field requires a lot of attention and even more staff being involved in regulatory reporting 
activities. 
• 
Mergers and acquisitions activities, as well as change projects in line with overall KBC strategy 
could negatively impact the performance of the Guarantor if such activities and projects are not 
managed and implemented well. 
2.4 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial instrument arising 
from the non-payment or non-performance by a contracting party (for instance a borrower), due to that 
party’s insolvency, inability or lack of willingness to pay or perform, or to events or measures taken by 
the political or monetary authorities of a particular country (country risk). Credit risk thus encompasses 
default risk and country risk, but also includes migration risk, which is the risk for adverse changes in 
credit ratings. 
The Guarantor is subject to a wide range of credit risks, potentially putting pressure on profitability 
(higher impairments), capital and risk profile. Although current indications are that the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic on credit quality is likely to be less negative than initially feared, such impacts 
may still materialise, especially as a result of the lifting of all supporting measures or in case the current 
vaccines prove to be less effective for new variants of the Coronavirus.  
The main source of credit risk is the Guarantor’s loan portfolio. It includes all the loans and guarantees 
that the Guarantor has granted to individuals, companies, governments and banks (including debt 
securities if they are issued by companies or banks). The aggregate outstanding amount of the KBC 
Bank Group’s loan portfolio amounted to EUR 181 billion on 31 December 2020. Most counterparties 
are private individuals (44.3%) and corporates (46.7%). Most counterparties are located in Belgium

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
 
12 
(64.0%) or in the Czech Republic (17.6%). 3.3% of this portfolio comprises impaired loans (i.e. loans 
where it is unlikely that the full contractual principal and interest will be repaid/paid). 
The mortgage portfolio of the KBC Bank Group amounts to roughly EUR 71 billion, which constitutes 
45 per cent. of the KBC Bank Group’s loans and advances to customers being EUR 157.6 billion, 
excluding reverse repos (see note 2.3 of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report). EUR 37.8 billion of the 
mortgage portfolio has been granted by the Belgium Business Unit, of which EUR 427 million has an 
indexed loan-to-value ratio of over 100 per cent. (i.e. 0.27 per cent. of the KBC Bank Group’s loans and 
advances to customers). This more vulnerable part of the mortgage portfolio is thus very limited. There 
are no foreign exchange loans granted through the Belgium Business Unit. 
The main sources of other credit risks are trading book securities, counterparty risk of derivatives and 
government securities. 
A more detailed breakdown of the Guarantor’s loan portfolio, including information on impairments, 
can be found on pages 54 and following of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report and the impact of the 
Coronavirus crisis can be found in Note 1.4 of the consolidated financial statements to the Guarantor’s 
2020 Annual Report. More information on credit risks relating to trading book securities, counterparty 
risk of derivatives and government securities can be found on page 59 of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual 
Report. The Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as 
set out in the section entitled “Documents incorporated by reference” on page 50 and following of this 
Base Prospectus. 
2.5 
Operational risk 
The Guarantor is exposed to a large array of operational risks, which are defined as risk of loss resulting 
from inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, human errors or sudden man-made or natural 
external events that could give rise to material losses in services to customer and to loss or liability to 
the KBC Bank Group. These events can potentially result in financial loss, liability to customers, 
administrative fines, penalties and/or reputational damages. 
The Guarantor endeavours to hedge such risks by implementing adequate systems, controls and 
processes tailored to its business. Nevertheless, it is possible that these measures prove to be ineffective 
in relation to operational risks to which the Guarantor is exposed, including in crisis situations such as 
the COVID-19 pandemic (see above). 
The main operational risks of the Guarantor are as follows (in order of importance): 
− 
Conduct and compliance risk: The risk of losses or sanctions due to failure (or the perceived 
failure) to comply with the statutory and regulatory codes of integrity and conduct or with internal 
policies in this regard and with the institution’s own values and codes of conduct in relation to 
the integrity of its activities. This also includes the current or prospective risk of losses arising 
from inappropriate supply of financial services, including cases of willful or negligent 
misconduct. Conduct risk covers many “hard” legal aspects, such as informing customers, 
providing the required transparency, avoiding misleading information and forced tying of 
products, selling the right product to the right customer and at the right time, conflicts of interest 
in doing business, manipulation of benchmarks, obstacles to changing financial products during 
their lifetime, automatic provision of products or unfair treatment of customers’ complaints. 
There are also softer aspects to include in conduct risk. These are based specifically on behaviour 
and are linked to people, culture and mindset.

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
 
13 
− 
Information security risk: The risk arising from loss, misuse, unauthorised disclosure or 
modification, inaccessibility, inaccuracy and damage of information. 
− 
IT (Information Technology) risk: The risk of losses resulting from misalignment between 
business and IT strategies, from the inability of IT to implement business and regulatory 
requirements in a timely manner or from unstable or unavailable IT services. 
− 
Process risk: The risk of losses caused by insufficient, badly designed or poorly implemented 
processes and processing controls and unintentional human errors or omissions during normal 
(transaction) processing. 
− 
Model risk: The risk of losses or potential for adverse consequences arising from decisions based 
on incorrect or misused model outputs and model reports. There is a distinction between model 
errors and wrong application of the model (e.g. use of outdated models). 
− 
Outsourcing risk and third party risk: Risks stemming from problems regarding continuity, 
integrity and/or quality of the activities outsourced to or partnered with third parties (whether or 
not within a group) or from the equipment or staff made available by these third parties. 
− 
Legal risk: The risk of losses caused by bad management of disputes, the inability to protect our 
intellectual property (IP), failure to manage (non-)contractual obligations or failure to timely and 
correctly detect, assess and implement legislation and regulations. 
− 
Fraud risk: The risk of deliberate abuse of procedures, systems, assets, products and/or services 
by one or more persons who intend to deceitfully or unlawfully benefit themselves or others. 
− 
Business continuity risk: The risk that business activities cannot be continued at an acceptable 
pre-defined level resulting from the lack of a strategic and tactical capability of the organisation 
to plan for and respond to serious (business) disruptions, crises or disasters. 
The Guarantor continues to monitor operational risk closely in the context of the Coronavirus crisis. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, no major issues or incidents have been reported and operational 
losses remain well under control, due to appropriate actions being taken in all areas of operational risk, 
including intensified monitoring and management of cyber-attacks. 
2.6 
Market risk in non-trading activities 
Market risk is defined as the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial 
instrument (or portfolio of such instruments) due to changes in the level or in the volatility of market 
prices (e.g. interest rates, exchange rates and equity or commodity prices). Market risk is related to 
trading and non-trading activities. 
The KBC Bank Group is mainly exposed to interest rate risk, credit spread risk and equity price risk: 
− 
Interest rate risk is the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial 
instrument or portfolio due to changes in the level or in the volatility of interest rates. The 
value of interest bearing positions will decrease when market interest rates increase and vice-
versa, unless the position contains inherent protection against such decrease, such as a 
variable or floating interest rate mechanism. The KBC Bank Group estimates that, as at 31 
December 2020, an increase of market interest rates by 10 basis points would lead to a 
decrease of the value of the KBC Bank Group’s total portfolio by EUR 64 million. 
− 
Credit spread risk is the risk due to changes in the level or in the volatility of credit spreads. 
The value of the KBC Bank Group’s positions will decrease when credit spread increases,

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
 
14 
and vice versa. This is mainly relevant for the KBC Bank Group’s portfolio of sovereign and 
non-sovereign bonds. As at 31 December 2020, the total carrying value (i.e. the amount at 
which an asset or liability is recognised in the KBC Bank Group’s accounts) of the KBC 
Bank Group’s sovereign and non-sovereign bond portfolio combined was EUR 51.51 
billion. The KBC Bank Group estimates that an increase in credit spread of 100 basis points 
across the entire curve would lead to a theoretical negative economic impact of EUR 0.66 
billion on the value of both portfolios combined. 
− 
Equity risk is the risk due to changes in the level or in the volatility of equity prices. The 
total value of our equity portfolio as at 31 December 2020 was EUR 0.27 billion. The KBC 
Bank Group estimates that a 25% drop in equity prices would have a negative impact of 
EUR -59 million on the value of this portfolio. 
More information regarding market risks in non-trading activities generally, and interest rate risk, credit 
spread risk and equity risk specifically, can be found on pages 60 and following of the Guarantor’s 2020 
Annual Report. More information on credit risks relating to trading book securities, counterparty risk of 
derivatives and government securities can be found on page 59 of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report. 
The Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in 
the section entitled “Documents incorporated by reference”. 
The COVID-19 pandemic increased the “low-for-longer” sentiment, meaning that interest rates 
remained at a low level, depressing interest income. Low interest rates are seen as a factor in boosting 
equity prices and lowering credit spreads. An uptick in interest rates may therefore have a negative 
impact on equity markets and on credit spreads. In the context of the post-pandemic recovery, inflation 
is rising across the globe mainly linked to supply shortages, which are at this point considered temporary. 
If they are more sustained, this could result in more structural inflation and higher interest rates. 
2.7 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Guarantor will be unable to meet its liabilities and obligations as they 
come due, without incurring higher-than-expected costs. 
CRD IV requires the Guarantor to meet targets set for the Basel III liquidity related ratios, i.e., (i) the 
liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) which requires banks to hold sufficient unencumbered high quality 
liquid assets to withstand a 30-day stressed funding scenario and (ii) the net stable funding ratio 
(“NSFR”) which is calculated as the ratio of an institution’s amount of available stable funding to its 
amount of required stable funding. 
Any failure of the Group to meet the liquidity ratios could result in administrative actions or sanctions 
or it ultimately being subject to any resolution action. 
Due to the challenges for the economy posed by the crisis resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the 
ECB decided in March 2020 to allow credit institutions to use the liquidity buffers. The ECB launched 
the targeted longer-term refinancing operation in June 2020 (the “TLTRO III”) to support the real 
economy, in which the KBC Bank Group participated. The KBC Bank Group’s liquidity figures 
remained very strong at any moment evidenced by an NSFR of 146% and a 12-month average LCR of 
147% per end December 2020.  
Please also refer to the section entitled “Liquidity risk” on pages 75 to 77 of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual 
Report. The Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as 
set out in the section entitled “Documents incorporated by reference”.

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
 
15 
Liquidity risk can be sub-divided in contingency liquidity risk, structural liquidity risk and operational 
liquidity risk. 
Contingency liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the Guarantor may not be able to attract additional 
funds or replace maturing liabilities under stressed market conditions. This risk, assessed on the basis of 
liquidity stress tests, relates to changes to the liquidity buffer of a bank under extreme stressed scenarios. 
Structural liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the Guarantor’s long-term assets and liabilities might 
not be (re)financed on time or can only be refinanced at a higher-than-expected cost. Typical for banking 
operations, funding sources generally have a shorter maturity than the assets that are funded, leading to 
a negative net liquidity gap in the shorter time buckets and a positive net liquidity gap in the longer-term 
buckets. This creates liquidity risk if the Guarantor would be unable to renew maturing short-term 
funding. 
Operational liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the Guarantor’s operational liquidity management 
cannot ensure that a sufficient buffer is available at all times to deal with extreme liquidity events, in 
which no wholesale funding can be rolled over. 
Besides a liquidity risk management framework and a funding management framework, standards for 
stress testing and policies on the internal liquidity adequacy assessment process (“ILAAP”), collateral 
management, use of public funding sources and intraday liquidity management are also in place to steer 
the overall liquidity risk management process of the Group. 
Stressed or extreme market conditions as mentioned above can be triggered, for example, by the COVID-
19 pandemic. So far, the liquidity position of the KBC Bank Group has been able to withstand the stress 
of the Coronavirus crisis and remains very strong. A Coronavirus stress test indicates that a prolonged 
stress period can be overcome by the Guarantor. 
2.8 
Market risk in trading activities 
The KBC Bank Group is exposed to market risks via the trading activities of its dealing rooms in 
Belgium, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Bulgaria and Hungary, as well as via a minor presence in the 
United Kingdom and Asia. Wherever possible and practical, the residual trading positions of the Group’s 
foreign entities are systematically transferred to KBC Bank NV, reflecting that the Group’s trading 
activity is managed centrally both from a business and a risk management perspective. Consequently, 
KBC Bank NV holds about 96% of the trading-book-related regulatory capital of the KBC Bank Group. 
Market risk exposures in the trading book are measured by the Historical Value-at-Risk (“HVaR”) 
method, which is defined as an estimate of the amount of economic value that might be lost due to market 
risk over a defined holding period. The KBC Bank Group uses the historical simulation method, based 
on patterns of experience over the previous two years. The KBC Bank Group’s HVaR estimate, 
calculated on the basis of a one-day holding period, was EUR 8 million as at 31 December 2020, and 
varied between EUR 4 million and EUR 11 million during the financial year of 2020. 
2.9 
Credit ratings 
The credit ratings of the KBC Bank Group are important to maintain access to key markets and trading 
counterparties. Please also refer to the section entitled “Credit ratings” in the “Description of the 
Guarantor” on pages 310 and 311 of this Base Prospectus for an overview of the KBC Bank Group’s 
current credit ratings. 
Any failure by the KBC Bank Group to maintain its credit ratings could adversely impact the competitive 
position of the KBC Bank Group, make entering into hedging transactions more difficult and increase 
borrowing costs or limit access to the capital markets or the ability of the KBC Bank Group to engage

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
 
16 
in funding transactions. In connection with certain trading agreements, the KBC Bank Group might also 
be required, if its current ratings are not maintained, to provide additional collateral. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term debt ratings remained the same for KBC Bank 
Group as they were at the start of the Coronavirus crisis (notwithstanding, the Moody’s long-term debt 
rating has been downgraded, but driven by methodology changes applied by Moody’s). 
2.10 
Capital adequacy 
The requirements of Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms, as last amended by Directive (EU) 2021/1338 of 16 February 2021 and as may be 
further amended or replaced from time to time (“CRD”) include a capital conservation buffer and, in 
certain circumstances, a systemic buffer and/or a countercyclical buffer which come on top of the 
minimum requirements. These additional requirements have an impact on the Guarantor and its 
operations, as it imposes higher capital requirements.  
Due to the challenges for the economy posed by the Coronavirus crisis, the ECB decided in March 2020 
to allow credit institutions to operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by the pillar 2 
guidance (“P2G”), and the capital conservation buffer. These temporary measures were enhanced by the 
appropriate release of the countercyclical capital buffer by the National Bank of Belgium. Various local 
competent authorities in the Guarantor’s core markets also decided to release the countercyclical capital 
buffer. 
Any failure of the Guarantor to meet the regulatory capital ratios could result in administrative actions 
or sanctions or it ultimately being subject to any resolution action. 
Please refer to the section entitled “Banking supervision and regulation” in the “Description of the 
Guarantor” starting on page 328 of this Base Prospectus in which a broader overview of the capital 
adequacy requirements is provided.

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
 
17 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
3 
Risks relating to the structure and terms of the Notes 
3.1 
Noteholders may be required to absorb losses in the event that the KBC Bank Group becomes 
non-viable or fails 
Noteholders may lose their investment in the event that the KBC Bank Group becomes non-viable or 
fails. In such circumstances and aside from parts of the KBC Bank Group that can still go through normal 
insolvency proceedings, resolution authorities may require senior notes to be bailed-in, including 
(without limitation) the rights of Noteholders under the Guarantee. 
In order to safeguard financial stability and minimize taxpayers’ exposure to losses, Directive 
2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolutions 
of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended, the “Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive” or “BRRD II”) as implemented in the Banking Law (as defined below) and as transposed 
into (i) Belgian Law by the law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions, and 
any other law or regulation relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU under Belgian law and 
(ii) Luxembourg law by the Luxembourg act dated 18 December 2015 on the failure of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms, as amended (the “BRR Law”), includes a “bail-in” tool in relation to 
unsecured debt (including the rights of Noteholders under the Guarantee) and a statutory “write-down 
and conversion power” in relation to regulatory capital instruments. These powers allow resolution 
authorities to write down the claims of unsecured creditors (including the rights of Noteholders under 
the Guarantee) of a failing institution in order to recapitalise the institution by allocating losses to its 
shareholders and unsecured creditors, or to convert debt into equity, as a means of restoring the 
institution’s capital position. 
The bail-in power includes the power to cancel a liability or modify the terms of contracts for the 
purposes of reducing or deferring the liabilities of the relevant financial institution and the power to 
convert a liability from one form to another, all with a view to recapitalising the failing credit institution. 
The BRR Law is applicable, among others, to financial institutions (within the meaning of the BRR 
Law) incorporated under Luxembourg law that are (i) subsidiaries of credit institutions or certain 
investment firms (both within the meaning of the BRR Law) and (ii) supervised on a consolidated basis 
with of their parent company (in accordance with Articles 6 to 17 of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended (the “CRR”)). The 
Issuer is a financial institution established under Luxembourg law that is subsidiary of the Guarantor (a 
Belgian credit institution), covered by its consolidated prudential supervision. It follows that the Issuer 
meets these criteria and, as a result, falls within the scope of the BRR Law. The Resolution Authority 
(which for the Issuer means the EU Single Resolution Board together with the resolution committee of 
the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (the “CSSF”), acting in its capacity as the resolution 
council) has the power to bail-in (i.e. write down or convert) the liabilities arising out of the Notes issued 
by the Issuer. 
The Resolution Authority (which for the KBC Bank Group and the Guarantor means the EU Single 
Resolution Board together with the resolution committee of the National Bank of Belgium) has the 
power to bail-in (i.e. write down or convert) senior debt such as the liability of the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee, after having written down or converted tier 1 capital instruments and tier 2 capital 
instruments. On 31 December 2020, the Guarantor's tier 1 and tier 2 capital amounted to EUR 17.8 
billion in total.

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
 
18 
Potential investors in the Notes should consider the risk that a Noteholder may lose all of its investment, 
including the principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest, if such statutory loss absorption 
measures are acted upon or that the rights of the Noteholders under the Guarantee or the Notes may be 
converted into ordinary shares. 
Noteholders may have limited rights or no rights to challenge any decision to exercise such powers or 
to have that decision reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. 
3.2 
The Notes will rank behind certain deposits and secured liabilities 
All Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and the Guarantee will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor. All Notes and the Guarantee rank and will rank pari passu with all present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor, respectively, without any 
preference among themselves save to the extent that laws affecting creditors’ rights generally in a 
bankruptcy or winding-up may give preference to any of such other obligations. 
In case of bankruptcy or resolution of the KBC Bank Group, the Notes (including the obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee) will rank behind deposits of SMEs and physical persons, and pari passu 
with deposits of large enterprises in excess of EUR 100,000 and derivatives. This means that in such 
case, Noteholders will only be repaid after and to the extent that such deposits have been repaid first and 
hence bear a greater risk should the KBC Bank Group become (i) subject to the “bail-in” tool referred 
to in section “Noteholders may be required to absorb losses in the event that KBC Bank Group becomes 
non-viable or were to fail” above or (ii) insolvent. On 31 December 2019, the Guarantor, on a non-
consolidated basis, had a total amount of customer deposits of EUR 204 billion (as reported in 
accordance with Belgian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles). The Guarantor does not separately 
report deposits of large enterprises, SMEs and physical persons. 
Creditors that benefit from security rights granted by the Issuer or the Guarantor, will be paid in priority 
from the proceeds of that security and remaining proceeds (if any) will be paid to the other creditors 
(including the Noteholders) in accordance with their rank. On 31 December 2019, the book value of the 
Guarantor’s pledged assets amounted to EUR 19.7 billion (on a non-consolidated basis in accordance 
with Belgian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles). 
Below is an overview of the ranking of the various debt, equity and derivative instruments issued by 
KBC Bank Group in case of bankruptcy or resolution. The Notes fall within the category of “Other 
Preferred Senior Unsecured Liabilities”. 
Common Equity Tier 1 
Additional Tier 1 
Tier 2 + other Subordinated Liabilities 
Non Preferred Senior Unsecured Instruments 
(art. 389/1, 2° Belgian Banking Law 25 April 2014) 
Other Preferred Senior Unsecured Liabilities 
Derivatives 
Deposits Large Enterprises (> EUR 100,000) 
Pari passu

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
 
19 
Depositis SME and Physical Persons 
(> EUR 100,000) 
Covered Deposits (< EUR 100,000) 
Secured Liabilities 
 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the Banking Law introduced (i) a general lien on movable assets 
(“algemeen voorrecht op roerende goederen”/“privilège général sur biens meubles”) for the benefit of 
the deposit guarantee fund (“garantiefonds voor financiële diensten”/“fonds de garantie pour les 
services financiers”) as well as (ii) a general lien on moveable assets for the benefit of natural persons 
and SMEs for deposits exceeding EUR 100,000. These general liens could have an impact on the 
recourse that Noteholders would have on the estate of the Guarantor in the case of an insolvency as the 
claims which benefit from a general lien will rank ahead of the claims of the Noteholders. 
3.3 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes prior to their stated maturity, subject to certain conditions 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes prior to their stated maturity in accordance with the Conditions in the 
following circumstances: 
• 
when, for reasons outside its control, the Issuer or the Guarantor would be unable after taking 
reasonable measures available to it to make payments of principal or Interest Amounts under the 
Notes or payments in respect of the Guarantee without having to pay additional amounts as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, amongst other things, the laws or regulations of the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg or Belgium, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes (see Condition 5(b) 
(Redemption for tax Reasons)); 
• 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the discretionary option of the Issuer (see Condition 
5(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)); 
• 
in the event that the Calculation Agent determines that the performance of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes or, as the case may be, the Guarantor’s obligations under the Guarantee or that any 
arrangements made to hedge the Issuer’s obligations under such Notes have or will become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part (see Condition 5(f) (Illegality)); and 
• 
in case the relevant Benchmark Reference Rate that is required to make any calculations on the 
Notes has ceased to be calculated and/or published and no successor or replacement rate has been 
determined by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 3(g) for any reason whatsoever. 
If the prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Notes will be redeemed at their applicable Early Redemption Amount, which will be (i) the 
Fixed Early Redemption Amount or the product of the Fixed Early Redemption Percentage and the 
nominal amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, together with accrued but unpaid interest if 
“Including Interest” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) if no Fixed Early 
Redemption Amount or Fixed Early Redemption Percentage is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the fair market value thereof on the date of redemption, including accrued interest (if any), adjusted to 
account fully for any losses, expenses and costs to the Issuer (or any of its Affiliates) of unwinding any 
underlying or related hedging and funding arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If the prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Notes will be redeemed at (i) the fair market value, (ii) at the choice of the Noteholder at, (a)

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
 
20 
the fair market value or (b) the amount which is the product of (x) the market value of the savings 
component and the derivative component, where account is taken of the accrued unpaid interest and (y) 
the nth power of the sum of 1 and the funding rate from that date until maturity (whereby n equals the 
remaining maturity expressed in years), or by default, the fair market value, or (iii) the higher of the fair 
market value or the nominal amount, in each case without any costs being charged for such termination 
and with a pro rata refund to the Noteholder of the costs initially paid by the Noteholders to the Issuer. 
In case of an early redemption due to a force majeure, the Notes shall redeem at the fair market value, 
without any costs being charged for such early termination. 
The Early Redemption Amount may be less than the nominal amount of such Note, and may not be 
sufficient such that if an investor were to reinvest such amount, it would, on the scheduled redemption 
date, be worth an amount equal to the nominal amount of such Note. 
3.4 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are not prohibited from issuing additional debt 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer or Guarantor may issue, which may rank 
senior to or pari passu with the obligations under the Notes or the Guarantee and which may benefit 
from security or guarantees not offered to the Noteholders. The Guarantor has also issued and may 
continue to issue covered bonds and allocate certain assets to a special estate for these purposes, and the 
Noteholders do not have recourse to such special estate. 
The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce the amount recoverable by investors upon the 
Issuer’s or Guarantor’s bankruptcy. If the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s financial condition were to 
deteriorate, the holders could suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, including suspension 
of interest and/or reduction of interest and/or reduction of principal and, if the Issuer or the Guarantor 
were liquidated (whether voluntarily or involuntarily), the Noteholders could suffer a loss of their entire 
investment. 
The Guarantor may be required to issue additional debt because of regulatory requirements. In order to 
make the bail-in power (as described above) effective, credit institutions (including the Guarantor) must 
at all times meet a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) so that there 
is sufficient capital and liabilities available to stabilize and recapitalize failing credit institutions. The 
EU Single Resolution Board (“SRB”) requires the Group to achieve a ratio of 9.67% (of risk weighted 
assets (“RWA”)) by 31 December 2021 using eligible instruments of both the Group and the Guarantor. 
Currently, the Group satisfies this requirement since its MREL ratio consolidated as of 31 December 
2019 is 10.4% of RWA. 
3.5 
Amendments to or the discontinuation of EURIBOR or other reference rates or benchmarks 
may adversely affect the value and liquidity of and return on certain Notes  
Amounts payable with respect to certain Notes may be determined by reference to reference rates such 
as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate 
(“NIBOR”) or other benchmarks within the meaning of the EU Benchmark Regulation 
(“Benchmarks”). EURIBOR is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) and 
NIBOR by the Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (“NoRe”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
EMMI and NoRe appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation. 
Amendments to the way in which these reference rates are calculated or discontinuation of these 
reference rates can adversely affect the value of and return on any affected Notes. These reference rates 
are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory reform. The implementation of the

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
 
21 
anticipated reforms may result in changes to a benchmark’s administration, causing it to perform 
differently than in the past, to be eliminated entirely or resulting in other consequences which cannot be 
predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Any such consequence could have an adverse effect on 
any Notes linked to such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmark Regulation, which became applicable on 1 January 2018, applies to the provision 
of Benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a Benchmark and the use of a Benchmark within the 
European Union. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that 
are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The EU Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate 
or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding 
principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, 
amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust 
fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro 
risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and 
fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark; and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the 
benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or 
national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value 
of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
benchmark. 
Any changes to the administration of a Benchmark or the emergence of alternatives to a Benchmark as 
a result of regulatory reforms, may cause such Benchmark to perform differently than in the past or to 
be discontinued, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. The potential 
discontinuation of a Benchmark or changes to its administration could require changes to the way in 
which the Rate of Interest is calculated in respect of any Notes referencing or linked to such Benchmark. 
The development of alternatives to a Benchmark may result in Notes linked to or referencing such 
Benchmark performing differently than would otherwise have been the case if such alternatives to such 
Benchmark had not developed. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value 
of, and return on, any Notes referencing or linked to a Benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fall-back arrangements in the event that a published Benchmark 
Reference Rate (including any page on which such Benchmark Reference Rate may be published (or 
any successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions) otherwise occurs. The Issuer may, after appointing and consulting with an Independent

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
 
22 
Adviser, determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate to be used in place of the relevant 
Benchmark Reference Rate where that relevant Benchmark has been selected as the Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest may result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant Benchmark 
Reference Rate performing differently (including paying a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if 
the relevant Benchmark Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate for the relevant Benchmark is determined 
by the Issuer, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary, to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, without any requirement for 
consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by the Issuer, the Conditions also 
provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Issuer to be applied to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, so far as is 
practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the relevant Benchmark with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate. 
However, there is no guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread will be determined or applied, or that 
the application of an Adjustment Spread will either reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to 
Noteholders. If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. 
In addition, if the relevant Benchmark Reference Rate has ceased to be calculated and/or published and 
the Issuer, for any reason, does not determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, the Rate 
of Interest will revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date before the relevant Benchmark was discontinued and such Rate of Interest will continue to apply 
until maturity. In such case, the Issuer may also decide to early redeem the Notes at the Early Redemption 
Amount (see risk factor “The Issuer may redeem the Notes prior to their stated maturity, subject to 
certain conditions” above). 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes 
to which the fall-back arrangements are applicable. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other 
significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could adversely affect the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and could have a material adverse effect on 
the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. 
3.6 
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate for Floating Rate 
Notes 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that the Variable Rate of Interest for an Interest Period 
will be determined using CMS SOFR, the Variable Rate of Interest will be determined by reference 
to the SOFR Swap Rate. Such rate will differ from the USD LIBOR ICE Swap Rate of the relevant 
designated maturity in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that the 
underlying compounded daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") is a backwards-
looking, risk-free overnight rate, whereas the USD LIBOR underlying the USD LIBOR ICE Swap 
Rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-
bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that the USD LIBOR ICE Swap Rate and the

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
 
23 
SOFR Swap Rate may behave materially differently as a floating rate of interest in respect of the 
Notes. 
The ongoing development of compounded daily SOFR as a reference rate in the capital markets, as 
well as the continued development of SOFR-based rates, such as the SOFR Swap Rate, for such 
markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a SOFR 
Swap Rate. The market, or a significant part thereof, may adopt an application of the SOFR Swap 
Rate that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that 
pay a floating rate of interest that reference a SOFR Swap Rate issued under this Base Prospectus.  
To the extent the SOFR Swap Rate is not published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the 
Variable Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period, will be determined using the fallback 
provisions set out in the Conditions. Any of these fallback provisions may result in interest 
payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would 
have been made on the Notes if the SOFR Swap Rate had been published as expected as of the 
Issue Date of the Notes. 
3.7 
Conflicts of interest 
The Agent, some of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, 
commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their 
affiliates (including, but not limited to, lending, depositary, risk management, advisory and banking 
relationships). They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for 
these transactions. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account 
and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments.  
The Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates may have existing or future business relationships with any 
Reference Item(s) and will pursue actions and take steps that they or it deems necessary or appropriate 
to protect their and/or its interests arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for a Noteholder. 
Such activities could present conflicts of interest, could influence the prices of the Notes or other 
securities and could adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Potential investors should also be aware that the Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor, 
that the Guarantor may act as Dealer and that the interests of KBC Bank NV and the Issuer may conflict 
with the interests of the Noteholders. Moreover, the Noteholders should be aware that KBC Bank NV, 
acting in whatever capacity, will not have any obligations vis-à-vis any Noteholders and, in particular, 
will not be obliged to protect the interests of any Noteholders. 
The proceeds of the Notes are used to fund the activities of the Guarantor. As such, there may be 
influence on the placing of the Notes with investors. The Guarantor has put in place clear and effective 
arrangements for the identification, prevention and management of the potential conflicts of interest that 
may arise in relation to the placement of the Notes, which include disclosure where the effective 
organisational and administrative arrangements to prevent or manage these conflicts of interest are not 
sufficient to ensure, with reasonable confidence, that risks of damage to the interests of the client will

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
24 
be prevented. In such case, the description shall explain the general nature and sources of the conflicts 
of interest, as well as the risks to the client that arise as a result of the conflicts of interest and the steps 
undertaken to mitigate these risks, in sufficient detail to enable the client to take an informed decision 
whether or not to invest in the Notes. 
Where the Issuer or the Guarantor acts as Calculation Agent or the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor, potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and 
Noteholders. The Calculation Agent is entitled to carry out a series of determinations which affect the 
Notes. Such determinations could have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes and on the amounts 
payable to investors under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the “Conditions”), whether in the 
case of interest payments or redemption payments following an early redemption event or at maturity, 
in each case giving rise to a potential conflict of interest in respect of the interests of the Noteholders. 
Subject to regulatory obligations, the Calculation Agent will pursue actions and take steps that it deems 
necessary or appropriate in accordance with the Conditions without regard to the consequences for 
Noteholders. The Calculation Agent may at any time be in possession of information in relation to the 
Notes which may not be available to Noteholders. There is no obligation on the Calculation Agent to 
disclose such information to Noteholders. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise in connection with Notes that are offered to the public, as any 
distributors or other entities involved in the offer and/or the listing of such Notes as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, will act pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer and can receive commissions 
and/or fees on the basis of the services performed in relation to such offer and/or listing. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and any Dealer may at the date hereof or at any time hereafter, be in possession 
of information in relation to a Reference Item (as defined under paragraph 4.5 below) that is or may be 
material in the context of the Notes and may or may not be publicly available to Noteholders. Subject to 
any applicable laws and regulations, there is no obligation on the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer to 
disclose to Noteholders any such information. 
3.8 
The Noteholders may be bound by amendments to the (Conditions of the) Notes to which they 
have not consented, which may result in less favorable terms of the Notes for all or certain 
Noteholders 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a video-conference platform) to consider matters affecting their interests generally. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Noteholders may have diverging interests and amendments considered beneficial by the majority of 
Noteholders could be considered detrimental by a minority of Noteholders, who would still be bound by 
the decision of the relevant majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders to any modification (subject to certain specific exceptions) of the Agency Agreement (as 
defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) which is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders or any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee or 
the Deed of Covenant (as defined under “Form of the Notes”) which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
If the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, adjustments and modifications cannot relate to an essential feature of the Notes and the Notes 
cannot be early redeemed by the Issuer, unless in the case of force majeure or an event which 
substantially alters the economics of the contract as initially agreed between the parties and for which

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
 
25 
the Issuer is not accountable. In addition, any adjustment or modification may not create a significant 
imbalance between the rights and obligations of the parties to the detriment of the Noteholder and the 
Issuer may not charge costs to the Noteholder for any such adjustment or modification. 
3.9 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their 
Notes and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at 
the relevant time may need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that their holding amounts to 
a Specified Denomination in order to (i) receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
definitive Notes be printed) or (ii) be able to transfer their Notes (subject in all cases to the rules and 
procedures of the relevant clearing system). 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
3.10 Regulatory risk – dividend equivalent withholding may affect payments on the Notes 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 causes a 30 per cent. withholding tax on 
amounts attributable to U.S. source dividends that are paid or “deemed paid” under certain financial 
instruments if certain conditions are met (such instruments, “Specified Notes”). If the Issuer or any 
withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent 
will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. Prospective 
investors should refer to the section “Taxation – U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding”. 
For the purposes of withholding under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, commonly known 
as FATCA, Specified Notes are subject to a different grandfathering rule than other Notes. Prospective 
investors should refer to the section “Taxation - Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act”. 
3.11 Scaling factor 
A Scaling Factor other than 100 per cent. will change both the extent to which the Reference Item’s 
performance must vary in order to create a payment for the Noteholders, and the quantum of such 
payment. Depending on the other variables applicable to the Notes, in particular whether there is a 
negative Interest Multiplier, a Scaling Factor may or may not be detrimental to Noteholders’ interests. 
If any Interest Amount or Redemption Amount is based on the positive performance (requiring an 
increase in value) of the Reference Item during the relevant Interest Period or the term of the Notes, the 
application of a Scaling Factor of less than 100 per cent. to the initial value of such Reference Item will 
increase both the likelihood of such payment becoming due, and its ultimate quantum. Conversely, if 
such a Scaling Factor were greater than 100 per cent., then the Reference Item will have to perform to a 
greater extent to ensure that it exceeds the initial value multiplied by the Scaling Factor. 
Generally, if a Reference Item is applied to Notes in conjunction with a Multiplier greater than 100 per 
cent. or contains some other leverage factor, such as the Scaling Factor, the effect of changes in the 
Reference Item on the principal or Interest Amount payable is likely to be magnified.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
 
26 
3.12 Notes where a Maximum Rate of Interest applies 
Notes where a Maximum Rate of Interest applies, will be less exposed to the positive performance or 
fluctuations of the Reference Item. 
Notes where a Maximum Rate of Interest or Cap Rate or Cap % applies to a particular Interest Basis, 
have an interest rate that is subject to a maximum specified rate. The maximum Interest Amount payable 
in respect of such Interest Basis will occur when the applicable formula leads to a Rate of Interest which 
is higher than the maximum specified rate, in which case the Rate of Interest will be limited to the 
Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the Final Terms. Investors in such Notes will therefore not benefit 
from any increase in the relevant Reference Rate or value of the Reference Item which would otherwise 
cause such interest rate to exceed the maximum specified rate. The market value of these Notes would 
therefore typically fall the closer the maximum specified rate.  
3.13 Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature permitting the Issuer to call the Notes early is likely to limit the market 
value of Notes. If the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will 
not rise substantially above the Optional Redemption Amount at which they would be redeemed.  
The Issuer may be expected to redeem all the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
3.14 Cessation of Reference Rate 
If the Reference Rate required to make calculations on the Notes has ceased to be calculated and/or 
published and no successor or replacement rate has been established by the Issuer in accordance with 
the Conditions for any reason, the Issuer may redeem the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
together (if appropriate) with accrued interest. At such time, Noteholders may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
3.15 Additional Disruption Events 
The Issuer may specify in the Final Terms any of the following Additional Disruption Events: “Change 
in Law”, “Hedging Disruption”, “Increased Cost of Hedging”, “Increased Cost of Stock Borrow” 
(applicable only for Equity Linked Notes and Index Linked Notes), “Insolvency Filing” (applicable only 
for Equity Linked Notes) and/or “Loss of Stock Borrow” (applicable only for Equity Linked Notes and 
Index Linked Notes) as Additional Disruption Event. 
In case such specified Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer may in its sole discretion (a) require the 
Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment to the Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; 
or (b) redeem all Notes at the Early Redemption Amount. 
If the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, adjustments and modifications shall be subject to the conditions set out in Condition 11(a), 
paragraph 3.

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
 
27 
3.16 Alternative Currency Provisions 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that “Alternative Currency Provisions” are applicable, then if the 
Issuer in agreement with the Calculation Agent determines that it would be commercially impracticable 
for the Issuer to satisfy any payment obligation in respect of the Notes when due in the Scheduled 
Currency as a result of a Specified Currency Disruption Event, the Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion may either (i) postpone the obligation to pay, (ii) replace the payment obligation by an 
obligation to make payment of the Alternative Currency Equivalent or (iii) redeem all but not part of the 
Notes. 
Investors should note that in case the obligation to pay is being postponed, the relevant payment will be 
due on the date so postponed (within the Maximum Alternative Currency Number Business Days), 
investors shall receive no Interest Amounts or other sums payable in respect of the postponement of the 
payment of such amount. 
Investors should note that the Calculation Agent shall determine any alternative rate or currency in a 
commercially reasonable manner. There is risk that the amounts to be paid to investors will therefore be 
determined in a manner other than what investors may have expected. 
In making any determination in respect of any Specified Currency Disruption Event, neither the Issuer 
nor the Calculation Agent shall have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to any 
one or more Noteholders (whatever their number) and, in particular, but without limitation, shall not 
have regard to the consequences of any such determination for any one or more Noteholders (whatever 
their number), resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise 
connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division 
thereof.  
No Noteholder shall be entitled to claim, from the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any other person, 
any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences or other losses of any such 
determination upon individual any Noteholders. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of Condition 11 by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent will 
(in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents 
and all Noteholders. 
3.17 Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to green or sustainable assets 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the use of proceeds is specified in the relevant Final Terms to be for 
the financing and/or refinancing of specified “green” or “sustainability” projects of the KBC Bank 
Group, in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria (see “Use of Proceeds”) (any Notes 
which have such a specified use of proceeds are referred to as “Green Bonds”). 
In connection with an issue of Green Bonds, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or 
sustainability consulting firm to issue an independent opinion (a “Compliance Opinion”) confirming 
that any Green Bonds are in compliance with the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) 
Green Bond Principles. The ICMA Green Bond Principles are a set of voluntary guidelines that 
recommend transparency and disclosure and promote integrity in the development of the green bond 
market. There is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular 
project to be defined as “green” or “sustainable”, and therefore the green or sustainable projects to be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms may not meet all investors’ expectations regarding sustainability 
performance or continue to meet the relevant eligibility criteria. Although applicable green projects are

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
 
28 
expected to be selected in accordance with the categories recognised by the ICMA Green Bond 
Principles, and are expected to be developed in accordance with applicable legislation and standards, 
there can be no guarantee that adverse environmental and/or social impacts will not occur during the 
design, construction, commissioning and/or operation of any such green or sustainable projects. Where 
any negative impacts are insufficiently mitigated, green or sustainable projects may become 
controversial, and/or may be criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders. Potential investors 
should be aware that any Compliance Opinion will not be incorporated into, and will not form part of, 
this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms. Any such Compliance Opinion may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to the structure of the relevant Series of Green Bonds, their 
marketability, trading price or liquidity or any other factors that may affect the price or value of the 
Green Bonds. Any such Compliance Opinion is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
is only current as of its date of issue. 
Further, although the Issuer may agree at the Issue Date of any Green Bonds to certain allocation and/or 
impact reporting and to use the proceeds for the financing and/or refinancing of green or sustainable 
projects (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), it would not be an event of default under the Green 
Bonds if (i) the Issuer were to fail to comply with such obligations or were to fail to use the proceeds in 
the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and/or (ii) the Compliance Opinion were to be 
withdrawn. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds in connection with green 
or sustainable projects, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements 
of certain environmentally focused investors with respect to such Green Bonds may affect the value 
and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in green or sustainable assets. 
Potential investors should be aware that Green Bonds may also be subject to the resolution tools granted 
to the Resolution Authority under BRRD II in circumstances where the Issuer fails or is likely to fail. 
Please also refer to “Noteholders may be required to absorb losses in the event that the KBC Bank Group 
becomes non-viable or fails” above for further information. 
4 
Additional risks with respect to specific types of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. Notes may have one or more features which contain 
particular risks for potential investors. 
Notes may or may not bear interest. Interest Amounts and Redemption Amounts may be determined on a 
number of different bases and Notes may accrue separate Interest Amounts determined by reference to different 
methodologies (each, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, an “Interest Basis”). An investor’s return on 
its investment in the Notes will depend, among other things, on the Interest Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
payable thereon. 
4.1 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Except where the Notes bear interest on a separate Interest Basis or are redeemed early, Zero Coupon 
Notes will bear no interest and an investor will receive no return on the Notes until redemption. Any 
investors holding these Notes will be subject to the risk that if the Notes are redeemed prior to their 
Maturity Date, an investor may not be able to reinvest the Amortised Face Amount (see below) so as to 
receive returns equivalent to the Final Redemption Amount that would, absent such early redemption, 
have been paid on the Maturity Date. 
In general, the prices at which Zero Coupon Notes trade in the secondary market tend to fluctuate more 
in relation to general changes in interest rates than prices for conventional interest-bearing Notes. The

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
 
29 
longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing Notes with comparable maturities. 
Zero Coupon Notes are also subject to different early redemption and late payment provisions (see 
Conditions 5(e) and 5(j)). In contrast to the scenario described in risk factor 3.3 above, if the Prohibition 
of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Early 
Redemption Amount for Zero Coupon Notes will be the Amortised Face Amount, which is calculated 
by discounting back to the relevant date of payment the amount that would otherwise have been payable 
at maturity, using the Amortisation Yield on an annual or semi-annual compounded basis (depending on 
what is specified in the applicable Final Terms). If the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Early Redemption Amount shall be 
calculated in accordance with Condition 5(e)(ii). 
4.2 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest at one or more fixed Rates of Interest, each of which will remain 
constant during the specified Interest Periods. 
Fixed Rate Notes are subject to the risk that market interest rates increase (or fall insufficiently) during 
the life of the Notes with the consequence that the real return on the fixed rate element of such Notes, 
and the value of the Notes, may fall. Even if the Notes provide for the fixed Rate of Interest to increase 
during their term, any periodic increases may not keep pace with any increase in market interest rates. 
If the Notes provide for the fixed Rate of Interest to decrease during their term, investors are subject to 
the risk that the revised Rate of Interest will be below the then prevailing market interest rates and, even 
where market interest rates are falling, the reduction in the Rate of Interest on the Notes may be greater 
than any reduction in market interest rates.  
4.3 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes bear interest calculated by reference to a floating Rate of Interest (a “Reference 
Rate”), which will be subject to market fluctuations in that Reference Rate. Such Reference Rates may 
be subject to fallbacks if the relevant rate is not published (see Condition 3(b)(ii)(A) and Condition 3(g)). 
Please also see the risk factor entitled “Amendments to or discontinuation of EURIBOR or other 
reference rates may adversely affect the value and liquidity of and return on certain Notes” above. 
Payments on the Notes may be delayed, or be of a lower quantum than expected, as a result. 
4.4 
Range Accrual Notes 
Range Accrual Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of interest on each day within the relevant Interest 
Period for which the specified Range Accrual Condition is satisfied. Given the potential fixed rate of 
interest that is payable, the risks outlined in risk factor 4.2 above apply to Range Accrual Notes. In 
addition, certain risks arise in connection with the particular Range Accrual Condition that applies to 
such Notes. 
The quantum of the Interest Amount will depend on the number of days in the relevant Interest Period 
(N) on which the “Reference Spread” fixes at a level which satisfies the parameters for the applicable 
Range Accrual Condition (see Condition 3(c)(iii)). Such parameters will be set by reference to a 
specified Lower Threshold and, in certain cases, Upper Threshold. If the Reference Spread does not fix 
at a level satisfying the Range Accrual Condition on any of those days, then N will be zero and no 
Interest Amounts will be payable for such Interest Period. If N is greater than zero, then the applicable 
Range Accrual Rate of Interest will be the product of a multiplier (equal to N divided by the actual 
number of calendar days in such Interest Period (A)) and the specified fixed rate, but capped at any 
specified Maximum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
 
30 
The “Reference Spread” (which could be negative) will be the spread of Variable 1 (based on a 
benchmark Reference Rate) over Variable 2 (which will be a benchmark Reference Rate or otherwise 
specified to be zero). Consequently, the accrual of interest on Range Accrual Notes on any day (in other 
words, the value of N for any Interest Period) will depend on how the performance of Variable 1 (or, if 
Variable 2 is not zero, the relative performance of Variable 1 against Variable 2) compares with the 
parameters of the Range Accrual Condition. Small movements in the Reference Spread may, therefore, 
have very large effects on the value of the Notes and the amount of interest to be paid. 
Range Accrual Notes may not accrue interest for extended periods of time, if at all. Range Accrual Notes 
may pay significantly less interest than a conventional Fixed Rate Note issued at the same time paying 
interest at a fixed rate equal to the maximum potential fixed rate payable on the Range Accrual Notes. 
This may have a detrimental effect on the market value of the Range Accrual Notes. 
4.5 
Reference Item Linked Notes 
The Issuer may also issue Notes that pay Interest Amount(s) linked to an index, an underlying equity, an 
ETF share or a basket of underlying equities and/or ETF shares, an inflation index and/or a currency 
exchange rate (together with a Reference Rate, each a “Reference Item”) and/or Redemption Amount(s) 
the timing and/or quantum of which is linked to a Reference Item that is an index, an underlying equity, 
an ETF share or a basket of underlying equities and/or ETF shares or a currency exchange rate (together 
“Reference Item Linked Notes”).  
Reference Item Linked Notes involve a high degree of risk and may entail significant risks not associated 
with investments in a conventional debt security. Reference Item Linked Notes pose risks to investors 
as a result of fluctuations in the value of the Reference Item(s) to which such Reference Item Linked 
Notes relate. 
If Notes are specified to be principal protected, they are principal protected only at maturity. If Notes are 
specified to be principal protected, such protection is nevertheless dependent on the Issuer, failing which, 
the Guarantor complying with its obligations with respect to the Notes. If such Notes redeem before 
their scheduled maturity, except in case of an Event of Default or where their Early Redemption Amount, 
Autocall Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount (as applicable) is specified as a higher 
amount, they may return less than the principal protected amount or even zero. In the case of Notes 
paying a Redemption Amount linked to the Reference Item which are not principal protected (where the 
Floor % is specified as less than 100 per cent.), the amount paid by the Issuer on redemption of the Notes 
may be less than the nominal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued interest, and may in certain 
circumstances be zero. In the case of Notes which bear interest linked to one or more Reference Items, 
the Interest Amount(s) payable to Noteholders will be contingent on the performance of the relevant 
Reference Item(s) and on the structure of such Notes. Prospective investors in such Notes should 
note that, in certain circumstances, they may not receive any Interest Amount. 
Prospective investors in Reference Item Linked Notes should understand the risks inherent in linking 
the performance of the Notes to the relevant Reference Item(s) and should reach an investment decision 
only after careful consideration, with their advisers, of the suitability of such Reference Item Linked 
Notes in light of their particular financial circumstances, the information set forth herein and the 
information regarding the relevant Reference Item Linked Notes and the particular Reference Item(s) to 
which the value of, and payments in respect of, the relevant Reference Item Linked Notes may relate, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fluctuations in the value and/or volatility of the relevant Reference Item(s) may affect the value of the 
relevant Reference Item Linked Notes. Investors in Reference Item Linked Notes may risk losing their

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
 
31 
entire investment if the value of the relevant Reference Item(s) does not move in the anticipated 
direction. 
Index Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or 
promoted by the Index Sponsor of the relevant Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor of the relevant 
Inflation Index. The Index Sponsor or Inflation Index Sponsor (as applicable) makes no warranty or 
representation whatsoever, express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the 
Index or Inflation Index (as applicable) and/or the figure at which the Index or Inflation Index (as 
applicable) stands at any particular time on any particular day or otherwise. An investor’s decision to 
invest in the Index Linked Notes or in the Inflation Linked Interest Notes should be made without 
reliance on the Index Sponsor or Inflation Index Sponsor (as applicable). The Index Sponsor or the 
Inflation Index Sponsor shall not be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) for any loss, damages, 
costs, charges, expenses or other liabilities including, without limitation, liability for any special, 
punitive, indirect or consequential damages, even if notified of the possibility of such damages to any 
person for any error in the Index or the Inflation Index and the Index Sponsor or the Inflation Index 
Sponsor shall not be under any obligation to advise any person of an error therein. 
Unless otherwise redeemed or purchased and cancelled early, there is no return on Reference Item 
Linked Notes other than the potential payment of the relevant periodic Interest Amounts and/or 
Redemption Amount on maturity. 
Other factors which may influence the market value of Reference Item Linked Notes include interest 
rates, potential dividend or interest payments (as applicable) in respect of the relevant Reference Item(s), 
changes in the method of calculating the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) from time to time and 
market expectations regarding the future performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), its composition 
and such Reference Item Linked Notes. 
If any of the relevant Reference Item(s) is an index, the value of such Reference Item on any day will 
reflect the value of its constituents on such day. Changes in the composition of such Reference Item and 
factors (including those described above) which either affect or may affect the value of the constituents, 
will affect the value of such Reference Item and therefore may affect the return on an investment in 
Reference Item Linked Notes. 
4.6 
Autocall Notes 
Autocall Notes are a form of Reference Item Linked Note that shall be early redeemed if the parameters 
for the applicable Autocall Condition (see Condition 5(d)(iii)(I)) are satisfied in respect of any Autocall 
Observation Date. Such parameters will be set by reference to how the Autocall Variable (being the value 
or average value of the specified Reference Item to which the Autocall Notes are linked) performs against 
the product of (i) the Autocall Strike (being (i) a specified strike level, price or rate or (ii) a value or 
average value of the specified Reference Item) and the applicable Scaling Factor (see risk factor 4.10).  
The Reference Items to which Autocall Notes may be linked are Index, Underlying Equity (which may 
be an ETF Share) or Basket of Underlying Equities (which may be or include an ETF Share) and 
Currency exchange rates. Prospective investors should also consider risk factor 4.5 above and the 
relevant sections of risk factor 4 relating to the specific Reference Item to which the Notes in which they 
wish to invest are linked. 
Where the Autocall Redemption Amount is linked to the performance of the relevant Reference Item, 
unless the Floor % is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be greater than or equal to 100 per cent., 
the Autocall Redemption Amount could be less than the nominal amount of such Autocall Notes and 
investors could lose all or a significant portion of their investment.

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
 
32 
4.7 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their nominal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing Notes. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing Notes with comparable maturities. 
4.8 
Notes with Multipliers 
Notes with variable interest rates and redemption payments can be volatile investments. Where any one 
or more of an Interest Multiplier, Autocall Multiplier, Index Redemption Multiplier, Equity Redemption 
Multiplier or Currency Redemption Multiplier (each, a “Multiplier”) applies to the Notes, their market 
value may be even more volatile than for Notes that do not include such feature(s). 
The Multiplier will determine the level of exposure of the investor to the Reference Item and will be 
specified as a percentage. A Multiplier (other than an Autocall Multiplier) may be a positive or a negative 
number. 
If the Multiplier is lower than 100 per cent., it may reduce the effects of the gains and losses on the 
Reference Item. If the Reference Item is performing well, Noteholders will not benefit from the positive 
performance of the underlying Reference Item to the fullest extent.  
If the Multiplier is higher than 100 per cent., the exposure of the Noteholders to the effects of the losses 
and gains on the Reference Item will be increased. If the Reference Item is not performing well, investors 
may receive a lower Interest Amount, Redemption Amount or Autocall Redemption Amount.  
If a Multiplier is specified as a negative percentage, investors will generally benefit from under-
performance of the relevant Reference Item, subject to the application of a Scaling Factor and/or Margin.  
5 
Additional risks associated with Credit Linked Notes 
Investors in the Credit Linked Notes should be aware that the Credit Linked Notes may redeem early if a Credit 
Event has occurred and Credit Payment on Maturity does not apply, but may redeem later than the Scheduled 
Maturity Date pending the determination of a Credit Event or Event Determination Date or the determination 
of the Auction Final Price or Final Price in respect of a Credit Event. In particular, prospective investors should 
be aware that notes to which “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies will only pay the relevant redemption 
amount of such Note on the Scheduled Maturity Date (or the final Redemption Date, if later) even though the 
Credit Event which leads to the calculation of the redemption amount occurs some time prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. In certain circumstances, the Credit Linked Notes may redeem at zero.  
If “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event will not result in the early termination 
of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors are therefore exposed to the risk that, following the occurrence of a Credit 
Event, they will not receive any principal and a lower rate of interest from either the Interest Suspension Accrual 
Date up to the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
The market price of Credit Linked Notes may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, the time 
remaining to the maturity date, prevailing credit spreads and the creditworthiness of the relevant Reference 
Entity or Entities, which in turn may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions. 
There may exist at times only limited markets for the Credit Linked Notes or no market for the Credit Linked 
Notes and for the obligations of the Reference Entity or Entities to which the Credit Linked Notes are linked, 
resulting in low or non-existent volumes of trading in the Credit Linked Notes and such obligations, and 
therefore a lack of liquidity and price volatility of the Credit Linked Notes and such obligations.

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
 
33 
The primary credit risk of the Credit Linked Notes is that of the Reference Entity or Entities identified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to a relevant Reference Entity will directly 
and materially affect the return and/or value of an investor’s investment in the Credit Linked Notes. The 
likelihood of a Credit Event occurring in respect of a relevant Reference Entity will generally fluctuate with, 
among other things, the financial condition and other characteristics of such Reference Entity, general economic 
conditions, the conditions of certain financial markets, political events, developments or trends in any particular 
industry and changes in prevailing interest rates. Prospective investors should review each Reference Entity 
and conduct their own investigation and analysis with respect to the credit risk of each Reference Entity and 
the likelihood of a Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entity. 
Set out below are additional factors to which prospective investors should have regard when considering an 
investment in the Credit Linked Notes. 
5.1 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of the Credit Linked Notes 
A number of the Credit Linked Notes may have features which contain particular risks for investors. Set 
out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Risk of Loss of Interest 
Save as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, if a Credit Event occurs interest may be reduced 
from the Interest Suspension Accrual Date until such Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes 
is redeemed on an Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Risk of Loss of Principal 
Investors bear the risk of a total loss of principal if a Credit Event and a Relevant Event Determination 
Date occur. The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes is likely to be 
lower following a Credit Event and may be zero. In addition, Noteholders should be aware that if “Credit 
Payment on Maturity” applies to the Notes, then payment of the Redemption Amount will only be made 
at maturity of the Notes notwithstanding that the Credit Event leading to the calculation of the 
Redemption Amount occurs before the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes and Noteholders will not 
receive any interim payment of principal in respect of such Note. 
The Redemption Amount will reflect the market value of the obligations of the Reference Entity in 
respect of which a Credit Event occurred less a deduction for Unwind Costs (see further “Unwind Costs” 
below).  
5.2 
Risks relating to the Credit Linked Conditions and the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
Credit Linked Conditions 
The terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes do not incorporate by reference the definitions and 
provisions of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as such definitions may be amended by the 
supplements thereto and there may be differences between the definitions used in the Conditions of the 
Credit Linked Notes and the Credit Derivatives Definitions. Consequently, investing in Credit Linked 
Notes is not exactly the same as entering into a credit default swap that incorporates the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions. 
While ISDA has published the Credit Derivatives Definitions in order to facilitate transactions and 
promote uniformity in the credit derivatives market, the credit derivatives market is expected to continue 
to evolve and change. Consequently, the Credit Derivatives Definitions and the terms applied to credit 
derivatives, including Credit Linked Notes, are subject to interpretation and further evolution. Past 
events have shown that the views of market participants may differ as to how the Credit Derivatives

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
 
34 
Definitions operate or should operate. As a result of the continued evolution in the market, interpretation 
of the conditions governing the Credit Linked Notes may differ in the future because of changes to 
market standards. Such a result may have a negative impact on the Credit Linked Notes. 
Changes to the terms applicable to credit derivatives generally may not be predictable or favourable to 
the Issuer or Noteholders. Future amendments or supplements to the terms applicable to credit 
derivatives generally will only apply to Credit Linked Notes that have already been issued if the Issuer 
and the Noteholders agree to amend the Credit Linked Notes to incorporate such amendments or 
supplements and other conditions to amending the Credit Linked Notes have been met. 
The 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions introduced new “Asset Package Delivery” provisions 
which enable an Asset Package to be the subject of an Auction held to determine the Auction Final Price 
for a Reference Entity following the occurrence of an Asset Package Credit Event. As at the date of these 
Credit Linked Conditions, the Auction Settlement Terms have not been updated to reflect such Asset 
Package Delivery provisions. The Calculation Agent has discretion to adjust the Auction Final Price for 
any Asset Package if it determines that the Auction Final Price does not reflect the price for the entire 
Asset Package and in doing so the Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, have regard to any 
Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA to settle credit derivatives transactions following an Asset 
Package Credit Event. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees (each, an “ISDA DC”) were established pursuant to 
the March 2009 Supplements to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions to make determinations 
that are relevant to the majority of the credit derivatives market and to promote transparency and 
consistency. Further information about the ISDA DCs may be found at www.isda.org/credit. 
Whether or not a Credit Event or Succession Event has occurred, and certain decisions relating thereto, 
may be dependent on determinations made by the ISDA DC. In certain circumstances, determinations 
made by the Calculation Agent may be overridden by subsequent determinations made by an ISDA DC. 
If the Issuer delivers a Credit Event Notice or Succession Event Notice to the Agent, the Noteholders 
should be aware that such notice may be superseded by a determination of an ISDA DC. 
In making any determination in its capacity as Calculation Agent or Issuer, the Issuer shall have regard 
to and, where applicable, be bound by decisions made by an ISDA DC. 
Investors, in their capacity as Noteholders, will not have the ability to refer questions to an ISDA DC 
since the Credit Linked Notes will not constitute an actual credit default swap transaction. As a result, 
Noteholders are dependent on market participants in actual credit transactions to refer specific questions 
to the relevant ISDA DC. Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent, acting in any capacity, have any 
duty to the Noteholders to refer, or to desist from referring, specific questions to the relevant ISDA DC. 
Noteholders shall have no recourse against the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any institutions serving on 
an ISDA DC or the external reviewers in the event of any loss arising directly or indirectly from any 
action, determination or resolution taken or made by an ISDA DC. 
The Final Terms set out certain representations relating to the relevant ISDA DC which are deemed to 
be made by each Noteholder. 
Exposure to Reference Entities, Obligations, Underlying Obligations, Underlying Obligors, Reference 
Obligations and Valuation Obligations 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, investors in Credit Linked Notes are exposed to 
the credit risks and other risks associated with each relevant Reference Entity and their Obligations,

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
 
35 
Underlying Obligations, Underlying Obligors, Reference Obligations, Valuation Obligations and any 
relevant jurisdictional risks. 
The Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes are linked to the credit risk of 
more than one Reference Entity. The likelihood of a Credit Event occurring in respect of any of the 
Reference Entities referenced by a Basket Credit Linked Note or Index Tranche Credit Linked Note will 
differ for each Reference Entity and prospective investors should conduct their own analysis of the credit 
risk of each of the multiple Reference Entities for the relevant Basket Credit Linked Note or Index 
Tranche Credit Linked Notes. 
Further, in respect of Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes, the credit risk 
to Noteholders may be increased, amongst other things, as a result of the concentration of Reference 
Entries in a particular industry sector or geographic area, or the exposure of the Reference Entities to 
similar financial or other risks as other Reference Entities. 
The risk that the Noteholders bear in relation to the Credit Linked Notes is a function of both the risk of 
a Credit Event occurring in respect of the Reference Entity or Entities and the risk relating to the amount 
that may be recovered following such Credit Event. Where a Credit Event results in a high recovery rate, 
the Noteholders will incur a relatively small loss. Conversely, where a Credit Event results in a low 
recovery rate, Noteholders will incur a larger loss. 
Synthetic Exposure 
The Credit Linked Notes do not represent a claim against any Reference Entity and, in the event of any 
loss, investors in Credit Linked Notes will not have recourse under the Credit Linked Notes to any 
Reference Entity nor shall a Noteholder have any legal, beneficial or other interest whatsoever in any of 
the Obligations, the Reference Obligations or the Valuation Obligations relating to a Credit Linked Note. 
The Issuer is not obliged to own or hold any Obligation or Reference Obligation, and no inference may 
be drawn from the Programme, the Credit Linked Conditions or any relevant Final Terms that the Issuer 
holds any such Obligation or Reference Obligation or has any credit exposure to any Reference Entity. 
Amounts payable under the Credit Linked Notes are not, in any direct or indirect way, limited by, 
associated with, or linked or calculated by reference to, any loss of bargain, cost of funding or any other 
actual loss or cost suffered by the Issuer as a result of its holding or not holding any Obligation or 
Reference Obligation. 
Redemption after Scheduled Maturity Date 
Redemption may occur irrespective of whether the Relevant Credit Event is continuing on or after a 
Relevant Event Determination Date. The relevant Redemption Date may be later than the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. If the Issuer determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that one or more Reference 
Entities is or may be subject to (a) a Credit Event, (b) if “Grace Period Extension” is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a Potential Failure to Pay or, (c) if “Repudiation/Moratorium” is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, the Credit 
Linked Notes then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall be 
redeemed instead on the Extended Maturity Date. If an extension of the Scheduled Maturity Date applies 
pursuant to and in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 9 (Maturity Date Extension), the Issuer may 
deliver a Credit Event Notice or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may make a DC 
Credit Announcement which will trigger settlement of the Credit Linked Notes after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date.

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
 
36 
5.3 
Risks relating to the Credit Event Redemption Method 
The Credit Event Redemption Method specified in the relevant Final Terms will affect how the Credit 
Linked Notes are redeemed. Prospective investors should assess whether the Credit Event Redemption 
Method is appropriate for them prior to investing in the Credit Linked Notes. 
Auction Redemption 
If “Auction Redemption” is specified as being applicable in respect of the Credit Linked Notes, then the 
amounts payable by and/or rights and obligations of the parties under the Credit Linked Notes in respect 
of the relevant Reference Entity or Reference Obligation will be determined in accordance with the 
Auction Final Price. This may result in a lower recovery value than a Reference Entity or Reference 
Obligation would have if such Auction Final Price had not been used. 
If “Auction Redemption” is specified as being applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes but a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee does not decide to conduct an Auction with respect to 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity satisfying the relevant characteristics as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Fallback Redemption Method shall apply. In such circumstances, the Final 
Price will be determined pursuant to the Valuation Method. 
Noteholders should note that they will not be able to deliver a Customer Physical Settlement Request 
(as defined in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms) to the Issuer in respect of their holding 
of Credit Linked Notes. 
In the event of a Governmental Intervention Credit Event or certain Restructuring Credit Events which 
constitute an Asset Package Credit Event, the Auction Final Price may be determined by reference to the 
value of the Asset Package received or retained by a Relevant Holder in place of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond in connection with such Asset Package Credit Event. Such 
Asset Package may be worth significantly less than the original Package Observable Bond prior to such 
Asset Package Credit Event and may result in a significantly lower Redemption Amount being paid out 
to Noteholders than would have been the case following the relevant Credit Event had the Auction Final 
Price been determined only by reference to Valuation Obligations. 
Cash Redemption 
If “Cash Redemption” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the 
Credit Linked Notes or “Cash Redemption” is the Fallback Redemption Method, then the Calculation 
Agent will value the Reference Obligation or any other obligation of the Reference Entity fulfilling 
certain criteria including the Valuation Obligation Category and Valuation Obligation Characteristics by 
asking for quotations from Quotation Dealers. The date, time and method of such auction, and the 
selection of the Reference Obligation, will impact the Final Price. The Quotation Dealers selected by the 
Calculation Agent must be financial institutions, funds or other entities that purchase or deal in 
obligations similar to the Reference Obligation and may include the Issuer or any guarantor; however, 
the Quotation Dealers have no duty towards any Noteholder and may not be aware that the purpose of 
the auction is to determine a Final Price for purposes of the Credit Linked Notes or any other Credit 
Linked Notes. 
Investors should note that the Final Price determined pursuant to a dealer poll may be significantly 
different to the Auction Final Price. 
In the event of a Governmental Intervention Credit Event or certain Restructuring Credit Events which 
constitute an Asset Package Credit Event, the Final Price may be determined by reference to the value 
of the Asset Package received or retained by a Relevant Holder in place of the Prior Deliverable

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
 
37 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond which would otherwise have been valued in order to determine 
the Final Price. Such Asset Package may be worth significantly less than the original Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond prior to such Asset Package Credit Event and may result in a 
significantly lower Cash Redemption Amount being paid out to Noteholders than would have been the 
case following the relevant Credit Event had the Final Price been determined only by reference to 
Valuation Obligations. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
If “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is the applicable Credit Event Redemption Method, the occurrence of 
a Credit Event may result in the recovery for Noteholders being materially lower than the prevailing 
price of the relevant obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event will not result in the early 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors are therefore exposed to the risk that, following the 
occurrence of a Credit Event, they will receive lower interest payments from the Interest Suspension 
Accrual Date up to the Maturity Date, and the Redemption Amount will only be payable on maturity of 
the Notes. 
Redemption Failure/Alternative Redemption 
If the Redemption Amount in respect of such Note cannot be paid when due as a result of a Redemption 
Failure Event, the Noteholder, after providing a release and indemnity to the satisfaction of the Issuer, 
may request such payment to be made to an account or person not affected by such Redemption Failure 
Event, provided that, if such Redemption Failure Event is continuing for 90 calendar days after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or other scheduled payment or delivery date (including the applicable 
Redemption Date), in respect of an amount to be paid by the Issuer, if the Noteholder has not requested 
such payment to be made to an account or person not affected by such Redemption Failure Event, the 
Issuer’s obligations in respect of such payment will be discharged. 
5.4 
Other risk factors 
Index Tranche Credit Notes 
Noteholders are exposed to losses arising from Credit Events in relation to Index Tranche Credit Linked 
Notes only to the extent that the Aggregate Loss Amount exceeds the Loss Threshold Amount. The 
likelihood that Noteholders will be exposed to losses is therefore greater for more subordinated tranches 
(i.e. those with a lower Attachment Point). 
Leverage 
Certain Credit Linked Notes may be leveraged or highly leveraged investments, including, without 
limitation, Credit Linked Notes linked to a notional amount of one or more Reference Entities or 
Reference Obligations exceeding the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes. 
The use of leverage will magnify the adverse impact of Credit Events. 
Investors should note in particular that Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes may be leveraged such that 
the losses on those Notes are enhanced, although losses are limited to an investor’s initial investment. 
Hedging 
In the ordinary course of their business, including without limitation in connection with their 
market-making activities, the Issuer, the Quotation Dealers and/or any Agent or any Affiliate of any of

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
 
38 
them (each such entity, a “Programme Party”) may effect transactions for their own account or for the 
account of their customers and hold long or short positions in any applicable Reference Obligation or 
related derivatives. In addition, in connection with the offering of the Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer 
and/or any other Programme Party may enter into one or more hedging transactions with respect to any 
applicable Reference Obligation or related derivatives. In connection with such hedging or market-
making activities or with respect to proprietary or other trading activities by the Issuer and/or any other 
Programme Party, the Issuer and/or any other Programme Party may enter into transactions with respect 
to any applicable Reference Obligation or related derivatives which may affect the market price, liquidity 
or value of the Credit Linked Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the 
relevant Noteholders. The Issuer and/or any other Programme Party may pursue such hedging or related 
derivatives actions and take such steps as they deem necessary or appropriate to protect their interests 
without regard to the consequences for any Noteholder. 
Unwind Costs 
Any Redemption Amounts payable to Noteholders following the occurrence of a Credit Event will 
reflect the Unwind Costs, if applicable, of the Issuer. These relate to the costs and expenses incurred by 
the Issuer in redeeming the Notes early or terminating, liquidating, obtaining or re-establishing any 
related funding, hedging or trading position in connection with the Notes or a result of a Credit Event 
occurring. These costs are not known at the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and will depend on 
interest rates and borrowing costs in the future. Where the Unwind Costs are positive (which is likely to 
be the case where the Issuer is able to borrow funds for less than the Funding Interest Rate specified on 
the Issue Date), the relevant Redemption Amount will be increased. However, where the Unwind Costs 
are negative (which is likely to be the case where the cost of borrowing for the Issuer is higher than the 
Funding Rate specified on the Issue Date), the relevant Redemption Amount will be reduced. 
The Issuer is not under any duty to hedge itself with respect to any Credit Linked Notes, nor is it required 
to hedge itself in a manner that will result in the lowest Unwind Costs. Investors should be aware that, 
if Unwind Costs are greater than the applicable Recovery Amount, the Redemption Amount will be zero. 
No Guarantee of Performance 
The Credit Linked Notes constitute direct, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer that 
are linked to the credit risk of each Reference Entity and/or Reference Obligation specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. No Programme Party guarantees the performance of or otherwise stands behind 
the performance of any Reference Entity or Reference Obligation or is under any obligation to make 
good losses suffered as a result of Credit Events. 
Provision of Information 
The Programme Parties may at the date hereof or at any time hereafter be in possession of information 
in relation to any Reference Entity, any Affiliate of a Reference Entity, any Reference Obligation or any 
guarantor that is or may be material in the context of an issue of Notes and may or may not be publicly 
available to Noteholders. There is no obligation on any of the Programme Parties to disclose to 
Noteholders any such information, except for the Issuer’s obligations to disclose inside information, 
regulated information and significant new factors in relation to the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus under any applicable regulatory requirements. 
Correlation between Credit Risk of the Reference Entity and Credit Events 
Generally, there may be a correlation between the credit risk of a Reference Entity and the occurrence 
of a Credit Event in respect of such Reference Entity. Market perception may also affect the value of the 
Notes, particularly in the case of Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
 
39 
Correlation Risks in the case of more than one Reference Entity 
The market price of Notes linked to more than one Reference Entity may be adversely affected by the 
correlation between Reference Entities. A positive correlation indicates that the probability of the 
occurrence of Credit Events of two Reference Entities tend to move in the same direction which could 
have the potential to increase losses accruing to Noteholders in the event that such a Credit Event occurs. 
A negative correlation indicates that the Credit Event probability moves in the opposite direction. The 
degree of correlation can also change over time. Depending on the structure of the Notes, a change in 
correlation can therefore have a positive or negative effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Correlation Risks between the Issuer and the Reference Entity(ies) 
In addition to credit risk of the Reference Entity or Entities identified in the relevant Final Terms, 
investors are also exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer. In certain circumstances, such as times of 
general market stress, there may be a correlation between the credit risk of the Reference Entity or 
Entities and the Credit Risk of the Issuer, meaning that overall risk for the investor will be increased. 
5.5 
General risk factors 
Each of the risks described under these “General risk factors” could adversely affect the trading price 
of the Credit Linked Notes or the rights of Noteholders under the Credit Linked Notes and, as a result, 
investors could lose some or all of their investment. The Issuer may be unable to pay or deliver amounts 
on or in connection with the Credit Linked Notes for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that 
the statements below regarding the risks of holding the Credit Linked Notes are exhaustive. Prospective 
investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in the relevant Final Terms 
(including any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views 
prior to making any investment decision. 
The original issue price of the Credit Linked Notes may include amounts in respect of certain 
commissions paid with respect to the distribution of the Credit Linked Notes together with certain costs 
(borne by the Issuer) of hedging the Credit Linked Notes. The price at which the Issuer may be willing 
to purchase the Credit Linked Notes in the secondary market, all other factors being equal, is likely to 
be less than the original issue price, since the original issue price included, and secondary market prices 
are likely to exclude, those commissions and the projected profit included in such hedging costs. Any 
such secondary market prices may differ from values determined by pricing models used by the Issuer. 
Several factors may influence the value of the Credit Linked Notes (and, if such value is adversely 
affected, investors could lose some or all of their investment). These factors include: 
• 
expected rates of recovery on obligations of the Reference Entity; 
• 
actions of a Reference Entity and its principal creditors; 
• 
the nature of each Reference Entity’s outstanding indebtedness, including its maturity and 
subordination structure and any guarantees or other support that the Reference Entity has 
provided to other entities; 
• 
the Credit Events specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms with respect to a Reference 
Entity that may trigger early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes; 
• 
Issuer optionality, such as the ability to select the obligations of a Reference Entity that will be 
delivered or valued or to decide whether or not to trigger settlement;

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
 
40 
• 
correlation among the credit spreads and/or default probabilities of the components of a basket 
or index, if applicable; 
• 
market liquidity for a particular type of Credit Linked Notes; 
• 
interest rates payable under the Credit Linked Notes; 
• 
the time remaining to the maturity of the Credit Linked Notes; and 
• 
economic, financial, political and regulatory or judicial events or conditions that affect any 
Reference Entity or its outstanding obligations, or the market for Credit Linked Notes generally 
or related financial markets, including credit spreads in the market, market liquidity or Credit 
Transactions relative to the liquidity of related cash instruments or related credit derivatives, and 
liquidity for secondary assignments of credit derivatives generally. 
The market liquidity of referencing indices may vary significantly between the current series of the index 
and prior series. The market liquidity of Credit Linked Notes based on bespoke portfolios of Reference 
Entities will generally be less than that of Credit Linked Notes based on standardized indices. 
A decrease in the liquidity of an issue of Credit Linked Notes may cause, in turn, an increase in the 
volatility associated with the price of such issue of Credit Linked Notes. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Credit Linked Notes. Any prospective investor in the Credit Linked 
Notes must be prepared to hold such Credit Linked Notes until redemption or expiry of the Credit Linked 
Notes. The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, purchase Credit Linked Notes at any time at any price in 
the open market or by tender or private treaty and may hold, resell or cancel them. The market for Credit 
Linked Notes may be limited. 
If the amount payable on redemption, exercise or expiry of the Credit Linked Notes is less than their 
issue price, investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
In certain circumstances the Issuer may make adjustments to the terms of the Credit Linked Notes or 
redeem or cancel them at their fair market value as determined by it without the consent of the 
Noteholders. 
The market value can be expected to fluctuate significantly and investors should be prepared to assume 
the market risks associated with these Credit Linked Notes. 
The obligations of the Issuer to make any payments under the Credit Linked Notes are subject to the risk 
of default of the Issuer. The value of the Credit Linked Notes is dependent on the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer, which may vary over the term of the Credit Linked Notes. 
If investors are required to sell the Credit Linked Notes prior to maturity, investors could receive 
significantly less than their initial investment. 
6 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including the impact of fees, liquidity risk, 
exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk: 
6.1 
There is currently no active secondary market for the Notes, which may affect the liquidity 
and market value of the Notes 
There is currently no established secondary market for the Notes, and one may never develop (even if 
the Notes are admitted to trading). A secondary market for certain Series of Notes may not apply to other 
Series of Notes. If a market does develop, it may not be liquid and an investor may not be able to find a

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
 
41 
timely and/or suitable counterpart. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market or at prices higher than the relevant investor’s initial investment. Investors seeking to 
liquidate/sell positions in the Notes prior to their stated maturity date may receive substantially less than 
their original purchase price. Therefore, in establishing their investment strategy, investors should ensure 
that the term of the Notes is in line with their future liquidity requirements. Liquidity is likely to be very 
limited if the relevant Notes are not listed or no listing is obtained. The degree of liquidity may have a 
severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes, especially if investors are willing to sell the Notes 
within a short timeframe. In such circumstances, it is more likely that the Noteholders will have to sell 
the Notes at a discount in comparison with the nominal value of the Notes. To the extent that an issue of 
Notes is or becomes illiquid, investors may have to hold the relevant Notes until maturity before they 
are able to realise any value. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list an issue of Notes on a stock exchange or regulated market. If 
Notes are not listed or traded on any stock exchange or regulated market, pricing information for the 
relevant Notes may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of such Notes may be adversely affected, 
and therefore the price of the Notes could be affected by their limited liquidity. 
Pursuant to Condition 5(h) (Purchases), each of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
subsidiaries may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or by 
tender or private agreement. Any Notes so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for 
cancellation. If any Notes are redeemed in part, then the number of Notes outstanding will decrease, 
which will reduce liquidity for the outstanding Notes. Any such activities may have an adverse effect on 
the price of the relevant Notes in the secondary market and/or the existence of a secondary market. 
There may be less liquidity in the secondary market for the Notes also if they are exclusively offered to 
retail investors without any offer to institutional investors. 
6.2 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and any Interest Amounts on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the 
risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market 
value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to 
make payment in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
Where the Notes are denominated in a Specified Currency from an emerging or volatile market, investors 
should note that the risk of the occurrence and the severity of the consequences of the matters described 
herein may be greater than they would otherwise be in relation to more developed countries. Such Notes 
should be considered speculative. Economies in emerging or volatile markets generally are heavily 
dependent upon international trade and, accordingly, may be affected adversely by trade barriers, foreign 
exchange controls (including taxes), managed adjustments in relative currency values and other

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
 
42 
protectionist measures imposed or negotiated by the countries with which they trade. These economies 
may also be adversely affected by their economic, financial, military and political conditions and the 
supply and demand for such currency in the global markets. These factors will also impact the market 
value of the Notes (see risk factor 7.3). 
6.3 
Market Value of Notes 
The market value of an issue of Notes will be affected by a number of factors independent of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer, including, but not limited to: 
(i) 
the value and volatility of the Reference Item(s); 
(ii) 
where the Reference Item(s) is/are equity securities, the dividend rate on the Reference Item(s) 
and the financial results and prospects of the issuer of each Reference Item; 
(iii) 
market interest and yield rates; 
(iv) 
fluctuations in exchange rates; 
(v) 
liquidity of the Notes or any Reference Item(s) in the secondary market; 
(vi) 
the time remaining to any redemption date or the maturity date; and 
(vii) 
economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting 
capital markets generally and the stock exchange(s) on which any Reference Item may be traded. 
The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell any Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, 
which could be substantial, to the market value of such Notes on the issue date, if, at such time, the 
market price of the Reference Item(s) is below, equal to or not sufficiently above the market price of the 
Reference Item(s) on the issue date. The historical market prices of any Reference Item should not be 
taken as an indication of such Reference Item’s future performance during the term of any Note. 
6.4 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation (as defined on the 
cover page of this Base Prospectus) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless 
such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating 
agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or 
the relevant third country non-EEA rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating 
agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. If the status of the rating 
agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors 
may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA and the Notes may have a

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
 
43 
different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the 
secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 51 ---
Important Information 
 
44 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This section sets out important information relating to the public offers of Non-Exempt PD Notes generally. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF NON-EXEMPT PD 
NOTES 
Restrictions on Public Offers of Non-Exempt PD Notes in relevant Member States 
Certain Tranches of Non-Exempt PD Notes with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency) may, subject as provided below, be offered in any Member State of the EEA in 
circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a 
prospectus. Any such offer is referred to in this Base Prospectus as a “Public Offer”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that it permits Public Offers in Belgium and/or 
Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (together, the “Public Offer Jurisdictions” and each, 
a “Public Offer Jurisdiction”). Any person making or intending to make a Public Offer of Non-Exempt PD 
Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s consent (see 
“Consent given in accordance with Article 5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation” below) and provided such person 
complies with the conditions attached to that consent. 
If the Issuer intends to make or authorise any Public Offer of Non-Exempt PD Notes to be made in one or more 
Member States other than the Public Offer Jurisdictions, it will prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
specifying such Member State(s) and any additional information required by the Prospectus Regulation in 
respect thereof. Such supplement will also set out provisions relating to the Issuer’s consent to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with any such Public Offer. 
Save as provided above, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, 
the making of any Public Offer of the Non-Exempt PD Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of any Public Offer of Non-Exempt PD Notes in a Public Offer Jurisdiction, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor accept responsibility, in each Public Offer Jurisdiction, for the content of this Base Prospectus under 
Article 11 of the Prospectus Regulation in relation to any person (an “Investor”) to whom an offer of any Non-
Exempt PD Notes is made by any financial intermediary to whom each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has 
given its consent to use the Base Prospectus (an “Authorised Offeror”), where the offer is made during the 
Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and in compliance with all conditions attached to the giving 
of the consent. Such consent and conditions are described below under “Consent” and “Common conditions to 
consent”. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer makes any representation or has any responsibility 
for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable 
conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in 
relation to such Public Offer. 
Save as provided below, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer has authorised the making of 
any Public Offer and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person 
in connection with any Public Offer of Non-Exempt PD Notes. Any Public Offer made without the consent 
of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer accepts any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer.

--- Page 52 ---
Important Information 
 
45 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Non-Exempt PD Notes by a person which is not an 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base 
Prospectus in the context of the Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about 
whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
Consent 
Subject to the conditions set out below under “Common conditions to consent”: 
Specific consent 
(A) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if 
applicable) in connection with a Public Offer of the Non-Exempt PD Notes in a Public Offer Jurisdiction 
by the relevant Dealer and by: 
(i) 
any financial intermediary named as an Initial Authorised Offeror in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(ii) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose name 
is published on the Issuer’s website (www.kbc.com) and identified as an Authorised Offeror in 
respect of the relevant Public Offer; and 
General consent 
(B) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as Applicable, the Issuer 
hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant 
time, if applicable) in connection with a Public Offer of Non-Exempt PD Notes in a Public Offer 
Jurisdiction by any financial intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU); and 
(ii) 
it accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information 
in square brackets completed with the relevant information): 
“We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant Non-
Exempt PD Notes] (the “Notes”) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the “Final 
Terms”) published by KBC IFIMA S.A. (the “Issuer”). We hereby accept the offer by the Issuer 
of its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with 
the offer of the Notes in [Belgium] [and] [Luxembourg] (the “Public Offer”) in accordance with 
the Authorised Offeror Terms and subject to the conditions to such consent, each as specified in 
the Base Prospectus, and we are using the Base Prospectus in connection with the Public Offer 
accordingly.” 
The “Authorised Offeror Terms” are that the relevant financial intermediary: 
(C) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Public Offer: 
(a) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”) including, without 
limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any 
investment in the Non-Exempt PD Notes by any person and disclosure to any potential Investor, 
and will immediately inform the Issuer, the Guarantor, and the relevant Dealer if at any time such

--- Page 53 ---
Important Information 
 
46 
financial intermediary becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules 
and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with such Rules in all respects; 
(b) 
comply with the restrictions set out under “Subscription and Sale” in this Base Prospectus which 
would apply as if it were a Dealer; 
(c) 
consider the relevant manufacturer’s target market assessment and distribution channels 
identified under the “MiFID II product governance” legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(d) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by that 
financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Non-Exempt PD Notes does not violate 
the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or 
potential Investors; 
(e) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with solicitation of 
interest in, or offers or sales of, the Non-Exempt PD Notes under the Rules; 
(f) 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know your 
client” Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance with such 
Rules, to establish and document the identity of each potential Investor prior to initial investment 
in any Non-Exempt PD Notes by the Investor), and will not permit any application for Non-
Exempt PD Notes in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the 
source of the application monies; 
(g) 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under applicable 
Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or 
the relevant Dealer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer, 
Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer in order to enable the Issuer, the Guarantor, and/or the 
relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know 
your client” Rules applying to the Issuer, the Guarantor, and/or the relevant Dealer; 
(h) 
ensure that no holder of Non-Exempt PD Notes or potential Investor in the Non-Exempt PD 
Notes shall become an indirect or direct client of the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the relevant Dealer 
for the purposes of any applicable Rules from time to time, and to the extent that any client 
obligations are created by the relevant financial intermediary under any applicable Rules, then 
such financial intermediary shall perform any such obligations so arising; 
(i) 
co-operate with the Issuer, the Guarantor, and the relevant Dealer in providing such information 
(including, without limitation, documents and records maintained pursuant to paragraph (f) 
above) upon written request from the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the relevant Dealer as is available 
to such financial intermediary or which is within its power and control from time to time, together 
with such further assistance as is reasonably requested by the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the relevant 
Dealer: 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator of competent jurisdiction 
in relation to the Non-Exempt PD Notes, the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the relevant Dealer; 
and/or 
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer, the Guarantor, and/or the 
relevant Dealer relating to the Issuer, the Guarantor, and/or the relevant Dealer or another 
Authorised Offeror including, without limitation, complaints as defined in rules published 
by any regulator of competent jurisdiction from time to time; and/or

--- Page 54 ---
Important Information 
 
47 
(iii) 
which the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from time 
to time in relation to the Non-Exempt PD Notes and/or as to allow the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, or the relevant Dealer fully to comply within its own legal, tax and regulatory 
requirements, 
in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any time frame set by 
any such regulator or regulatory process; 
(j) 
during the primary distribution period of the Non-Exempt PD Notes: (i) not sell the Non-Exempt 
PD Notes at any price other than the Issue Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless 
otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); (ii) not sell the Non-Exempt PD Notes otherwise than 
for settlement on the Issue Date specified in the relevant Final Terms; (iii) not appoint any sub-
distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); (iv) not pay any fee or 
remuneration or commissions or benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering or sale of 
the Non-Exempt PD Notes (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); and (v) comply 
with such other rules of conduct as may be reasonably required and specified by the relevant 
Dealer; 
(k) 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the Non-Exempt PD 
Notes, or (ii) keep a record of all requests such financial intermediary (x) makes for its 
discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its advisory clients and (z) receives from its 
execution-only clients, in each case prior to making any order for the Non-Exempt PD Notes on 
their behalf, and, in each case, maintain the same on its files for so long as is required by any 
applicable Rules; 
(l) 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the relevant Dealer 
to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the relevant Dealer to any requirement 
to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(m) 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under “Common conditions to consent” 
below and any further requirements relevant to the Public Offer as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(n) 
make available to each potential Investor in the Non-Exempt PD Notes the Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final Terms and any applicable 
information booklet provided by the Issuer for such purpose, and not convey or publish any 
information that is not contained in or entirely consistent with the Base Prospectus; and 
(o) 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than the Base Prospectus or any other 
materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the Issuer for the purposes 
of the relevant Public Offer) in connection with the relevant Public Offer, it will ensure that such 
communication (A) is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with the Rules, (B) states that 
such financial intermediary has provided such communication independently of the Issuer, that 
such financial intermediary is solely responsible for such communication and that none of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, or the relevant Dealer accepts any responsibility for such communication 
and (C) does not, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the relevant 
Dealer (as applicable), use the legal or publicity names of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant 
Dealer or any other name, brand or logo registered by an entity within their respective groups or 
any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest, except to describe the Issuer 
as issuer of the relevant Non-Exempt PD Notes and KBC Bank NV as the guarantor of the 
relevant Non-Exempt PD Notes on the basis set out in the Base Prospectus;

--- Page 55 ---
Important Information 
 
48 
(D) 
agrees and undertakes to indemnify each of the Issuer, the Guarantor, and the relevant Dealer (in each 
case on behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, Affiliates and 
controlling persons) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, actions or demands 
(including reasonable costs of investigation and any defence raised thereto and counsel’s fees and 
disbursements associated with any such investigation or defence) which any of them may incur or which 
may be made against any of them arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of 
any of the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by such financial 
intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by such financial intermediary or 
failure by such financial intermediary to observe any of the above restrictions or requirements or the 
making by such financial intermediary of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of 
any information which has not been authorised for such purposes by the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the 
relevant Dealer; and 
(E) 
agrees and accepts that: 
(a) 
the contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary formed upon acceptance by the 
financial intermediary of the Issuer’s offer to use the Base Prospectus with its consent in 
connection with the relevant Public Offer (the “Authorised Offeror Contract”), and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law;  
(b) 
subject to (d) below, the English courts are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including a dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised 
Offeror Contract) (“Disputes”) and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts;  
(c) 
for the purposes of paragraph (III)(b) and (d), the Issuer and the financial intermediary waive any 
objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate 
forum to settle any Dispute; 
(d) 
this paragraph (III) is for the benefit of the Issuer, the Guarantor and each relevant Dealer. To the 
extent allowed by law, the Issuer, the Guarantor and each relevant Dealer may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent 
proceedings in any number of jurisdictions; and 
(e) 
the Guarantor and each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999, be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract which are, 
or are expressed to be, for their benefit, including the agreements, representations, warranties, 
undertakings and indemnity given by the financial intermediary pursuant to the Authorised 
Offeror Terms. 
Any financial intermediary falling within sub-paragraph (B) above who wishes to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with an Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer 
Period, to publish on its website the statement (duly completed) set out in paragraph (B)(ii) above. 
Common conditions to consent 
The conditions to the Issuer’s consent are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (B) above if Part 
B of the applicable Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as “Applicable”) that such consent: 
(a) 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Non-Exempt PD Notes; 
(b) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 56 ---
Important Information 
 
49 
(c) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Non-Exempt PD Notes in the Public Offer Jurisdictions as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(d) 
is subject to any other conditions set out in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NON-EXEMPT PD NOTES IN A 
PUBLIC OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR OTHER THAN THE ISSUER WILL DO SO, 
AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH NON-EXEMPT PD NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH 
INVESTOR INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, 
EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT, ALL FIXED IN COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS, 
RULES AND REGULATIONS. NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR THE GUARANTOR WILL BE A 
PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH 
THE PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF THE NON-EXEMPT PD NOTES CONCERNED AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN 
SUCH INFORMATION. THE RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR 
WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION. NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE 
GUARANTOR AND ANY DEALER (EXCEPT WHERE ANY OF THOSE IS THE RELEVANT 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR) HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN 
RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
Public Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Non-Exempt PD Notes to be offered pursuant to a Public Offer will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue Price 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with 
the relevant Dealer at the time of the relevant Public Offer and will depend, amongst other things, on the interest 
rate applicable to the Non-Exempt PD Notes and prevailing market conditions at that time. The offer price of 
such Non-Exempt PD Notes will be the Issue Price or such other price as may be agreed between an Investor 
and the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Non-Exempt PD Notes to such Investor, but in compliance 
with the Authorised Offeror Terms regarding such price. The Issuer will not be party to arrangements between 
an Investor and an Authorised Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the relevant Authorised Offeror to 
confirm the price at which such Authorised Offeror is offering the Non-Exempt PD Notes to such Investor.

--- Page 57 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
50 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This section incorporates by reference selected publicly available information regarding the Issuer and the 
Guarantor that should be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF, shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 
December 2019 (the “Issuer’s 2019 Annual Report”) and 31 December 2020 (the “Issuer’s 2020 
Annual Report”), together, in each case, with the notes and the related auditors’ report (available at 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/other/2019_FY_IFIMA.pdf 
and 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/other/2020-fy-ifima.pdf, respectively); and  
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial years ended 31 
December 2019 (the “Guarantor’s 2019 Annual Report”) and 31 December 2020 (the “Guarantor’s 
2020 Annual Report”), together, in each case, with the notes and the related auditors’ report and the 
ratios 
set 
out 
in 
“Additional 
Information” 
(available 
at 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/JVS-
2019/JVS_2019_BNK_en.pdf 
and 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-
relations/Results/jvs-2020/jvs-2020-bnk-en.pdf, respectively).  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in a document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, be 
deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except 
as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s website at www.bourse.lu, the Issuer’s website at www.kbc.com and from the registered 
office of the Issuer. This Base Prospectus will also be published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website 
at www.bourse.lu and on the Issuer’s website at www.kbc.com. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes or any change in the condition of the Issuer which is material in the context of the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes, prepare and publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a 
new base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. Furthermore, in connection with 
the listing of the Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admission to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, so long as any Note remains outstanding and listed on 
such exchange, in the event of any material adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor which is not reflected in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the Guarantor will prepare a further 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of the Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner which would make this Base Prospectus, 
as supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new base prospectus will be prepared.

--- Page 58 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
51 
Specific items contained in “Documents Incorporated by Reference” 
 
 
Documents 
Page Number 
 
 
Issuer’s 2019 Annual Report - Annual Report of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019 
 
Audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019 (Luxembourg GAAP) 
 
Balance sheet 
11-15 
Profit and loss account 
16-17 
Cash flow statement 
18 
Notes to the financial statements 
19-27 
Auditors’ report 
7-10 
 
 
Issuer’s 2020 Annual Report - Annual Report of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 
 
Audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020 (Luxembourg GAAP) 
 
Balance sheet 
12-16 
Profit and loss account 
17-18 
Cash flow statement 
19 
Notes to the financial statements 
20-28 
Auditors’ report 
8-11 
 
 
Guarantor’s 2019 Annual Report - Annual Report of the Guarantor for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019 
 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor and its consolidated 
subsidiaries for the financial year ended 31 December 2019* 
 
Report of the board of directors 
5-91 
Balance sheet 
96 
Income statement 
93 
Statement of comprehensive income 
94-95 
Cash flow statement 
99-101 
Notes to the financial statements 
102-174 
Statement of changes in equity 
97-98 
Auditors’ report 
175-182 
Additional information 
 
Ratios used 
283-286

--- Page 59 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
52 
 
 
Documents 
Page Number 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report - Annual Report of the Guarantor for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020 
 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor and its consolidated 
subsidiaries for the financial year ended 31 December 2020* 
 
Report of the board of directors 
5-92 
Balance sheet 
97 
Income statement 
94 
Statement of comprehensive income 
95-96 
Cash flow statement 
100-102 
Notes to the financial statements 
103-177 
Statement of changes in equity 
98-99 
Auditors’ report 
179-184 
Additional information 
 
Ratios used 
283-285 
 
* Page references are to the English language PDF version of the relevant documents incorporated by reference. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 60 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
53 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
This section provides a general overview of the form in which the Notes may be issued. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a Temporary Global 
Note which: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below) are intended to be 
issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common 
Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, will be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to the Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either 
be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. 
person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based 
on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. Any reference in this section “Form of the Notes” to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to 
any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer and the Agent, and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after the Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein for interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series without interest coupons or talons against 
certification of beneficial ownership as described in the second sentence of the immediately preceding 
paragraph unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be 
entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless 
upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note is 
improperly withheld or refused. Pursuant to the Agency Agreement the Agent shall arrange that, where a further 
Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the 
Notes of such Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series 
until at least the expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.

--- Page 61 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
54 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Permanent Global 
Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, 
interest coupons and talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, 
“Exchange Event” means that (A) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 14) has occurred and is 
continuing, (B) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have 
announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system 
is available or (C) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences, which would not be 
suffered were the Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (C) above, the Issuer may 
also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after 
the dates of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. Global Notes and definitive Notes will be issued 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), on all interest coupons and 
on all talons for further interest coupons: 
‘ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.’ 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, 
disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
A Note may be accelerated automatically by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 
14. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note (or any part thereof) and a 
holder of such Note so represented and credited to their securities account with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg gives notice that it wishes to accelerate such Note, unless within a period of 15 days from the 
giving of such notice payment has been made in full of the amount due in accordance with the terms of such 
Global Note, such Global Note will become void at 8.00 pm (London time) on such day. At the same time, 
holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of 
statements of account provided by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, on and subject to the terms of a 
deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 24 January 2022 as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time executed by the Issuer. 
In Belgium, Notes shall not be physically delivered, except to a clearing system, a depositary or other institution 
for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.

--- Page 62 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
55 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
This section sets out a template for the Final Terms to be used for each specific Notes issuance. 
[[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment. However, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s][s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s][s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and 
retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and 
pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment 
advice[, / and] portfolio management[, / and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] 
target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-
advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations

--- Page 63 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
56 
under COBS, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject 
to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EC (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
The following is the form of Final Terms which will be completed in relation to each Tranche of Notes (References to numbered 
Conditions are to the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Notes): 
[Date] 
KBC IFIMA S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[Public offer]1 
[Principal protected]/[Principal not protected] 
Unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by KBC Bank NV 
under the EUR 10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so[: 
(i) 
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 40 of Part A below, provided such person is a Dealer or 
Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus (as defined below)) and that the offer is made 
during the Offer Period specified in paragraph 12 of Part B below and that any conditions relevant to the use of the 
Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
(ii) 
otherwise]2 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any other 
circumstances.] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
 
 
                                                          
1 
Include only if Notes are issued that require information to be given in accordance with Annex 6 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
2  Include this wording where a Public Offer of Notes is anticipated.

--- Page 64 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
57 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 24 January 2022,[ as supplemented by a supplement dated [●],] [together] the “Base Prospectus”, which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of a combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. [A summary of the issue of 
the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]3 The Base Prospectus [is] [and the supplements are] available on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu and the website of the Issuer at www.kbc.com and copies may be obtained 
during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer. [A copy of the Final Terms will be available on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu and on the website of the Issuer at www.kbc.com.] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a Base 
Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date.) 
The Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 27 July 2020 will apply to the Notes and 
not the Terms and Conditions set out in the Base Prospectus dated 24 January 2022. Terms used herein shall be deemed to be 
defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 27 July 2020 which are incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 24 January 2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
dated 24 January 2022 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [  ]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the Issuer’s website 
www.kbc.com4.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should remain as 
set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote directions 
for completing the Final Terms.] 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
1 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated, form a single Series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with [Tranche [•]] of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche][Title of Notes] on the 
[the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interest in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
[30] below][Not Applicable] 
2 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
3 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date]] 
 
 
 
                                                          
3 
Include only if Notes are issued that require information to be given in accordance with Annex 6 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
4  This website is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 65 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
58 
5 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination.) 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
(If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common factor in the case 
of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
6 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
7 
(i) 
Maturity Date: 
[●]/[Interest Payment Date falling in [or nearest to] [specify 
month and year]/[[●] Business Days after the [final] Valuation 
Date, expected to be [●]] (the “Scheduled Maturity Date”). 
 
(ii) Business Day Convention for 
Maturity Date: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[specify other financial centres required for the 
Business Day definition] 
8 
Interest Basis: 
[Fixed Rate Notes] 
 
 
[Floating Rate Notes] 
 
 
[Range Accrual Notes] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon Notes] 
 
 
[Index Linked Interest Notes] 
 
 
[Equity Linked Interest Notes] 
 
 
[Inflation Linked Interest Notes] 
 
 
[Currency Linked Interest Notes] 
[Where Credit Linked Notes are applicable, see also paragraph 
30.] 
 
 
(Specify one or more Interest Bas(is)(es) that appl(ies)(y) and 
specify further particulars in paragraphs 13 to 20 below as 
applicable) 
9 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Fixed Redemption Notes] 
[Autocall Notes] 
[Index Linked Redemption Notes] 
[Equity Linked Redemption Notes] 
[Currency Linked Redemption Notes] 
(Specify one or more Redemption/Payment Basis that applies 
and specify further particulars in paragraph 30 below, as 
applicable) 
10 Issuer Call: 
 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 23 below) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
11 Fixed Rate Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 66 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
59 
 
(i) 
Rate[s] of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest 
Interest Period 
From (and 
including) 
To (but 
excluding) 
[●] per cent. per annum 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] per cent. per annum 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] per cent. per annum 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
 
(Use table format if there are different Rates of Interest for 
specific Interest Periods) 
 
 
[Payable annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly in arrear]  
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[●]/[Issue Date] 
 
(iii) Interest Period End Date(s): 
[●] in each year, starting on [●], up to and including [the Maturity 
Date]/[●] 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of long or short 
coupons) 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention for 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year, starting on [●], up to and including[ the 
Maturity Date] [●]]/[Interest Payment Dates will correspond to 
Interest Period End Dates] 
 
(vi) Business Day Convention for 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][please specify other financial centres required 
for the Business Day definition] 
 
(viii) Fixed Day Count Fraction: 
(Specify one of the options listed below) 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] or [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] or [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
(ix) Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert regular Interest Period End Dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
 
This will need to be amended where Interest Periods are not of 
equal duration. NB: Only relevant where Fixed Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
12 Floating Rate Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 67 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
60 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●]/[Issue Date] 
 
(ii) Interest Period End Dates: 
[●] in each year, starting on [●], up to and including [the Maturity 
Date]/[●] 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of long or short 
coupons) 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention for 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, starting on [●], up to and including [the 
Maturity Date] [●]][Interest Payment Dates will correspond to 
Interest Period End Dates] 
 
(v) Business Day Convention for 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][please specify other financial centres required 
for the Business Day definition] 
 
(vii) Interest Variable Option: 
[Screen Rate Determination [- IBOR]/[- CMS SOFR]] 
[Rates Variance] 
[Asian Option – Interest Rates] 
[Digital Option] 
(Depending on the applicable Interest Variable Option selected, 
insert the relevant variables within the corresponding paragraph 
below) 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Variable Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[•]] 
 
(ix) Interest Multiplier: 
[[+/-][100]/[●] per cent.][As set out under Digital Option below] 
(This may be a negative value.) 
 
(x) Margin: 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum][As set out under Digital Option 
below] 
 
(xi) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR][NIBOR][CMS][CMS SOFR]  
 
 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●][Standard IDD][Arrears IDD] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading “EURIBOR 
Basis-EUR”] (if CMS) 
 
 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it 
is a page which shows a composite rate)

--- Page 68 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
61 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[] (Insert in the case of CMS SOFR) 
 
– 
Correction Cut-off Time: 
[]/[As per Condition 3(b)(ii)(B)(2)] (Insert in the case of CMS 
SOFR) 
 
(xii) Rates Variance: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– 
Rate1: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]  
[As determined in accordance with the following elections: 
 
– Rate1 Variable Option: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[CMS SOFR] 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR][NIBOR][CMS][CMS SOFR] 
 
– Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●][Standard IDD][Arrears IDD][Insert in the case of CMS 
SOFR: As per Condition 3(b)(ii)(B)] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading “EURIBOR 
Basis-EUR”] (if CMS) 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it 
is a page which shows a composite rate)] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[Not Applicable]/[Insert in the case of CMS SOFR: []] 
 
– Correction 
Cut-off 
Time: 
[Not Applicable]/[Insert in the case of CMS SOFR: []/[As per 
Condition 3(b)(ii)(B)(2)]] 
 
– 
Rate2: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]  
[As determined in accordance with the following elections: 
 
– Rate2 Variable Option: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[CMS SFOR]  
 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR][NIBOR][CMS][CMS SOFR] 
 
– Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●][Standard IDD][Arrears IDD][Insert in the case of CMS 
SOFR: As per Condition 3(b)(ii)(B)] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading “EURIBOR 
Basis-EUR”] (if CMS) 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it 
is a page which shows a composite rate)] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[Not Applicable]/[Insert in the case of CMS SOFR: []] 
 
– Correction 
Cut-off 
Time: 
[Not Applicable]/[Insert in the case of CMS SOFR: []/[As per 
Condition 3(b)(ii)(B)(2)]] 
 
– 
Scaling Factor: 
[[100]/[●] per cent.] 
 
 
[Scaling Factor 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but 
excluding) 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
(xiii) Asian Option – Interest Rates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 69 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
62 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– 
Ratet: 
As determined in accordance with the following elections: 
 
– Ratet Variable Option: 
Screen Rate Determination  
 
– Reference Rate:  
[EURIBOR][NIBOR][CMS] 
 
– Interest Determination 
Dates(s):  
 
 
 
[Interest 
Determination 
Dates 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
 
 
 
(Insert the different Interest Determination Date(s) for the purpose of 
determining each Ratet) 
 
– Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading “EURIBOR Basis-
EUR”] (if CMS) 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate) 
 
(xiv) Digital Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph.) 
 
– 
Digital Option Type: 
Interest Rates  
 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR][NIBOR][CMS] 
 
– Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●][Standard IDD][Arrears IDD] 
 
 
– Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading “EURIBOR Basis-
EUR”] (if CMS) 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate) 
 
– 
Digital 
Option 
Payment Condition: 
[Greater Than] 
[Less Than] 
[Greater Than Or Equal To] 
[Less Than Or Equal To] 
 
– 
Digital 
Option 
Strike: 
[●] per cent. 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR][NIBOR][CMS]

--- Page 70 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
63 
 
– Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●][Standard IDD][Arrears IDD] 
 
 
– Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading “EURIBOR Basis-
EUR”] (if CMS)  
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate) 
 
– Interest 
Multiplier: 
[+/-][100]/[●] per cent. 
(This may be a negative value.) 
 
– Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
– 
Scaling Factor: 
[[100]/[●] per cent.] 
 
 
[Scaling Factor 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
– 
Digital 
Option 
Exercised Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]  
[As determined in accordance with the Digital Option Payment 
Determination Method] 
 
– Digital 
Option 
Payment 
Determination 
Method: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Screen Rate Determination]  
[Collar Rate] 
 
 
(If Screen Rate Determination and/or Collar Rate applies, insert 
relevant information for determining Digital Option Exercised Rate) 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR][NIBOR][CMS] 
 
– Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●][Standard IDD][Arrears IDD] 
 
 
– Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading “EURIBOR Basis-
EUR”] (if CMS)  
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate) 
 
 
(If Collar Rate applies, insert relevant information for determining 
Digital Option Exercised Rate) 
 
– Interest 
Multiplier: 
[+/-][100]/[●] per cent. 
(This may be a negative value.) 
 
– Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
– Cap Rate: 
[●]/[Infinity] 
 
– Floor Rate: 
[●]/[Zero]

--- Page 71 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
64 
 
– Collar Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
– 
Digital 
Option 
Fallback Rate: 
[Zero] 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
[Collar Rate] 
 
 
(If Screen Rate Determination and/or Collar Rate applies, insert 
relevant information for determining Digital Option Fallback Rate) 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR][NIBOR][CMS] 
 
– Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●][Standard IDD][Arrears IDD] 
 
 
– Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading “EURIBOR Basis-
EUR”] (if CMS)  
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate) 
 
 
(If Collar Rate applies, insert relevant information for determining 
Digital Option Fallback Rate) 
 
– Interest 
Multiplier: 
[+/-][100]/[●] per cent. 
(This may be a negative value.) 
 
– Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
– Cap Rate: 
[●]/[Infinity] 
 
– Floor Rate: 
[●]/[Zero] 
 
– Collar Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) Memory Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph.) 
 
– Memory 
Option 
Type: 
Interest Rates  
 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR][NIBOR][CMS] 
 
– Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●][Standard IDD][Arrears IDD] 
 
 
– Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading “EURIBOR Basis-
EUR”] (if CMS) 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate) 
 
– Memory 
Option 
Payment Condition: 
[Greater Than] 
[Less Than] 
[Greater Than Or Equal To] 
[Less Than Or Equal To]

--- Page 72 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
65 
 
– Memory 
Option 
Level: 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
– Memory 
Option 
Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]  
 
 
(xvi) Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvii) Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(Insert (i) Minimum Rate of Interest to floor the Rate of Interest; (ii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest to cap the Rate of Interest and (iii) Minimum 
Rate of Interest and Maximum Rate of Interest to collar the Rate of 
Interest) 
 
(xviii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
(Specify one of the options listed below) 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] or [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] or [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[1/1] 
13 Range Accrual Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[●]/[Issue Date] 
 
(ii) Interest 
Period 
End 
Dates: 
[[●] in each year, starting on [●], up to and including [the Maturity 
Date][●] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention 
for Interest Period End 
Dates: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, starting on [●], up to and including [the Maturity 
Date][●]] [Interest Payment Dates will correspond to Interest Period 
End Dates] 
 
(v) Business Day Convention 
for 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[●] (please specify other financial centres required for the Business 
Day definition) 
 
(vii) Minimum Range Accrual 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(viii) Maximum Range Accrual 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) Day Count Fraction: 
(Specify one of the options listed below) 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] or [Actual/Actual (ISDA)]

--- Page 73 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
66 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] or [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
(x) RA Base Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) Variable 1: 
Applicable 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR][NIBOR][CMS] 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●][Standard IDD][Arrears IDD] 
 
 
– 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading “EURIBOR Basis-
EUR”] (if CMS) 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate)] 
 
(xii) Variable 2: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(There need not be a Variable 2 - If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR][NIBOR][CMS] 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●][Standard IDD][Arrears IDD] 
 
 
– 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading “EURIBOR Basis-
EUR”] (if CMS) 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate)] 
 
(xiii) Upper Threshold: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(xiv) Lower 
Threshold:
 
 
[●] per cent. 
 
(xv) Range 
Accrual 
Condition: 
[Between (Inclusive)] 
[Between (Exclusive)] 
[Greater Than Lower Threshold] 
[Greater Than Or Equal To Lower Threshold] 
[Less Than Lower Threshold] 
[Less Than Or Equal To Lower Threshold]] 
14 Zero Coupon Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 74 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
67 
 
(ii) Amortisation Yield 
Compounding Basis: 
[Annually/Semi-annually] 
15 Index Linked Interest Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[●]/[Issue Date] 
 
(ii) Interest 
Period 
End 
Dates: 
[[●] in each year, starting on [●], up to and including [the Maturity 
Date][●]] 
 
(iii) Business Day 
Convention for Interest 
Period End Dates: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, starting on [●], up to and including [the Maturity 
Date][●]]/[Interest Payment Dates will correspond to Interest Period 
End Dates] 
 
(v) Business Day 
Convention for Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[●] (please specify other financial centres required for the Business 
Day definition) 
 
(vii) Interest Variable Option: 
[Evolution of Index] 
[Asian Option – Index] 
[Digital Option] 
[Single Fixing - Index] 
[Asian Fixing – Index] 
(Depending on the applicable Interest Variable Option selected, insert 
the relevant variables within the corresponding paragraph below) 
 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
(Specify one of the options listed below) 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] or [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] or [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
(ix) Index and details of the 
relevant Index Sponsor: 
Index: 
[name and short description of type of 
index] 
 
 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
 
 
Related Exchange: 
[All Exchanges][specify]

--- Page 75 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
68 
 
 
Designated 
Multi-
Exchange Index: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
 
(Note that in the case of PD Notes, only indices administered by an  
administrator that is included in the public register maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority under Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 may be referenced) 
 
(x) Interest Multiplier: 
[[+/-][100]/[●] per cent.][As set out under Digital Option below] 
(This may be a negative value.) 
 
(xi) Margin: 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum][As set out under Digital Option below] 
 
(xii) Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(With respect to any Interest Period, insert (i) Minimum Rate of Interest 
to floor the Rate of Interest; (ii) Maximum Rate of Interest to cap the 
Rate of Interest and (iii) Minimum Rate of Interest and Maximum Rate 
of Interest to collar the Rate of Interest) 
 
(xiv) Valuation Time: 
[Condition 6(d) applies]/[●] 
(xvi) Correction 
of 
Index 
Levels: 
Correction of Index Levels [applies/does not apply and the Reference 
Price shall be calculated without regard to any subsequently published 
correction]. 
 
(xvii) Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[[●] Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date/Not 
Applicable.] 
 
(xviii) 
Evolution of Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– 
Valuation Dates: 
 
 
 
Valuation Datest 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●]. [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●], [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●], [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
(Insert the different Valuation Dates for the purpose of determining 
each Indext) 
 
– 
Indexinitial Valuation 
Date: 
[●],[●],[●] 
 
– 
Scaling Factor: 
[[100]/[●] per cent.] 
 
 
[Scaling Factor 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 76 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
69 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
(xix) Asian Option – Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Indexinitial Valuation 
Date(s): 
[●],[●],[●] 
– 
Valuation Dates: 
 
 
 
 
[Valuation Datest 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but 
excluding) 
 
 
[●]. [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●], [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●], [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
 
(Insert the different Valuation Dates for the purpose of determining 
each Indext) 
 
– 
Scaling Factor: 
[[100]/[●] per cent.] 
 
 
[Scaling Factor 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but 
excluding) 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
– 
Averaging 
Disruption 
Provisions: 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xxi) Digital Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph. If applicable, insert the relevant variables within the 
corresponding paragraph below) 
 
– 
Digital Option Type: 
Index 
 
– 
Digital 
Option 
Payment Condition: 
[Greater Than] 
[Less Than] 
[Greater Than Or Equal To] 
[Less Than Or Equal To] 
 
– 
Valuation Dates: 
Valuation Dates 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but 
excluding) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
  
– 
Digital 
Option 
Strike: 
[[●] 
(Insert relevant level or specify Index Determination and insert the 
relevant Variables within the corresponding paragraph below)

--- Page 77 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
70 
[Index Determination 
 
– Valuation Dates: 
Valuation Date 
Interest Period 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but 
excluding) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
– Scaling Factor: 
[[100]/[●] per cent.] 
 
 
[Scaling Factor 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but 
excluding) 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
– 
Digital 
Option 
Exercised Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
[As determined in accordance with the Digital Option Payment 
Determination Method] 
 
– Digital 
Option 
Payment 
Determination 
Method: 
[Not applicable] 
[Screen Rate Determination]  
[Collar Rate]  
 
 
(If Screen Rate Determination and/or Collar Rate applies, insert 
relevant information for determining Digital Option Exercised Rate) 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR][NIBOR][CMS] 
 
– Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●][Standard IDD][Arrears IDD] 
 
 
– Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading “EURIBOR Basis-
EUR”] (if CMS) 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate) 
 
 
(If Collar Rate applies, insert relevant information for determining 
Digital Option Exercised Rate) 
 
– Interest 
Multiplier: 
[+/-][100]/[●] per cent. 
(This may be a negative value.) 
 
– Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
– Cap Rate: 
[●]/[Infinity] 
 
– Floor Rate: 
[●]/[Zero] 
 
– Collar Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
– 
Digital 
Option 
Fallback Rate: 
[Zero] 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
[Screen Rate Determination]

--- Page 78 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
71 
[Collar Rate] 
 
 
(If Screen Rate Determination and/or Collar Rate applies, insert 
relevant information for determining Digital Option Fallback Rate) 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR][NIBOR][CMS] 
 
– Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●][Standard IDD][Arrears IDD] 
 
 
– Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading “EURIBOR Basis-
EUR”] (if CMS) 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate) 
 
 
(If Collar Rate applies, insert relevant information for determining 
Digital Option Fallback Rate) 
 
– Interest 
Multiplier: 
[+/-][100]/[●] per cent. 
(This may be a negative value.) 
 
– Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
– Cap Rate: 
[●]/[Infinity] 
 
– Floor Rate: 
[●]/[Zero] 
 
– Collar Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xxii)  Single Fixing - Index: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– 
Denominator: 
[●] 
 
– 
Valuation Dates: 
Valuation Datet 
 
Interest Period 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(xxiii) Asian Fixing - Index 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– 
Denominator: 
[●] 
 
– 
Valuation Dates: 
 
 
 
 
[Valuation Datest 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●], [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●], [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●], [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●]]

--- Page 79 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
72 
 
 
(Insert the different Valuation Dates for the purpose of determining 
each Indext)] 
 
– 
Averaging 
Disruption 
Provisions: 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) 
Memory Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph. If applicable, insert the relevant variables within the 
corresponding paragraph below) 
– Memory Option Type: 
Index  
– Memory 
Option 
Payment Condition: 
[Greater Than] 
[Less Than] 
[Greater Than Or Equal To] 
[Less Than Or Equal To] 
 
– Valuation Dates: 
Valuation Dates 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
– Memory 
Option 
Level: 
[[●] 
 
– Memory Option Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
16 Equity Linked Interest 
Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[●]/[Issue Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Dates: 
[[●] in each year, starting on [●], up to and including [the Maturity 
Date][●]] 
(iii) Business Day Convention 
for Interest Period End 
Dates: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year starting on [●], up to and including [the Maturity 
Date][●]]/[Interest Payment Dates will correspond to Interest Period 
End Dates] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention 
for 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[specify other financial centres required for the Business Day 
definition][Not Applicable]

--- Page 80 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
73 
 
(vii) Interest Variable Option: 
[Evolution of Underlying Equity] 
[Evolution of Basket of Underlying Equities] 
[Asian Option – Underlying Equity] 
[Asian Option - Basket of Underlying Equities] 
[Digital Option] 
 
 
(Depending on the applicable Interest Variable Option selected, insert 
the relevant variables within the corresponding paragraph below) 
 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
(Specify one of the options listed below) 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] or [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] or [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
(ix) 
The 
identity 
of 
the 
relevant Equity Issuer(s) 
of 
the 
equity 
security/equity securities 
in the basket: 
[Give or annex details of the relevant Underlying Equities/Underlying 
Equity, as applicable]: 
[The following apply only to Notes which have a single equity 
component]: 
 
 
Underlying Equity: 
 
[name and short description of type of 
shares (which, if “ETF Share” is 
specified below as applicable, will be 
ETF Shares)] issued by the Equity 
Issuer (ISIN:[●]) 
 
 
ETF Share: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Underlying 
Equity 
Currency: 
[specify] 
 
 
Equity Issuer: 
[specify] (in the case of ETF Shares, 
specify the relevant ETF Issuer) 
 
 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
 
 
Related Exchange: 
[All Exchanges][specify] 
 
 
[(The following additional provisions apply only where the relevant 
equity component is an ETF Share): 
 
 
ETF Adviser: 
[specify] 
 
 
ETF Administrator: 
[specify] 
 
 
Reference Index: 
[specify]] 
 
 
[The following apply only to Notes with an equity basket 
component]: 
 
 
A basket composed of Underlying Equities in the relative proportions 
of Underlying Equities of each Equity Issuer specified below:

--- Page 81 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
74 
 
 
Underlying Equity: 
[name and short description of type of 
shares] (which, if “ETF Share” is 
specified below as applicable, will be 
ETF Shares)] issued by the Equity 
Issuer (ISIN: [●]) 
 
 
ETF Share: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Underlying 
Equity 
Currency: 
[specify] 
 
 
Equity Issuer: 
[specify](in the case of ETF Shares, 
specify the relevant ETF Issuer) 
 
 
Multiplier (per cent.): 
[specify] 
 
 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
 
 
[(The following additional provisions apply only where the relevant 
equity component is an ETF Share): 
 
 
ETF Adviser: 
[specify] 
 
 
ETF Administrator: 
[specify] 
 
 
Reference Index: 
[specify]] 
 
 
Related Exchange: 
[All Exchanges][specify] 
 
 
[Replicate the details in respect of each Equity in the Basket] 
 
(x) 
Interest Multiplier: 
[+/-][100]/[●] per cent.][As set out under Digital Option below] 
(This may be a negative value.) 
 
(xi) 
Margin: 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum][As set out under Digital Option below] 
 
(xii) Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[●] 
(Insert (i) Minimum Rate of Interest to floor the Rate of Interest; (ii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest to cap the Rate of Interest and (iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and Maximum Rate of Interest to collar the 
Rate of Interest) 
 
(xiv) Potential 
Adjustment 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) De-listing, Merger Event, 
Nationalisation 
and 
Insolvency: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) Valuation Time: 
[Condition 7(d) applies]/[●] 
 
(xviii) Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Insert details] 
 
(xix) Correction 
of 
Share 
Prices: 
Correction of Share Prices [applies/does not apply and the Reference 
Price shall be calculated without regard to any subsequently published 
correction]. 
 
(xx) Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[[●] Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date/Not 
Applicable.] 
 
(xxi) Trade Date: 
[●]

--- Page 82 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
75 
 
(xxii) Evolution of Underlying 
Equity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– 
Valuation Dates: 
 
 
 
Valuation Datest 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●], [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●], [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●], [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
(Insert the different Valuation Dates for the purpose of determining 
each Equityt) 
 
– 
Equityinitial Valuation 
Date: 
[●],[●],[●] 
 
 
– 
Scaling Factor: 
[[100]/[●] per cent.] 
 
 
[Scaling Factor 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
(xxiii) Evolution of Basket of 
Underlying Equities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– 
Valuation Dates: 
 
 
Valuation Datest 
Interest Period 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
[●], [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●], [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●], [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(Insert the different Valuation Dates for the purpose of determining 
each Equity Baskett) 
 
– 
Equity Basketinitial 
Valuation Date: 
[●],[●],[●] 
 
 
– 
Scaling Factor: 
[[100]/[●] per cent.] 
 
 
[Scaling Factor 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]]

--- Page 83 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
76 
 
(xxiv) Asian 
Option 
– 
Underlying Equity 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– 
Equityinitial 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●],[●],[●] 
 
 
– 
Valuation Dates: 
 
 
 
Valuation Datest 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●], [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●], [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●], [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
(Insert the different Valuation Dates for the purpose of determining 
each Equityt) 
 
– 
Scaling Factor: 
[[100]/[●] per cent.] 
 
 
[Scaling Factor 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
– 
Averaging 
Disruption 
Provisions: 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xxv) Asian Option – Basket of 
Underlying  
Equities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– 
Equity Basketinitial 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●],[●],[●] 
 
 
– 
Valuation Dates: 
 
 
Valuation Datest 
Interest Period 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
[●], [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●], [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●], [●], [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
(Insert the different Valuation Dates for the purpose of determining 
each Equity Baskett) 
 
– 
Scaling Factor: 
[[100]/[●] per cent.]

--- Page 84 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
77 
 
 
[Scaling Factor 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
– 
Averaging 
Disruption 
Provisions: 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) Digital Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph. If applicable, insert the relevant variables within the 
corresponding paragraph below) 
 
– 
Digital Option Type: 
[Basket of Underlying Equities][Underlying Equity] 
 
– 
Digital 
Option 
Payment Condition: 
[Greater Than] 
[Less Than] 
[Greater Than Or Equal To] 
[Less Than Or Equal To] 
 
– 
Valuation Dates: 
 
 
[Valuation Dates 
Interest Period 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
– 
Digital 
Option 
Strike: 
[[●] 
(Insert relevant level or specify Equity Determination and insert the 
relevant Variables within the corresponding paragraph below) 
[Equity Determination] 
– 
Valuation 
Dates: 
Valuation Date 
 
Interest Period 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
– 
Scaling Factor: 
[[100]/[●] per cent.] 
 
 
[Scaling Factor 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 85 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
78 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
– 
Digital 
Option 
Exercised Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
[As determined in accordance with the Digital Option Payment 
Determination Method] 
 
– 
Digital Option 
Payment 
Determination 
Method: 
[Not applicable] 
[Screen Rate Determination]  
[Collar Rate] 
 
 
(If Screen Rate Determination and/or Collar Rate applies, insert 
relevant information for determining Digital Option Exercised Rate) 
 
– 
Reference 
Rate: 
[EURIBOR][NIBOR][CMS] 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●][Standard IDD][Arrears IDD] 
 
 
– Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading “EURIBOR Basis-
EUR”] (if CMS) 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate) 
 
 
(If Collar Rate applies, insert relevant information for determining 
Digital Option Exercised Rate) 
 
– Interest 
Multiplier: 
[+/-][100]/[●] per cent. 
(This may be a negative value.) 
 
– Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
– Cap Rate: 
[●]/[Infinity] 
 
– Floor Rate: 
[●][Zero] 
 
– Collar Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
– 
Digital 
Option 
Fallback Rate: 
[Zero] 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
[Screen Date Determination] 
[Collar Rate] 
 
 
(If Screen Rate Determination and/or Collar Rate applies, insert 
relevant information for determining Digital Option Fallback Rate) 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR][NIBOR][CMS] 
 
– Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●][Standard IDD][Arrears IDD] 
 
 
– Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading “EURIBOR Basis-
EUR”] (if CMS) 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate)

--- Page 86 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
79 
 
 
(If Collar Rate applies, insert relevant information for determining 
Digital Option Fallback Rate) 
 
– Interest 
Multiplier: 
[+/-][100]/[●] per cent. 
(This may be a negative value.) 
 
– Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
– Cap Rate: 
[●]/[Infinity] 
 
– Floor Rate: 
[●]/[Zero] 
 
– Collar Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xxv) 
Memory Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph. If applicable, insert the relevant variables within the 
corresponding paragraph below) 
– Memory Option Type: 
Equity 
– Memory 
Option 
Payment Condition: 
[Greater Than] 
[Less Than] 
[Greater Than Or Equal To] 
[Less Than Or Equal To] 
 
– Valuation Dates: 
Valuation Dates 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
– Memory 
Option 
Level: 
[[●] 
 
– Memory Option Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
 
 
17 Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[●]/[Issue Date] 
 
(ii) Interest 
Period 
End 
Dates: 
[[●] in each year, starting on [●], up to and including [the Maturity 
Date][●]]/[Interest Payment Dates will correspond to Interest Period 
End Dates] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention 
for Interest Period End 
Dates: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/Not Applicable]

--- Page 87 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
80 
 
(iv) Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, starting on [●], up to and including [the Maturity 
Date][●]] 
 
(v) Business Day Convention 
for 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi)  Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][specify other financial centres required for the 
Business Day definition] 
 
(vii) Interest Variable Option: 
[Evolution of Inflation] 
[Asian Option – Inflation] 
[Digital Option] 
(Depending on the applicable Interest Variable Option selected, insert 
the relevant variables within the corresponding paragraph below) 
 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
(Specify one of the options listed below) 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] or [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] or [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
(ix) Inflation Index: 
[•]Sponsor: [•] 
[Give or annex details] 
 
(x) Interest Multiplier: 
[+/-][100]/[●] per cent.][As set out under Digital Option below] 
(This may be a negative value.) 
 
(xi) Margin: 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum][As set out under Digital Option below] 
 
(xii) Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[●] 
(Insert (i) Minimum Rate of Interest to floor the Rate of Interest; (ii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest to cap the Rate of Interest and (iii) Minimum 
Rate of Interest and Maximum Rate of Interest to collar the Rate of 
Interest) 
 
(xiv) Relevant Payment Date: 
[[●] in each year starting on [●], up to and including [the Maturity 
Date][●]]/[Each Interest Payment Date [and][The][ Maturity Date] 
 
(xv) Relevant Determination 
Date(s): 
[Specify/[Five] Business Days prior to [each/the] Relevant Payment 
Date] 
 
(xvi) Related Bond(s): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify for an Index/Fallback Bond] 
 
(xvii) Issuer(s) of Related 
Bond(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Fallback Bond(s): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify for an Index/The bond determined as provided in Condition 8]

--- Page 88 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
81 
 
(xix)  Period of Cessation of 
Publication: 
[2 consecutive months]/[•] 
 
(xx)  Evolution of Inflation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– 
Inflationinitial 
Reference Month: 
[●] 
 
 
– 
Reference 
Month(s): 
 
 
 
Reference 
Months 
Relevant 
Payment 
Dates 
Interest Periods 
 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
– 
Scaling Factor: 
[[100]/[●] per cent.] 
 
 
[Scaling Factor 
Interest Period 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
(xxi) Asian Option – Inflation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Inflationinitial 
Reference 
Month(s): 
[●],[●],[●] 
 
 
– 
Inflationt: 
As determined in accordance with the following elections: 
 
– 
Reference 
Month(s): 
 
 
 
Reference 
Monthst 
Relevant 
Payment 
Dates 
Interest Periods 
 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●], [●] ,[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●], [●] ,[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●], [●] ,[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
(Insert the different Reference Months for the purpose of 
determining each Inflationt) 
 
– 
Scaling Factor: 
[[100]/[●] per cent.]

--- Page 89 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
82 
 
 
[Scaling Factor 
Interest Period 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
(xxii) Digital Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph. If applicable, insert the relevant variables within the 
corresponding paragraph below) 
 
– 
Digital Option Type: 
Inflation 
 
– 
Digital 
Option 
Payment Condition: 
[Greater Than] 
[Less Than] 
[Greater Than Or Equal To] 
[Less Than Or Equal To] 
 
– 
Reference Months: 
 
 
 
Reference 
Months 
Relevant 
Payment 
Dates 
Interest Periods 
 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
– 
Digital 
Option 
Strike: 
[[●] 
(Insert relevant level) 
[Inflation Determination] 
 
– Reference 
Months: 
 
 
 
Reference 
Months 
Relevant 
Payment 
Dates 
Interest Periods 
 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
– Scaling Factor: 
[[100]/[●] per cent.] 
 
 
[Scaling Factor 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 90 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
83 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
– 
Digital 
Option 
Exercised Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
[As determined in accordance with the Digital Option Payment 
Determination Method] 
 
– Digital 
Option 
Payment 
Determination 
Method: 
[Not Applicable]  
[Screen Rate Determination]  
[Collar Rate] 
 
– Reference Rate:  
[EURIBOR][NIBOR][CMS] 
 
– Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):  
[●][Standard IDD][Arrears IDD] 
 
 
– Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading “EURIBOR Basis-
EUR”](if CMS) 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate) 
 
 
(If Collar Rate applies, insert relevant information for determining 
Digital Option Exercised Rate) 
 
– Interest 
Multiplier: 
[+/-][100]/[●] per cent. 
(This may be a negative value.) 
 
– Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
– Cap Rate: 
[●]/[Infinity] 
 
– Floor Rate: 
[●]/[Zero] 
 
– Collar Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum]  
 
– 
Digital 
Option 
Fallback Rate: 
[Zero] 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
[Collar Rate] 
 
 
(If Screen Rate Determination and/or Collar Rate applies, insert 
relevant information for determining Digital Option Fallback Rate) 
 
– Reference Rate:  
[EURIBOR][NIBOR][CMS] 
 
 
– Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):  
[●][Standard IDD][Arrears IDD] 
 
 
– Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading “EURIBOR Basis-
EUR”](if CMS) 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate) 
 
 
(If Collar Rate applies, insert relevant information for determining 
Digital Option Fallback Rate)

--- Page 91 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
84 
 
– Interest 
Multiplier: 
[+/-][100]/[●] per cent. 
(This may be a negative value.) 
 
– Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
– Cap Rate: 
[●]/[Infinity] 
 
– Floor Rate: 
[●]/[Zero] 
 
– Collar Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xxiii) 
Memory Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph. If applicable, insert the relevant variables within the 
corresponding paragraph below) 
– Memory Option Type: 
Inflation 
– Memory 
Option 
Payment Condition: 
[Greater Than] 
[Less Than] 
[Greater Than Or Equal To] 
[Less Than Or Equal To] 
 
– Valuation Dates: 
Valuation Dates 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
– Memory 
Option 
Level: 
[[●] 
 
– Memory Option Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
18 Currency Linked Interest 
Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[●]/[Issue Date] 
 
(ii) Interest Period End 
Dates: 
[[●] in each year, starting on [●], up to and including [the Maturity 
Date][●]] 
(iii) Business Day 
Convention for Interest 
Period End Dates: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year starting on [●], up to and including [the Maturity 
Date][●]]/[Interest Payment Dates will correspond to Interest Period 
End Dates] 
 
(v) Business Day 
Convention for Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/Not Applicable]

--- Page 92 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
85 
 
(vi) Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][specify other financial centres required for the 
Business Day definition] 
 
(vii) Interest Variable Option: 
[Evolution of Currency] 
[Asian Option – Currency] 
[Digital Option] 
(Depending on the applicable Interest Variable Option selected, insert 
the relevant variables within the corresponding paragraph below) 
 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
(Specify one of the options listed below) 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] or [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] or [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
(ix) Interest Multiplier: 
[+/-][100]/[●] per cent.][As set out under Digital Option below] 
(This may be a negative value.) 
 
(x) Margin: 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum][As set out under Digital Option below] 
 
(xi) Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[●] 
 
(xii) Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[●] 
(Insert (i) Minimum Rate of Interest to floor the Rate of Interest; (ii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest to cap the Rate of Interest and (iii) Minimum 
Rate of Interest and Maximum Rate of Interest to collar the Rate of 
Interest) 
 
(xiii) Currency Rate: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) Currency Page: 
[●] 
 
(xv) Event Currency: 
[●]/[Reference Currency] 
 
(xvi) Base Currency: 
[●]/[Specified Currency] 
 
(xvii) Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(xviii) Valuation Time: 
[●] 
 
(xix) Currency Disruption 
Events: 
[Not applicable]  
 
 
[Benchmark Obligation Default] 
 
[Benchmark Obligation description: [●]] (if Benchmark 
obligation default applicable)  
 
 
 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
 
[Governmental Authority Default]

--- Page 93 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
86 
 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
[Minimum Amount: [●]];  
 
[Illiquidity Valuation Date: [●]] (if Illiquidity applicable) 
 
 
 
 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
 
[Price Materiality] 
 
[Secondary Rate: [●]] 
 
[Price Materiality Percentage [●]](if Price Materiality 
applicable) 
 
 
 
 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Specific Inconvertibility] 
 
[Minimum Amount:[●]] 
(if 
Specific 
Inconvertibility 
applicable) 
 
 
[Specific Non-Transferability] 
 
(xx) Evolution of Currency: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– 
Currencyinitial 
Valuation Date: 
[●] 
 
 
– 
Valuation Dates: 
 
 
 
[Valuation Dates 
Interest Period 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
– 
Scaling Factor: 
[[100]/[●] per cent.] 
 
 
[Scaling Factor 
Interest Period 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
(xxi) Asian Option – 
Currency: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– 
Currencyinitial 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●],[●],[●] 
 
 
– 
Currencyt: 
As determined in accordance with the following elections: 
 
– 
Valuation Dates:

--- Page 94 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
87 
 
 
[Valuation Datest 
Interest Period 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
 
(Insert the different Valuation Dates for the purpose of determining 
each Currencyt) 
 
– 
Scaling Factor: 
[[100]/[●] per cent.] 
 
 
[Scaling Factor 
Interest Period 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
(xxii) Digital Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– 
Digital Option Type: 
Currency 
 
– 
Digital 
Option 
Payment Condition: 
[Greater Than] 
[Less Than] 
[Greater Than Or Equal To] 
[Less Than Or Equal To] 
 
– 
Valuation Dates: 
 
 
 
[Valuation Dates 
Interest Period 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
– 
Digital 
Option 
Strike: 
[●] 
(Insert relevant exchange rate) 
[Currency Determination] 
 
– Valuation Dates: 
Valuation Date 
 
Interest Period 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
– Scaling Factor: 
[[100]/[●] per cent.] 
 
 
[Scaling Factor 
Interest Period

--- Page 95 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
88 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
– 
Digital 
Option 
Exercised Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
[As determined in accordance with the Digital Option Determination 
Method] 
 
– Digital 
Option 
Payment 
Determination 
Method: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Screen Rate Determination]  
[Collar Rate] 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR][NIBOR][CMS] 
 
– Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●][Standard IDD][Arrears IDD] 
 
– Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading “EURIBOR Basis-
EUR”] (if CMS) 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate) 
 
 
(If Collar Rate applies, insert relevant information for determining 
Digital Option Exercised Rate) 
 
– Interest 
Multiplier: 
[+/-][100]/[●] per cent. 
(This may be a negative value.) 
 
– Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
– Cap Rate: 
[●]/[Infinity] 
 
– Floor Rate: 
[●]/[Zero] 
 
– Collar Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
– 
Digital 
Option 
Fallback Rate: 
[Zero] 
[[Screen Rate Determination][●] per cent. per annum] 
[Collar Rate] 
 
 
(If Screen Rate Determination and/or Collar Rate applies, insert 
relevant information for determining Digital Option Fallback Rate) 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR][NIBOR][CMS] 
 
– Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●][Standard IDD][Arrears IDD] 
 
 
– Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading “EURIBOR Basis-
EUR”] (if CMS) 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate)

--- Page 96 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
89 
 
 
(If Collar Rate applies, insert relevant information for determining 
Digital Option Fallback Rate) 
 
– Interest 
Multiplier: 
[+/-][100]/[●] per cent. 
(This may be a negative value.) 
 
– Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
– Cap Rate: 
[●]/[Infinity] 
 
– Floor Rate: 
[●]/[Zero] 
 
– Collar Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xxiii) 
Memory Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph. If applicable, insert the relevant variables within the 
corresponding paragraph below) 
– Memory Option Type: 
Currency  
– Memory 
Option 
Payment Condition: 
[Greater Than] 
[Less Than] 
[Greater Than Or Equal To] 
[Less Than Or Equal To] 
 
– Valuation Dates: 
Valuation Dates 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
– Memory 
Option 
Level: 
[[●] 
 
– Memory Option Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
 
 
19 Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
[[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
(NB: applicable in the case of Equity Linked Notes)

--- Page 97 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
90 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] (NB: applicable only for Equity Linked Notes 
and Index Linked Notes) 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in relation to 
each Underlying Equity/security] is [●]].  
(NB: Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] (NB: applicable only for Equity 
Linked Notes and Index Linked Notes) 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in relation 
to each Underlying Equity/security] is [●]]. (NB: Only 
applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
 
 
[Cross-contamination] 
(NB: applicable only for Equity Linked Notes with ETF Shares 
specified as an Underlying Equity) 
 
 
[ETF Insolvency Event] 
(NB: applicable only for Equity Linked Notes with ETF Shares 
specified as an Underlying Equity) 
[ETF Insolvency Entity: [specify][Not Applicable] 
(NB: Only applicable if ETF Insolvency Event is applicable)] 
 
 
[ETF Modification] 
(NB: applicable only for Equity Linked Notes with ETF Shares 
specified as an Underlying Equity) 
 
 
[ETF Regulatory Action] 
(NB: applicable only for Equity Linked Notes with ETF Shares 
specified as an Underlying Equity) 
 
 
[ETF Strategy Breach] 
(NB: applicable only for Equity Linked Notes with ETF Shares 
specified as an Underlying Equity) 
 
(i) Trade Date: 
[●] 
20 Alternative Currency 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) Alternative Currency: 
[USD][•] 
 
(ii) Maximum Alternative 
Currency Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) AC Rate Calculation Date: 
[●] AC Rate Calculation Business Days before the due date for 
payment of the relevant amount under the Notes 
 
(iv) AC Rate Calculation 
Jurisdiction(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) AC USD Rate Calculation 
Date: 
[●] AC USD Rate Calculation Business Days before the due date for 
payment of the relevant amount under the Securities 
 
(vi) AC USD Rate Calculation 
Jurisdiction(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) Trade Date: 
[●]

--- Page 98 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
91 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21 Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Business Day convention 
for Optional Redemption 
Dates: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/Not Applicable] 
(NB: This should be not applicable unless the Optional Redemption 
Date is not expected to fall on an Interest Payment Date) 
 
(iii) Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][specify other financial centres required for the 
Business Day definition] 
(NB: This should be not applicable unless the Optional Redemption 
Date is not expected to fall on an Interest Payment Date) 
 
(iv) Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) Issuer Call Period (if other 
than as set out in 
Condition 5(c)): 
[●]] 
[not] [less than [●]] [nor more than [●]] 
(N.B. If setting issuer call periods which are different to those provided 
in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Agent) 
22 Autocall Early Redemption:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) Autocall Type: 
[Index] 
[Underlying Equity] 
[Basket of Underlying Equities] 
[Currency] 
 
[– 
Index and details of 
the relevant Index 
Sponsor: 
Index: 
[name and short description of type 
of index] 
 
 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
 
 
Multiplier (per cent.): 
[specify] 
 
 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
 
 
Related Exchange: 
[All Exchanges][specify] 
 
 
Designated 
Multi-Exchange 
Index: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Valuation Time: 
[specify]] 
 
 
(Note that in the case of PD Notes, only indices administered by an  
administrator that is included in the public register maintained by the

--- Page 99 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
92 
European Securities and Markets Authority under Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 may be referenced) 
 
[– 
Valuation Time: 
[Condition 6(d) applies]/[●]] 
 
[– 
Correction of Index 
Levels: 
Correction of Index Levels [applies/does not apply and the Reference 
Price shall be calculated without regard to any subsequently published 
correction].] 
 
[– 
Correction Cut-Off 
Date: 
[[●] Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date/Not 
Applicable.]] 
 
[– 
The identity of the 
relevant Equity 
Issuer(s) of the 
equity 
security/equity 
securities in the 
basket: 
[Give or annex details of the relevant Underlying Equities/Underlying 
Equity, as applicable]: 
 
 
[The following apply only to Notes which have a single equity 
component]: 
 
 
Underlying Equity: 
[name and short description of type 
of shares (which, if “ETF Share” is 
specified below as applicable, will 
be ETF Shares)] issued by the 
Equity Issuer (ISIN: [●]) 
 
 
ETF Share 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Underlying Equity Currency: 
[specify] 
 
 
Equity Issuer: 
[specify](in the case of ETF 
Shares, specify the relevant ETF 
Issuer) 
 
 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
 
 
Related Exchange: 
 
[All Exchanges][specify] 
 
 
[(The following additional provisions apply only where the relevant 
equity component is an ETF Share): 
 
 
ETF Adviser: 
[specify] 
 
 
ETF Administrator: 
[specify] 
 
 
Reference Index: 
[specify]] 
 
 
[The following apply only to Notes with an equity basket component]: 
 
 
A basket composed of Underlying Equities in the relative proportions 
of Underlying Equities of each Equity Issuer specified below: 
 
 
Underlying Equity: 
[name and short description of type 
of shares (which, if “ETF Share” is 
specified below as applicable, will 
be ETF Shares)] issued by the 
Equity Issuer (ISIN: [●]) 
 
 
ETF Share 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Underlying Equity Currency: 
[specify]

--- Page 100 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
93 
 
 
Equity Issuer: 
[specify](in the case of ETF 
Shares, specify the relevant ETF 
Issuer) 
 
 
Multiplier (per cent.): 
[specify] 
 
 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
 
 
Related Exchange: 
[All Exchanges][specify] 
 
 
[(The following additional provisions apply only where the relevant 
equity component is an ETF Share): 
 
 
ETF Adviser: 
[specify] 
 
 
ETF Administrator: 
[specify] 
 
 
Reference Index: 
[specify]] 
 
 
[Replicate the details in respect of each Equity in the Basket]] 
 
[– 
Potential 
Adjustment Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[– 
De-listing, Merger 
Event, 
Nationalisation and 
Insolvency: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[– 
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[– 
Valuation Time: 
[Condition 7(d) applies]/[●] 
 
[– 
Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Insert details]] 
 
[– 
Correction of Share 
Prices: 
Correction of Share Prices [applies/does not apply and the Reference 
Price shall be calculated without regard to any subsequently published 
correction].] 
 
[– 
Correction Cut-Off 
Date: 
[●] Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date/Not 
Applicable.]] 
 
[– 
Trade Date: 
[●]] 
 
[– 
Currency Rate: 
[●]] 
 
[– 
Currency Page: 
[●]] 
 
[– 
Event Currency: 
[●]/[Reference Currency]] 
 
[– 
Base Currency: 
[●]/[Specified Currency]] 
 
[– 
Reference 
Currency: 
[●]] 
 
[– 
Valuation Time: 
[●]] 
 
[– 
Currency 
Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
[Benchmark Obligation Default] 
[Benchmark Obligation description: [●]] (if Benchmark 
obligation default applicable) 
 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
 
[General Non-Transferability]

--- Page 101 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
94 
 
 
[Governmental Authority Default] 
 
 
[Illiquidity] 
[Minimum Amount: [●]];  
[Illiquidity Valuation Date: [●]] (if Illiquidity applicable) 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
 
[Price Materiality] 
 
 
[Secondary Rate: [●]] 
 
 
[Price Materiality Percentage [●]](if Price Materiality 
applicable) 
 
 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Specific Inconvertibility] 
 
 
[Minimum Amount: [●]] (if Specific Inconvertibility 
applicable) 
 
 
[Specific Non-Transferability]] 
 
(ii) Autocall Condition: 
[Greater Than] 
[Less Than] 
[Greater Than Or Equal To] 
[Less Than Or Equal To] 
 
(iii) Autocall Observation 
Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention 
for Autocall Observation 
Dates: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Autocall Variable: 
 
 
– 
Autocall Variable 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Valuation Date(s): 
Autocall 
Observation 
Dates 
Valuation Date 
(where Autocall 
Variable Averaging 
is Not Applicable) 
Valuation Datest (where Autocall 
Variable Averaging is 
Applicable) 
 
 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●],[●],[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●],[●],[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●],[●],[●] 
 
 
(Insert the different Valuation Dates for the purpose of determining 
each Autocall Variable) 
 
[– 
Averaging 
Disruption 
Provisions: 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(vi) Autocall Strike:

--- Page 102 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
95 
 
– 
Autocall 
Strike 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete table and populate Autocall Strike 
Determination or Autocall Strike Averaging) 
 
 
Autocall 
Observation 
Dates 
Autocall Strike 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
– 
Autocall Strike 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
– 
 Autocall 
Strike 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[– 
Valuation Date(s): 
Autocall 
Observation 
Dates 
Valuation Date 
(where Autocall 
Strike 
Determination is 
Applicable) 
Valuation Datest (where 
Autocall Strike Averaging is 
Applicable) 
 
 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●],[●],[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●],[●],[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●],[●],[●] 
 
 
(Insert the different Valuation Dates for the purpose of determining 
each Autocall Variable, unless Autocall Strike Amount applies in which 
case delete the above table)] 
 
[– 
Averaging 
Disruption 
Provisions: 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(vii) Average Autocall 
Reference Price: 
 
 
– 
Autocall Variable 
Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Autocall 
Strike 
Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Autocall Reference 
Iteminitial Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Autocall Reference 
Itemfinal Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Scaling Factor: 
[[100]/[●] per cent.] 
 
 
[Scaling Factor 
Interest Period 
 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but excluding) 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 103 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
96 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] per cent. 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
(ix) Autocall Redemption 
Amount:  
[[●] 
 
 
[Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount 
Autocall Notes  
redeeming 
 
 
From (and 
including) 
To (but  
excluding) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
 
(If one or more specific amounts are specified, delete the remainder of 
this paragraph. If a specific amount is not specified, populate the 
provisions below) 
 
– 
Reference Iteminitial: 
[[●] 
(Insert relevant level or amount, depending on Autocall Type, unless 
Reference Iteminitial Determination or Autocall Reference Itemfinal 
Averaging applies)] 
[Reference Iteminitial Determination: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Autocall Reference Iteminitial Averaging: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Valuation Date(s): 
Autocall 
Observation 
Dates 
Valuation Date 
(where Reference 
Iteminitial 
Determination is 
Applicable) 
Valuation Datest (where 
Autocall Reference Iteminitial 
Averaging is Applicable) 
 
 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●],[●],[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●],[●],[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●],[●],[●]] 
 
[– 
Averaging 
Disruption 
Provisions: 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
– 
Reference Itemfinal: 
[[●] 
(Insert relevant level or amount, depending on Autocall Type, unless 
Reference Itemfinal Determination or Autocall Reference Itemfinal 
Averaging applies)] 
[Reference Itemfinal Determination: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Autocall Reference Itemfinal Averaging: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
– 
Valuation Date(s): 
Autocall 
Observation 
Dates 
Valuation Date 
(where Reference 
Itemfinal 
Determination is 
Applicable) 
Valuation Datest (where 
Autocall Reference Itemfinal 
Averaging is Applicable)

--- Page 104 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
97 
 
 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●],[●],[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●],[●],[●] 
 
 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●],[●],[●]] 
 
[– 
Averaging 
Disruption 
Provisions: 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
– 
Cap %: 
[●]/[Infinity] 
 
– 
Floor %: 
[●]/[Zero] 
 
– 
Scaling Factor: 
[[100]/[●] per cent.] 
 
 
Autocall 
Observation 
Dates 
Scaling Factor 
 
 
[●] 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
[●] 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
[●] 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
[●] 
[●] per cent. 
 
– 
Autocall Multiplier:  
[●] [100] per cent. 
23 Final Redemption Amount: 
[Redemption will be at par][●] 
[In accordance with Conditions] (applicable for Index Linked 
Redemption Notes, Equity Linked Redemption Notes and Currency 
Linked Redemption Notes only) 
[In accordance with Credit Linked Conditions] (applicable for Credit 
Linked Notes only) 
24 [Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on an 
illegality (or, in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes, following 
a cessation of the Reference 
Rate or, in the case of Index 
Linked Notes, following an 
Index Adjustment Event in 
accordance with Condition 
6(b)(ii)(b) or, in the case of 
Equity Linked Notes, 
following a De-listing and/or 
Merger Event and/or 
Nationalisation and/or 
Insolvency and/or Tender 
Offer in accordance with 
Condition 7(b)(ii)(b) or, in the 
case of Inflation Linked Notes, 
following an Inflation Index 
– Fixed Early Redemption Amount: [●][Not Applicable] 
– Fixed Early Redemption Percentage: [●]%[Not Applicable] 
– Including Interest: [Applicable][Not Applicable]] (if Condition 
5(e)(i) applies)

--- Page 105 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
98 
Cancellation pursuant to a 
Cessation of Publication in 
accordance with Condition 8 
or, in the case of Currency 
Linked Notes, following a 
Currency Disruption Event, in 
accordance with Condition 
9(b)(i)(D)) or following an 
Additional Disruption Event 
(if applicable) or, following a 
Scheduled Payment Currency 
Disruption Event: 
25 Index Linked Redemption 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index and details of the 
relevant Sponsors: 
 
Index: 
[name and short description of type of 
index.] 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
Designated Multi-
Exchange Index: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Note that in the case of PD Notes, only indices administered by an  
administrator that is included in the public register maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority under Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 may be referenced) 
 
(ii) Index Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
(Populate the provisions below) 
 
[– 
Index Redemption 
Multiplier: 
[+/-][100]/[●] per cent. 
(This may be a negative value.) 
 
[– 
Reference Iteminitial: 
[[●] 
(Insert relevant amount, unless Reference Iteminitial Determination or 
Reference Itemfinal Averaging applies)] 
 
 
[Reference Iteminitial Determination: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Reference Iteminitial Averaging: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[– 
Valuation Date(s): 
Valuation Date (where Reference 
Iteminitial Determination 
Applicable) 
Valuation Datest (where 
Reference Iteminitial Averaging 
Applicable) 
 
 
[N/A] 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●], [●], [●] 
 
 
(Insert the different Valuation Dates for the purpose of determining 
each Reference Iteminitial, unless relevant amount specified in which 
case delete the above table)] 
 
[– 
Averaging 
Disruption 
Provisions: 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]/[Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 106 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
99 
 
 
[– 
Reference Itemfinal: 
[[●] 
(Insert relevant amount, unless Reference Itemfinal Determination or 
Reference Itemfinal Averaging applies)] 
 
 
[Reference Itemfinal Determination: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Reference Itemfinal Averaging: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[– 
Valuation Date(s): 
Valuation Date (where Reference 
Itemfinal Determination 
Applicable) 
Valuation Datest (where 
Reference Itemfinal Averaging 
Applicable) 
 
 
 [N/A] 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●], [●], [●] 
 
 
(Insert the different Valuation Dates for the purpose of determining 
each Reference Itemfinal, unless relevant amount specified in which case 
delete the above table)] 
 
[– 
Averaging 
Disruption 
Provisions: 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
[– 
Scaling Factor: 
[100]/[●] per cent.] 
 
[– 
Cap %: 
[●]/[Infinity]] 
 
[– 
Floor %: 
[●]/[Zero]] 
 
(iii) Exchange(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) Related Exchange(s): 
[All Exchanges] 
 
(v) Valuation Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) Valuation Time: 
[Condition 6(d) applies]/[●] 
 
(vii) Multiplier: 
[+/-] [●] [100] per cent. 
 
(viii) Correction of Index 
Levels: 
Correction of Index Levels [applies/does not apply and the Reference 
Price shall be calculated without regard to any subsequently published 
correction]. 
 
(ix) Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date/Not Applicable 
26 Equity Linked Redemption 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Whether the Notes relate 
to a basket of equity 
securities or a single 
equity security, and the 
identity of the relevant 
Equity Issuer(s): 
[Basket of Underlying Equities/Single Underlying Equity] 
[(Give or annex details of the relevant Underlying Equities/ Underlying 
Equity, as applicable): 
[The following apply only to Notes which have a single equity 
component]: 
 
 
Underlying Equity: 
[name and short description of type of 
shares (which, if “ETF Share” is 
specified below as applicable, will be 
ETF Shares)] issued by the Equity Issuer 
(ISIN: [●]) 
 
 
ETF Share 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Underlying Equity 
Currency: 
[specify]

--- Page 107 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
100 
 
 
Equity Issuer: 
[specify] (in the case of ETF Shares, 
specify the relevant ETF Issuer) 
 
 
Exchange 
[specify] 
 
 
Related Exchange: 
[All Exchanges][specify] 
 
 
[(The following additional provisions apply only where the relevant 
equity component is an ETF Share): 
 
 
ETF Adviser: 
[specify] 
 
 
ETF Administrator: 
[specify] 
 
 
Reference Index: 
[specify]] 
 
 
[The following apply only to Notes with an equity basket component]: 
 
 
A basket composed of Underlying Equities in the relative proportions 
of Underlying Equities of each Equity Issuer specified below: 
 
 
Underlying Equity 
[name and short description of type of 
shares (which, if “ETF Share” is 
specified below as applicable, will be 
ETF Shares)] issued by the Equity Issuer 
(ISIN: [●]) 
 
 
ETF Share 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Underlying Equity 
Currency 
[specify] 
 
 
Equity Issuer 
[specify](in the case of ETF Shares, 
specify the relevant ETF Issuer) 
 
 
Multiplier (per cent.) 
[specify] 
 
 
Exchange 
[specify] 
 
 
[(The following additional provisions apply only where the relevant 
equity component is an ETF Share): 
 
 
ETF Adviser: 
[specify] 
 
 
ETF Administrator: 
[specify] 
 
 
Reference Index: 
[specify]] 
 
 
[Replicate the details in respect of each Equity in the Basket] 
 
(ii) Equity Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
[[●]] 
(Populate the provisions below) 
 
[– 
Equity Redemption 
Multiplier: 
[+/-][100]/[●] per cent. 
(This may be a negative value.) 
 
 
[– 
 Reference Iteminitial: 
[[●] 
(Insert relevant amount, unless Reference Iteminitial Determination or 
Reference Iteminitial Averaging applies)] 
 
 
[Reference Iteminitial Determination: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Reference Iteminitial Averaging: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[– 
Valuation Date(s): 
Valuation Date (where Reference 
Iteminitial Determination 
Applicable) 
Valuation Datest (where 
Reference Iteminitial Averaging 
Applicable) 
 
 
 
[N/A]

--- Page 108 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
101 
[N/A] 
[●] 
[●], [●], [●] 
 
 
(Insert the different Valuation Dates for the purpose of determining 
each Reference Iteminitial, unless relevant amount specified in which 
case delete the above table)] 
 
[– 
Averaging 
Disruption 
Provisions: 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
[– 
Reference Itemfinal: 
[[●] 
(Insert relevant amount, unless Reference Itemfinal Determination or 
Reference Itemfinal Averaging applies)] 
 
 
[Reference Itemfinal Determination: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Reference Itemfinal Averaging: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[– 
Valuation Date(s): 
 
Valuation Date (where Reference 
Itemfinal Determination 
Applicable) 
Valuation Datest (where 
Reference Itemfinal Averaging 
Applicable) 
 
 
 
[N/A] 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●], [●], [●] 
 
 
 
(Insert the different Valuation Dates for the purpose of determining 
each Reference Itemfinal, unless relevant amount specified in which case 
delete the above table)] 
 
[– 
Averaging 
Disruption 
Provisions: 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
[– 
Scaling Factor: 
[100]/[●] per cent.]] 
 
[– 
Cap %: 
[●]/[Infinity]] 
 
[– 
 Floor %: 
[●]/[Zero]] 
 
(iii) Related Exchange(s): 
[All Exchanges] 
 
(iv) Potential Adjustment 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) De-listing, Merger Event, 
Nationalisation and 
Insolvency: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(viii) Valuation Date: 
[●] 
 
(ix) Valuation Time: 
[Condition 7(d) applies]/[●] 
 
(x) Multiplier: 
[+/-] [●] [100] per cent. 
 
(xi) Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Insert details]

--- Page 109 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
102 
 
(xii) Correction of Share 
Prices: 
Correction of Share Prices [applies/does not apply and the Reference 
Price shall be calculated without regard to any subsequently published 
correction]. 
 
(xiii) Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date]/[Not Applicable.] 
 
(xiv) Trade Date: 
[●] 
27 Currency Linked 
Redemption Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Currency Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
[[●]] 
(Populate the provisions below) 
 
[– 
Currency 
Redemption 
Multiplier: 
[+/-][100]/[●] per cent. 
(This may be a negative value.) 
 
 
[– 
 Reference Iteminitial: 
[[●] 
(Insert relevant amount, unless Reference Iteminitial Determination or 
Reference Itemfinal Averaging applies)] 
 
 
[Reference Iteminitial Determination: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Reference Iteminitial Averaging: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[– 
 Valuation Date(s): 
 
Valuation Date (where Reference 
Iteminitial Determination 
Applicable) 
Valuation Datest (where 
Reference Iteminitial Averaging 
Applicable) 
 
 
 
[N/A] 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●], [●], [●] 
 
 
 
(Insert the different Valuation Dates for the purpose of determining 
each Reference Iteminitial, unless relevant amount specified in which 
case delete the above table)] 
 
 
[– 
 Reference Itemfinal: 
[[●] 
(Insert relevant amount, unless Reference Itemfinal Determination or 
Reference Itemfinal Averaging applies)] 
 
 
[Reference Itemfinal Determination: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Reference Itemfinal Averaging: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[– 
 Valuation Date(s): 
 
Valuation Date (where Reference 
Itemfinal Determination 
Applicable) 
Valuation Datest (where 
Reference Itemfinal Averaging 
Applicable) 
 
 
 
[N/A] 
[●] 
[N/A] 
[●], [●], [●] 
 
 
(Insert the different Valuation Dates for the purpose of determining 
each Reference Itemfinal, unless relevant amount specified in which case 
delete the above table)]

--- Page 110 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
103 
 
 
[– 
 Scaling Factor: 
[100]/[●] per cent.] 
 
[– 
 Cap %: 
[●]/[Infinity]] 
 
[– 
 Floor %: 
[●]/[Zero]] 
 
(ii) Currency Rate: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Currency Page: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Event Currency: 
[●]/[Reference Currency] 
 
(v) Base Currency: 
[●]/[Specified Currency] 
 
(vi) Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(vii) Valuation Date: 
[●] 
 
(viii) Valuation Time: 
[●] 
 
(ix) Multiplier: 
[+/-] [●] [100] per cent. 
 
(x) Currency Disruption 
Events: 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
[Benchmark Obligation Default] 
 
[Benchmark Obligation description: [●]] (if Benchmark 
obligation default applicable) 
 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
 
[Governmental Authority Default] 
 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
[Minimum Amount: [●]]; [Illiquidity Valuation Date: [●]] (if 
Illiquidity applicable) 
 
 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
 
 
[Nationalisation]  
 
 
[Price Materiality] 
 
[Secondary Rate: [●]] 
 
[Price Materiality Percentage [●]](if Price Materiality 
applicable) 
 
 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Specific Inconvertibility] 
[Minimum 
Amount:[●]] 
(if 
Specific 
Inconvertibility 
applicable) 
 
 
[Specific Non-Transferability]] 
28 Credit Linked Notes:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Type of Notes: 
[Single Name Credit Linked Notes][Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Notes][Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes] 
 
(ii) Credit Event Redemption 
Method: 
[Auction 
Redemption][Cash 
Redemption][Fixed 
Recovery 
Redemption]

--- Page 111 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
104 
 
[– Fallback Redemption 
Method: 
[Cash Redemption][Not Applicable]] (Only applicable where ‘Auction 
Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption Method) 
 
(iii) [Fixed Recovery 
Percentage: 
[●] per cent.]] (Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
(iv) Credit Payment on 
Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Credit Event Accrued 
Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Credit Event Suspended 
Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Credit Event Deferred 
Interest on Loss Amount: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
(In accordance with Item 2.2.2 of Annex 17 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980, the Reference Entity must have securities 
already admitted to trading on a regulated market, equivalent third 
country market or SME Growth Market) 
 
– 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level][Subordinated Level] 
 
– 
Standard Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where Applicable, specify Reference Obligation below if the fallback 
to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation under paragraph (c) of the 
definition of “Reference Obligation” is to apply) 
 
– 
Reference Obligation: 
[Specify Reference Obligation] 
 
– 
Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked Conditions 
is to apply][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Auction Redemption’ is applicable) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked Conditions 
is to apply][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Cash Redemption’ is applicable, including where ‘Cash Redemption’ 
is the Fallback Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption 
Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date specified in the Credit 
Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if Cash Redemption is the Credit Event Redemption Method or 
the Fallback Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Final Auction 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked Conditions 
is to apply][As per the Credit Linked Conditions](Only include if 
‘Auction Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ applies) 
 
– 
Final Cash 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked Conditions 
is to apply][As per the Credit Linked Conditions](Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ applies) 
 
– 
Funding Interest Rate: 
[●] 
 
(ix) Basket Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 112 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
105 
– 
Index: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Entities, 
Weighting, Reference 
Entity Notional 
Amount and 
Seniority Level: 
[As set out in Appendix 1 to the Final Terms](Insert if ‘Index’ is 
applicable) 
[(Insert below table if ‘Index’ is not applicable) 
Reference 
Entity: 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)] 
(In accordance with Item 2.2.2 of Annex 17 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980, the Reference Entity must have securities 
already admitted to trading on a regulated market, equivalent third 
country market or SME Growth Market) 
 
– 
Standard Reference 
Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where applicable, specify Reference Obligation(s) below if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation under paragraph (c) 
of the definition of “Reference Obligation” is to apply. Insert the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
– 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Specify Reference Obligation(s)] (If ‘Index’ is not applicable, insert 
the Reference Obligation for each Reference Entity) [In respect of each 
Reference Entity, the obligation identified in respect of such Reference 
Entity in the Appendix hereto](Insert if ‘Index’ is applicable) 
 
– 
Basket Auction 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked Conditions 
is to apply][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Auction Redemption’ is applicable) 
 
– 
Basket Auction 
Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date specified in the Credit 
Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if Auction Redemption is the Credit Event Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Basket Cash 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked Conditions 
is to apply][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Cash Redemption’ is applicable, including where’ Cash Redemption’ 
is the Fallback Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Basket Cash 
Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date specified in the Credit 
Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if Cash Redemption is the Credit Event Redemption Method or 
the Fallback Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Basket Final Auction 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked Conditions 
is to apply][As per the Credit Linked Conditions](Only include if 
‘Auction Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ applies)

--- Page 113 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
106 
 
– 
Basket Final Cash 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked Conditions 
is to apply][As per the Credit Linked Conditions](Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ applies) 
 
– 
Funding Interest Rate: 
[●] 
 
(x) Index Tranche Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Index: 
[Specify] 
 
– 
Reference Entities: 
As set out in Appendix 1 to the Final Terms 
(In accordance with Item 2.2.2 of Annex 17 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980, the Reference Entity must have securities 
already admitted to trading on a regulated market, equivalent third 
country market or SME Growth Market) 
 
– 
Standard Reference 
Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where Applicable, specify Reference Obligation(s) below if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation under paragraph (c) 
of the definition of “Reference Obligation” is to apply. Insert the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
– 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation identified in respect 
of such Reference Entity in the Appendix hereto] 
 
– 
Attachment Point: 
[●] per cent. 
 
– 
Detachment Point: 
[●] per cent. 
 
– 
Leverage: 
[●] per cent. 
 
– 
Tranche Size: 
[●] [This is the product of (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Notes and (b) the Detachment Point minus the Attachment Point] 
 
– 
Loss Threshold 
Amount: 
[●] [This is the product of the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount and 
the Attachment Point] 
 
– 
Recovery Threshold 
Amount: 
[●] [This is the product of (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount 
and (b) 100% minus the Detachment Point] 
 
– 
Index Tranche 
Incurred Loss 
Amount: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Index Tranche 
Incurred Recovery 
Amount: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Index Tranche Cash 
Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date specified in the Credit 
Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Index Tranche 
Auction Redemption 
Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date specified in the Credit 
Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Funding Interest Rate: 
[●] 
 
(xi) Obligations: 
 
 
– 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment][Borrowed 
Money][Reference 
Obligation 
Only] 
[Bond][Loan][Bond or Loan] (Select one only) 
 
– 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated]

--- Page 114 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
107 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in the definition of 
“Specified Currency” applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[None] 
(Select all that apply) 
 
– 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
 
– 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Fixed Cap: [Specify] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) Valuation Obligations: 
 
 
– 
Valuation Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment][Borrowed 
Money][Reference 
Obligations 
Only] 
[Bond][Loan][Bond or Loan] (Select one only) 
 
– 
Valuation Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in the definition of 
“Specified Currency” applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Domestic Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in the definition of 
“Domestic Currency” in the Credit Linked Conditions applies) 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan] 
[Consent Required Loan] 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
[Transferable] 
[Maximum Maturity [of [•] years (Specify if default is not to apply)]] 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
[Not Bearer] (Select all that apply) 
[Together with [Specify other obligation applicable for each Reference 
Entity other than those determined by reference to Obligation Category 
and Obligation Characteristics]] 
 
– 
Excluded Valuation 
Obligation: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
 
– 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Fixed Cap: [Specify] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Financial Reference 
Entity Terms: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) Coco Supplementary 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[–  [Trigger Percentage: 
[●]] 
 
(xvi) Credit Event[(s)]: 
[Bankruptcy]

--- Page 115 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
108 
[Failure to Pay 
Payment Requirement: [● or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant failure to 
pay] [OR] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
Grace Period Extension: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[Grace Period: [Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions]] 
[Governmental Intervention] 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
[Obligation Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring 
Mod R: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Mod Mod R: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Multiple Holder Obligation: [Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
[Select all that apply] 
 
– 
Default Requirement: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Fixed Cap: [Specify] [Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Notice of Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Not Applicable] [Note that it is not necessary to specify “Applicable” 
as the default position under the Credit Linked Conditions is for a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information to apply] 
Public Source(s): [Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
Specified Number: [Specify][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] 
 
(xvii) Non-Standard Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Event Determination 
Date Version B: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (Specify Event Determination Date 
Version B as applicable where the hedging CDS has only one Notifying 
Party (i.e. “Buyer” or “Seller” is specified as the Notifying Party). 
Otherwise specify “Not Applicable” and the Event Determination Date 
provisions which are equivalent to having two Notifying Parties under 
a CDS will apply] 
 
(xix) 
Movement Option: 
[Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Full Transferable Obligation 
Applicable][Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Cash Redemption 
Terms: 
[Applicable [as Fallback Redemption Method]][Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Valuation Date[(s)]: 
[Single Valuation Date: 
Number of Business Days: [Specify][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
[●] Business Days and each [●] Business Days thereafter. 
[Number of Valuation Dates: [●]]] 
 
– 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Valuation Method: 
[Highest][Market][Average Highest][Average Market][Lowest]

--- Page 116 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
109 
 
– 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid][Offer][Mid-market] 
 
– 
Quotation Dealers: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include Accrued Interest][Exclude Accrued Interest][As per Credit 
Linked Condition 12(b)(ii)III] 
 
(xxi) 
Physical Settlement 
Matrix Standard 
Terms: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[Physical Settlement Matrix: [Specify][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
Transaction Type: [Specify]] 
 
(xxii) 
Redemption 
Following Merger: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Settlement Currency: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES  
29 Form of Notes: 
 
 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
 
30 Calculation Agent 
responsible for calculating 
the [Variable] Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and for making 
calculations pursuant to 
[Condition 3(c)][Condition 
5(d)] [Condition 
6][Condition 7][Condition 
8][Condition 9][Credit 
Linked Conditions]: 
[(Give name and address)] 
31 Additional Financial 
Centre(s) and/or other 
elections relating to Payment 
Days: 
[Not Applicable/give details] (Note that this item relates to the place of 
payment and not “Business Days” for the purposes of the Maturity 
Date, Interest Payment Dates and Optional Redemption Dates - please 
insert any additional financial centres required for the definition of 
Payment Day which applies to payments to be made to Noteholders and 
separate from the definition of “Additional Business Centre” and 
“Business Day”) 
[TARGET Not Required] 
[Principal Financial Centre Not Required] 
32 Talons for future Coupons to 
be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No (if yes, give details)]] 
DISTRIBUTION 
33 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
a) Names and addresses 
of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and addresses]

--- Page 117 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
110 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to underwrite the 
issue on a firm commitment basis and names and addresses of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment or on a 
“best efforts” basis if such entities are not the same as the managers. 
Describe underwriting) 
 
b) [Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[●]]5 
 
c) Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
34 If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
35 [Total commission and 
concession: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount]6 
36 U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not 
applicable] 
37 Prohibition of sales to EEA 
retail investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
38 Prohibition of sales to 
consumers in Belgium: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
39 [Public Offer Consent: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes may be made by the 
[Dealers/Managers] [and] [specify names, addresses and LEIs of any 
financial intermediaries receiving specific consent] (the “Initial 
Authorised 
Offerors”)] 
[[and 
by 
any 
additional 
financial 
intermediaries who have or obtain the Issuer’s consent to use the Base 
Prospectus in connection with the Public Offer, and whose names and 
addresses are made available, on the website of the Issuer (at 
[www.kbc.com]) as an Authorised Offeror (together being persons to 
which the Issuer has given its consent, the “Authorised Offerors”)] 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in 
[Belgium] [and] [Luxembourg] (the “Public Offer Jurisdictions”) 
during the period from (and including) [specify date] to (and including) 
[specify date] (the “Offer Period”). See further Paragraph 12 of Part B 
below.]]7 
40 [General consent: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]]8 
41 [Other conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable][●]]9 
42 Additional U.S. Tax 
Considerations:  
The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for purposes of Section 871(m) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. [Additional information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will be 
available from [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact].]] [As 
 
 
 
                                                          
5 
Include only if Notes are issued that require information to be given in accordance with Annex 6 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
6 
Include only if Notes are issued that require information to be given in accordance with Annex 6 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
7 
Include only if Notes are issued that require information to be given in accordance with Annex 6 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
8 
Include only if Notes are issued that require information to be given in accordance with Annex 6 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
9 
Include only if Notes are issued that require information to be given in accordance with Annex 6 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980.

--- Page 118 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
111 
at the date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has not determined whether 
the Notes are Specified Notes for purposes of Section 871(m) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; however, indicatively it considers 
that they will [not] be Specified Notes for these purposes. This is 
indicative information only, subject to change, and if the Issuer’s final 
determination is different then it will give notice of such determination. 
[Please contact [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact] for 
further information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the 
Notes.]] [Applicable][Not Applicable] (If applicable, specify) 
(N.B., obtain U.S. tax advice in case of non-principal protected Notes, 
Notes that are traded as non-functional currency contingent payment 
debt instruments under Treasury Regulation 1.988-6, or Notes that 
provide for physical settlement.)  
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] (the “Reference Information”) has been extracted from [www.standardandpoors.com, www.moodys.com and 
www.fitchratings.com (the “Relevant Websites”)]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [each of the Relevant Websites], no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]. 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
By: ________________________________  
By: ________________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
 
By: ________________________________  
By: ________________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 119 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
112 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been made]/[is expected to be made] by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[specify 
relevant 
regulated 
market]/[the 
[regulated 
market]/[Professional Segment] of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] with effect from on or around [the Issue Date][●].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
[Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●].]10 
2. 
[RATINGS11: 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated.]   
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] rated 
[insert details] by [insert credit rating agency name(s)].] [Need to 
include here a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the EEA and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, 
although notification of the corresponding registration decision 
has not yet been provided by the relevant competent authority.] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the EEA and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 and is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA in 
accordance with Article 18(3) of such Regulation] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the EEA and is 
not registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009.] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the EEA and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009. 
However, the application for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 of [insert the name of the relevant EU CRA affiliate 
that applied for registration], which is established in the EEA, 
disclosed the intention to endorse credit ratings of [insert credit 
rating agency].] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the EEA and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009. 
The ratings [[have been]/[are expected to be]] endorsed by [insert 
the name of the relevant EU-registered credit rating agency] in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009. [Insert the name 
of the relevant EU-registered credit rating agency] is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
 
 
 
                                                          
10 Include only if Notes are issued that require information to be given in accordance with Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
11 A list of credit rating agencies registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 and included in the list of credit rating agencies is published on the ESMA 
website (http://esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs).

--- Page 120 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
113 
and is included in the list of credit rating agencies as published by 
ESMA in accordance with Article 18(3) of such Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the EEA and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, 
but it is certified in accordance with such Regulation.]]12 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE: 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Dealers/Managers/Initial Authorised Offerors/Authorised Offerors], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers/Initial Authorised Offerors/Authorised Offerors] and their affiliates have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer and the Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
- Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES: 
 
(i) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[●]] 
 
 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus - if reasons 
for offer different from making profit and/or hedging certain risks 
will need to include those reasons here, including if the Issuer 
intends to apply the net proceeds for Green Bond Eligible Assets.) 
 
[(ii)] 
[Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund 
all proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
[(iii)] 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[●]] 
(Expenses are required to be broken down into each principal 
intended “use” and presented in order of priority of such “uses”.) 
5. 
YIELD:  
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Include for Fixed Rate Notes only] 
 
(i)  
Gross yield: 
 
[●] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii)  
Net yield: 
[●] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum yield: 
[●][Include for Floating Rate Notes only where a maximum rate of 
interest applies] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum yield: 
[●][Include for Floating Rate Notes only where a minimum rate of 
interest applies] 
 
 
 
                                                          
12 Include only if Notes are issued that require information to be given in accordance with Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980.

--- Page 121 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
114 
[Not Applicable] 
6. 
[HISTORIC INTEREST RATES] (Floating Rate Notes only) 
 
[Details of historic and projected performance of [EURIBOR/NIBOR/CMS] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters]/[●].][Not Applicable] 
7. 
[PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE INDEX] 
(Index-Linked Notes only) 
 
[The details of past and future performance and volatility of the index/formula can be obtained on [insert 
relevant Bloomberg page]. 
 
[Need to include details of where the information about [the/each] Index can be obtained.] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
8. 
[PERFORMANCE OF [THE UNDERLYING EQUITY/BASKET OF UNDERLYING EQUITIES] 
[AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING [THE UNDERLYING EQUITY/BASKET OF 
UNDERLYING EQUITIES]] (Equity Linked Notes only) 
 
[The details of past and future performance and volatility of the Underlying Equity/basket of Underlying 
Equities can be obtained on [insert relevant Bloomberg page]. 
 
[Not Applicable] 
9. 
[PERFORMANCE OF INFLATION AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING INFLATION 
INDEX] (Inflation Linked Notes only) 
 
[The details of past and future performance and volatility of the relevant rates/formula/currencies/inflation 
index can be obtained on [insert relevant Bloomberg page]. 
 
[Not Applicable] 
10. INFORMATION IN RELATION TO THE REFERENCE ENTITY [AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE REFERENCE ENTITY] (Credit Linked Notes only) 
 
[Name, ISIN, address, country of incorporation, industry or industries in which the Reference Entity operates 
and the name of the market in which its securities are admitted] 
[The details of past and future performance and volatility of the Reference Entity can be obtained [insert 
relevant Bloomberg page]. 
[Not Applicable] 
11. [INFORMATION IN RELATION TO THE CURRENCY RATE AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE CURRENCY RATE] (Currency Linked Notes only) 
 
[The details of past and future performance and volatility of the Currency Rate can be obtained on [insert 
relevant Bloomberg page]. 
[Not Applicable] 
12. [TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER:]13  
 
[Offer Price: 
[Specify] 
 
 
 
                                                          
13 Include only if Notes are issued that require information to be given in accordance with Annex 6 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980.

--- Page 122 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
115 
 
[Offer Period:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Conditions to which the offer is 
subject:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Description of the application 
process:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application]: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Description of possibility to reduce: 
subscriptions and manner for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants] 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
 
[Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the 
Notes:] 
[Not Applicable/give details - where Additional Settlement Date(s) 
is/are specified as being applicable, insert the following 
paragraph: 
 
 
The date of delivery of the Notes to the investors’ respective book-
entry securities accounts will vary depending on the period during 
which the offer of the Notes is accepted by the relevant investor. 
The Issuer estimates that the Notes will be delivered on or around 
the date specified for the relevant period under the heading 
“Settlement Date” as specified in the table under “Offer Price” 
above.] 
 
[Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer and the Additional 
Settlement Date(s) (if relevant) are to 
be made public:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted and the 
indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Name(s) and addresses, to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in 
the various countries where the offer 
takes place:] 
[Not Applicable/the financial intermediaries identified in or in the 
manner specified in paragraph [●] (Public Offer Consent)/give 
details]  
13. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION: 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(iii) [CFI: 
[Not Applicable/[●]]

--- Page 123 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
116 
 
(iv) [FISN: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(v) Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and 
the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(vi) Delivery: 
Delivery against payment 
 
(vii) Agent: 
[Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A.] [●] 
 
(viii) Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert here any other relevant codes such as CUSIP and CINS 
codes) 
 
(ix) Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
(x) [Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[The 
Euro 
Interbank 
Offered 
Rate 
(“EURIBOR”) is provided by the European Money Markets 
Institute (“EMMI”). As at the date hereof, EMMI [appears]/[does 
not appear] in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by [the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (“ESMA”)/[ESMA] pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”).] [The Norwegian 
Interbank Offered Rate (“NIBOR”) is provided by the Norske 
Finansielle Referanser AS (“NoRe”). As at the date hereof, NoRe 
[appears]/[does not appear] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by [the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”)/[ESMA] pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
[Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011 
(the 
“Benchmark 
Regulation”)]/[the Benchmark Regulation].]/ [The SOFR Swap 
Rate is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
(“IBA”). As at the date hereof, IBA [appears]/[does not appear] in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by [the European Securities and Markets Authority

--- Page 124 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
117 
(“ESMA”)/[ESMA] pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of [Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the 
“Benchmark 
Regulation”)]/[the 
Benchmark 
Regulation].]/[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]. As at the date hereof, [administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by [the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”)/[ESMA] pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
[Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011 
(the 
“Benchmark 
Regulation”)]/[Benchmark Regulation].]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 
2 of the Benchmark Regulation.]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation 
apply, such that [administrator legal name] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration.]

--- Page 125 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
118 
[ANNEX 
SUMMARY OF THE NOTES]14 
[Insert completed summary for the Notes] 
(include only if Notes are issued that require information to be given in accordance with Annex 6 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, and not for Notes that require information to 
be given in accordance with Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended) 
 
 
 
 
                                                          
14 Include only if Notes are issued that require information to be given in accordance with Annex 6 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980.

--- Page 126 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
119 
[APPENDIX 1] 
 
[BASKET CREDIT LINKED NOTES][INDEX TRANCHE CREDIT LINKED NOTES] – REFERENCE 
ENTITIES AND WEIGHTING 
 
(For Basket Credit Linked Notes where ‘Index’ is applicable or Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes insert the 
component Reference Entities of the Index, their Weightings and their respective Reference Obligation(s). Delete the 
Appendix if the Notes are not Basket Credit Linked Notes where ‘Index’ is applicable or Index Tranche Credit Linked 
Notes) 
(In accordance with Item 2.2.2 of Annex 17 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, the Reference 
Entity must have securities already admitted to trading on a regulated market, equivalent third country market or 
SME Growth Market) 
Reference Entity: 
Weighting: 
Reference Entity 
Notional Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated Level] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 127 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
120 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
This section sets out the contractual terms and conditions of the Notes. The subsections on Interest Amounts 
and redemption contain certain options for determining interest payments (if any), early redemption rights 
and final redemption payments. The Final Terms will indicate which of these options shall apply for each 
specific Notes issuance. 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which, as completed in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms, will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each Definitive 
Note (as defined below), in the latter case only if permitted by the rules of the relevant stock exchange (if any) 
and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue but if not so permitted and agreed, such 
Definitive Note will have endorsed upon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Temporary Global Note, 
Permanent Global Note and Definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Form of Final Terms” above for a 
description of the content of Final Terms which will include the definitions of certain terms used in the following 
Terms and Conditions and/or will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
The Notes are one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by KBC IFIMA S.A., a public limited liability 
company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with registered 
office at 4 rue du Fort Wallis, L-2714 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the trade 
and companies register (RCS Luxembourg) under number B193577 (the “Issuer”) pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean (i) in relation to 
any Notes represented by a global note (a “Global Note”), units of each Specified Denomination in the 
Specified Currency, (ii) any Definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note (a “Definitive Note”) and 
(iii) any Global Note. 
The Notes and any Coupons (as defined below) are issued pursuant to and have the benefit of an Agency 
Agreement (the “Agency Agreement”) dated 24 January 2022, as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time in relation to the Issuer’s EUR 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme, 
and made among the Issuer, KBC Bank NV (the “Guarantor”) as guarantor, Banque Internationale à 
Luxembourg S.A. as issuing and principal paying agent (the “Agent”, which expression shall include any 
successor agent specified in the applicable Final Terms), and the other paying agents named therein (together 
with the Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying 
agents). 
Interest bearing Definitive Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have interest 
coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be 
deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on 
issue. 
The final terms for a Series of Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
and are attached hereto or endorsed hereon and complete these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) for 
the purposes of such Series of Notes. References to the “applicable Final Terms” are to the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached hereto or endorsed hereon. 
The payment and, where applicable, delivery of all amounts in respect of the Notes has been guaranteed by the 
Guarantor pursuant to a deed of guarantee dated 24 January 2022, as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time (the “Guarantee”) executed by the Guarantor. The original of the Guarantee is held 
by the Agent on behalf of the Noteholders and the Couponholders at its specified office.

--- Page 128 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
121 
The Notes are issued on an unsubordinated basis by the Issuer and guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis by 
the Guarantor as described in Condition 2. Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any 
Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes, and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be 
construed as provided below. Any reference herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons, 
and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and “Series” 
means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (i) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their 
respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant executed by the 
Issuer (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 24 January 2022, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear (as 
defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection or 
collection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be 
provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to the Agent, any Paying Agent or the 
Issuer and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Agent, any Paying Agent or 
the Issuer). Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, 
the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered to the public in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation will only be available for inspection by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes of that Series and 
such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes 
and identity. Copies of the applicable Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area and/or offered to the public in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation are also available 
for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu. The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. 
The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of Definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency 
and the Specified Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, Range Accrual Notes, Index Linked 
Interest Notes, Equity Linked Interest Notes, Inflation Linked Interest Notes, Currency Linked Interest Notes 
(each, an “Interest Basis”) or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis or 
Interest Bases shown in the applicable Final Terms. The Notes will be Fixed Redemption Notes (redeeming at 
par unless the Final Redemption Amount is otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms), Index Linked

--- Page 129 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
122 
Redemption Notes, Equity Linked Redemption Notes, or Currency Linked Redemption Notes, and may be 
Autocall Notes, depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case references 
to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as 
the absolute owner thereof, whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing 
thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof, for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, 
without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg), who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of 
such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the 
case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Paying Agents as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or Interest 
Amounts on the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with 
and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2 
Status of the Notes and the Guarantee 
(a) 
Ranking of Notes and Coupons 
The Notes and the relevant Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu with all present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and pari passu without any preference among themselves 
except for obligations given priority by law. 
(b) 
Notes Guaranteed 
The Notes are guaranteed as to payment of principal and Interest Amounts by the Guarantor upon the 
terms contained in the Guarantee. 
(c) 
Ranking of Claims on the Guarantee 
Claims in respect of the Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Guarantor and rank and will rank pari passu with all present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, without any preference among themselves and pari passu 
without any preference one above the other by reason of priority of date of issue, currency of payment 
or otherwise, except for obligations given priority by law.

--- Page 130 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
123 
3 
Interest 
The applicable Final Terms may specify one or more Interest Basis as being applicable to the Notes. Where 
more than one Interest Basis is applicable, the Notes shall bear interest in accordance with each of the provisions 
of this Condition 3 that apply to each applicable Interest Basis. Where an Interest Basis specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is: 
(i) 
Index Linked Interest Notes, then the provisions of this Condition 3 are subject to Condition 6;  
(ii) 
Equity Linked Interest Notes, then the provisions of this Condition 3 are subject to Condition 7; 
(iii) 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes, then the provisions of this Condition 3 are subject to Condition 8; and 
(iv) 
Currency Linked Interest Notes, then the provisions of this Condition 3 are subject to Condition 9. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) its Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate(s) of Interest specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Interest will accrue in respect of each Interest Period (as defined in Condition 3(e)) and will be 
payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s). 
The Interest Amount (as defined in Condition 3(e)) payable on Fixed Rate Notes in respect of any Interest 
Period shall be calculated by applying the relevant Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest two decimal places (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) 
in the Specified Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, half of one unit) being rounded 
upwards. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form comprises more 
than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note in 
accordance with this Condition 3(a) shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner 
provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Fixed Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an Interest Amount in accordance 
with this Condition 3(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Period End Date (or, if none, the applicable Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or

--- Page 131 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
124 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Period End Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Fixed Day Count Fraction =  
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30;

--- Page 132 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
125 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Fixed Day Count Fraction =  
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Fixed Day Count Fraction =  
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls: 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and

--- Page 133 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
126 
(ix) 
if “1/1” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 1, 
where: 
“Determination Period” means, for the purposes of Actual/Actual (ICMA) only, the period from 
(and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the next Determination Date (including 
where either the applicable Interest Commencement Date or final Interest Period End Date is not 
a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and 
ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Index Linked Interest Notes, Equity Linked Interest Notes, Inflation 
Linked Interest Notes and Currency Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Dates 
Floating Rate Notes, Index Linked Interest Notes, Equity Linked Interest Notes, Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes and Currency Linked Interest Notes bear interest at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the rate of interest determined in accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii), 
from (and including) their Interest Commencement Date. Interest will accrue in respect of each 
Interest Period (as defined in Condition 3(e)) relating to an Interest Basis and will be payable in 
arrear on the applicable Interest Payment Date(s). The Interest Amount payable shall be 
calculated in accordance with Condition 3(b)(iv).  
(ii) 
Rate(s) of Interest 
The rate(s) of interest payable from time to time in respect of Notes that are Floating Rate Notes, 
Index Linked Interest Notes, Equity Linked Interest Notes, Inflation Linked Interest Notes and/or 
Currency Linked Interest Notes will be equal to the rate(s) of interest determined in accordance 
with this Condition 3(b)(ii), depending on the Interest Variable Option specified for each such 
applicable Interest Basis in the applicable Final Terms (each, a “Variable Rate of Interest”), but 
subject always to any minimum and/or maximum limits imposed on such Variable Rate of Interest 
in accordance with Condition 3(b)(iii). 
For the purposes of any calculations required to calculate a Variable Rate of Interest, unless 
otherwise specified, all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a 
percentage point being rounded upwards). 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination  
(1) 
For Floating Rate Notes in respect of which Screen Rate Determination - IBOR is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Interest Variable Option, the Variable 
Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject as provided in this Condition 
3(b)(ii)(A)(2) and (3) and Condition 3(g) below, be the product of (a) either:  
(I) 
the offered quotation; or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time 
(as defined in Condition 3(b)(ii)(A)(4)) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus the Margin (if any) (as indicated in the applicable Final

--- Page 134 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
127 
Terms), all as determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) the Interest Multiplier 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(2) 
If the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be EURIBOR or 
NIBOR, where:  
(a) 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations; or 
(b) 
the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of Condition 
3(b)(ii)(A)(1)(I), no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of 
Condition 3(b)(ii)(A)(1)(II), fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the Specified Time (as defined in Condition 
3(b)(ii)(A)(4)), the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined in Condition 3(b)(ii)(A)(4)) to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question and if on any Interest Determination Date: 
(i) two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Variable Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be the product of (a) the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of such offered quotations, plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), and (b) the Interest Multiplier 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered rates, the Variable Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the product of (a) the offered rate for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such 
purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks 
in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone interbank 
market, or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the Oslo interbank market, 
as the case may be, plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) 
and (b) the Interest Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(c) 
the Variable Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Variable Rate of Interest shall 
be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date.

--- Page 135 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
128 
(3) 
If the Reference Rate is CMS and no quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page at the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, then the 
Variable Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of the mid-market annual 
swap rate quotations provided by five leading swap dealers in the European inter-
bank market at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. The Calculation Agent will select the five swap dealers in 
its sole discretion and will request each of those dealers to provide a quotation of 
its rate in accordance with market practice. If at least three quotations are 
provided, the Variable Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period will be the 
product of (a) the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the quotations, 
eliminating the highest and lowest quotations or, in the event, of equality, one of 
the highest and one of the lowest quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any) and (b) the Interest Multiplier specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If fewer than three quotations are provided, the Variable Rate of Interest 
will be determined in accordance with Condition 3(g). 
(4) 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(A): 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, 
and in the case of a determination in NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major 
banks in the Oslo inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole discretion. 
“Specified Time” means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) in the case of EURIBOR, 
12.00 noon (Oslo time) in the case of NIBOR or 11.00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) in the 
case of CMS. 
(B) 
(1) 
CMS SOFR 
For Floating Rate Notes in respect of which Screen Rate Determination - CMS 
SOFR is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Interest Variable Option, the 
Variable Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject as provided in this 
Condition 3(b)(ii)(B) and Condition 3(g) below, be the product of (a) the Reference 
Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date plus or minus the Margin (if any) (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms), all as determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) the 
Interest Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purpose of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(B): 
“Administrator” means ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (or a successor 
administrator); 
“Designated Maturity” means the period of time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means the second Swap Rate Publication Day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
“SOFR Swap Rate” means the swap rate for a fixed-for-floating U.S. Dollar swap 
transaction in respect of the Designated Maturity where the floating leg references 
the compounded Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) administered by the

--- Page 136 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
129 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator), as 
administered by the Administrator; 
“Specified Time” means 11.00 a.m. (New York City time); and 
“Swap Rate Publication Day” means, in respect of the SOFR Swap Rate, any day 
on which the Administrator is due to publish the rate for such SOFR Swap Rate 
pursuant to its publication calendar, as updated from time to time. 
(2) 
Corrections 
If the SOFR Swap Rate in respect of an Interest Determination Date is subsequently 
corrected and published by the Administrator on the Relevant Screen Page no later 
than the Correction Cut-off Time, then the SOFR Swap Rate in respect of such 
Interest Determination Date shall be the subsequently corrected and published rate 
appearing on the Relevant Screen Page. 
For the purpose of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(B)(2): 
“Correction Cut-off Time” means the time specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if later or if is no such time is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, one hour after the SOFR Swap Rate in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date is published on the Relevant Screen Page. 
(3) 
Fallbacks. 
If the SOFR Swap Rate in respect of an Interest Determination Date is not 
published by the Administrator and is not otherwise provided by the Administrator, 
then the SOFR Swap Rate in respect of such Interest Determination Date will be 
the SOFR Swap Rate determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, taking into account all available information 
that it considers relevant, including any rate implemented by central counterparties 
and/or futures exchanges (if any), in each case with trading volumes in derivatives 
or futures referencing the SOFR Swap Rate that the Calculation Agent determines 
is sufficient for such rate to be a representative alternative rate. 
(C) 
Rates Variance 
For Floating Rate Notes in respect of which Rates Variance is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Interest Variable Option, the Calculation Agent will calculate the 
Variable Rate of Interest for each Interest Period as the product of: 
(1) 
[(𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅1 −{𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅2 𝑥𝑥 𝑆𝑆𝐹𝐹}) ± 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀]; 𝑎𝑎𝑎𝑎𝑎𝑎 
(2) 
the Interest Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purpose of Condition 3(b)(ii)(C)(1), unless a fixed percentage is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the value of Rate1 and/or Rate2 for each Interest Period will be 
equal to:  
(i) 
if Screen Rate Determination is specified as the Rate1 Variable Option and/or the 
Rate2 Variable Option in the applicable Final Terms, the Variable Rate of Interest 
determined in accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii)(A) above, for which purpose 
only (a) the Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date and Relevant Screen Page

--- Page 137 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
130 
are as set out in the Rates Variance paragraph of the applicable Final Terms, (b) the 
Interest Multiplier is 100 per cent. and (c) there is no Margin; or 
(ii)  
if CMS SOFR is specified as the Rate1 Variable Option and/or the Rate2 Variable 
Option in the applicable Final Terms, the Variable Rate of Interest determined in 
accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii)(B) above, for which purpose (a) the Designated 
Maturity and the Relevant Screen Page are as set out in the Rates Variance 
paragraph of the applicable Final Terms, (b) the Interest Multiplier is 100 per cent. 
and (c) there is no Margin.  
“SF” means the Scaling Factor specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(D) 
Evolution of Underlying Equity  
For Equity Linked Interest Notes in respect of which Evolution of Underlying Equity is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Interest Variable Option, the Variable Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will be the product of: 
(1) 
൤൬
൛Equityt – ൣEquityt-1 × SF൧ൟ
Equityt-1
൰ ± Margin൨; and 
(2) 
the Interest Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purpose of Condition 3(b)(ii)(C)(1), the value of Equityt for each Interest Period 
will be equal to the arithmetic average of the relevant Reference Price(s) (as defined in 
Condition 7(d)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with Condition 7 in 
respect of each Valuation Date(s) relating to such Interest Period as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and the value of any Equityt-1 for each Interest Period will be equal 
to the arithmetic average of the relevant Reference Price(s) (as defined in Condition 7(d)) 
determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with Condition 7 in respect of the 
Valuation Date(s) relating to the immediately preceding Interest Period (or, with respect 
to the first Interest Period following the Interest Commencement Date, the Equityinitial 
Valuation Date). 
“SF” means the Scaling Factor specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(E) 
Evolution of Basket of Underlying Equities 
For Equity Linked Interest Notes in respect of which Evolution of Basket of Underlying 
Equities is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Interest Variable Option, the 
Variable Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the product of: 
(1) 
൤൬
൛Equity Baskett – ൣEquity Baskett-1 × SF൧ൟ
Equity Baskett-1
൰ ± Margin൨; and 
(2) 
the Interest Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purpose of Condition 3(b)(ii)(D)(1), the value of EquityBaskett for each Interest 
Period will be equal to the arithmetic average of the relevant Reference Price(s) (as defined 
in Condition 7(d)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with Condition 
7 in respect of each Valuation Date(s) relating to such Interest Period as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and the value of any EquityBaskett-1 for each Interest Period will 
be equal to the arithmetic average of the relevant Reference Price(s) (as defined in 
Condition 7(d)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with Condition 7 in 
respect of the Valuation Date(s) relating to the immediately preceding Interest Period (or,

--- Page 138 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
131 
with respect to the first Interest Period following the Interest Commencement Date, the 
EquityBasketinitial Valuation Date).  
“SF” means the Scaling Factor specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(F) 
Evolution of Index 
For Index Linked Interest Notes in respect of which Evolution of Index is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Interest Variable Option, the Variable Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be the product of: 
(1) 
ቂቀ
{Indext - [Indext-1 × SF]}
Indext-1
ቁ ± Marginቃ; and 
(2) 
the Interest Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purpose of Condition 3(b)(ii)(E)(1), the value of any Indext for each Interest Period 
will be equal to the arithmetic average of the relevant Reference Price(s) (as defined in 
Condition 6(d)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with Condition 6 in 
respect of each Valuation Date(s) relating to such Interest Period as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and the value of any Indext-1 for each Interest Period will be equal 
to the arithmetic average of the relevant Reference Price(s) (as defined in Condition 6(d)) 
determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with Condition 6 in respect of the 
Valuation Date(s) relating to the immediately preceding Interest Period (or, with respect 
to the first Interest Period following the Interest Commencement Date, the Indexinitial 
Valuation Date).  
“SF” means the Scaling Factor specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(G) 
Evolution of Inflation  
For Inflation Linked Interest Notes in respect of which Evolution of Inflation is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the Interest Variable Option, the Variable Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be the product of: 
(1) 
ቂቀ
{Inflationt - [Inflationt-1 × SF]}
Inflationt-1
ቁ ± Marginቃ; and 
(2) 
the Interest Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purpose of Condition 3(b)(ii)(F)(1), the value of any Inflationt for each Interest 
Period will be equal to the Relevant Level (as defined in Condition 8(a)) determined (and 
subject to adjustment) in accordance with Condition 8 in respect of the Reference Month 
relating to such Interest Period, and the value of any Inflationt-1 for each Interest Period 
will be equal to the Relevant Level (as defined in Condition 8(a)) determined (and subject 
to adjustment) in accordance with Condition 8 in respect of the Reference Month relating 
to the immediately preceding Interest Period (or, with respect to the first Interest Period 
following the Interest Commencement Date, the Inflationinitial Reference Month).  
“SF” means the Scaling Factor specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(H) 
Evolution of Currency  
For Currency Linked Interest Notes in respect of which Evolution of Currency is specified 
as the Interest Variable Option, in each case within the applicable Final Terms, the Variable 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the product of:

--- Page 139 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
132 
(1) 
൤൬
൛Currencyt-1 - ൣCurrencyt × SF൧ൟ
Currencyt
൰ ± Margin൨; and 
(2) 
the Interest Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
For the purpose of Condition 3(b)(ii)(G)(1), the value of any Currencyt for each Interest 
Period will be equal to the Reference Price (as defined in Condition 9(c)) determined (and 
subject to adjustment) in accordance with Condition 9 in respect of the Valuation Date 
relating to such Interest Period, and the value of any Currencyt-1 for each Interest Period 
will be equal to the Reference Price (as defined in Condition 9(c)) determined (and subject 
to adjustment) in accordance with Condition 9 in respect of the Valuation Date relating to 
the immediately preceding Interest Period (or, with respect to the first Interest Period 
following its Interest Commencement Date, the Currencyinitial Valuation Date).  
“SF” means the Scaling Factor specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(I) 
Asian Option – Interest Rates 
For Floating Rate Notes in respect of which Asian Option – Interest Rates is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the Interest Variable Option, the Variable Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be the product of: 
(1) 
ቂቀ
Ratet1 + Ratet2 +⋯+ Ratetn
n
ቁ± Marginቃ; and  
(2) 
the Interest Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purpose of Condition 3(b)(ii)(H)(1), the value of any Ratet for each Interest Period 
will be equal to the Variable Rate of Interest determined in accordance with Condition 
3(b)(ii)(A) above, for which purpose only (a) the Reference Rate, Interest Determination 
Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page relating to each Ratetn are as set out in the Asian Option 
– Interest Rates paragraph of the applicable Final Terms, (b) the Interest Multiplier is 100 
per cent. and (c) there is no Margin.  
“n” means the actual number of valuations obtained for the determination of the Variable 
Rate of Interest, subject to any adjustments. 
(J) 
Asian Option – Index  
For Index Linked Interest Notes in respect of which Asian Option – Index is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the Interest Variable Option, the Variable Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be the product of: 
(1) ቈቆ
{Indext1 + Indext2 +⋯+ Indextn}
n
 − [Indexinitial x SF]
Indexinitial
ቇ± Margin቉; and 
(2) the Interest Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purpose of Condition 3(b)(ii)(I)(1), the value of (I) Indexinitial will be equal to the 
arithmetic average of the relevant Reference Price(s) (as defined in Condition 6(d)) 
determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with Condition 6 in respect of each 
Indexinitial Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms and (II) any Indext for 
each Interest Period will be equal to the Reference Price (as defined in Condition 6(d)) 
determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with Condition 6 in respect of the 
Valuation Date relating to such Indext and the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 140 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
133 
“n” means the actual number of valuations obtained for the determination of the Variable 
Rate of Interest, subject to any adjustments. 
“SF” means the Scaling Factor specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(K) 
Asian Option – Inflation  
For Inflation Linked Interest Notes in respect of which Asian Option – Inflation is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Interest Variable Option, the Variable Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will be the product of: 
(1) ቈቆ
ቄInflationt1 +  Inflationt2 + …+ Inflationtn
n
ቅ − [Inflationinitial x SF]
Inflationinitial
ቇ± Margin቉; and 
(2) the Interest Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purpose of Condition 3(b)(ii)(J)(1), the value of (I) Inflationinitial will be equal to 
the arithmetic average of the relevant Relevant Level(s) (as defined in Condition 8(a)) 
determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with Condition 8 in respect of each 
Inflationinitial Reference Month specified in the applicable Final Terms and (II) any 
Inflationt for each Interest Period will be equal to the Relevant Level (as defined in 
Condition 8(a)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with Condition 8 in 
respect of the Reference Month relating to such Inflationt and the relevant Interest Period.  
“n” means the actual number of valuations obtained for the determination of the Variable 
Rate of Interest, subject to any adjustments. 
“SF” means the Scaling Factor specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(L) 
Asian Option – Underlying Equity/Basket of Underlying Equities 
(i) 
For Equity Linked Interest Notes in respect of which Asian Option – Underlying 
Equity is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Interest Variable Option, 
the Variable Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the product of: 
(1) 
ቈቆ
{Equityt1 ±  Equityt2 ± …±  Equitytn}
n
 − [Equityinitial x SF]
Equityinitial
ቇ± Margin቉; and 
(2) the Interest Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purpose of Condition 3(b)(ii)(K)(i)(1), the value of (I) Equityinitial will be 
equal to the arithmetic average of the relevant Reference Price(s) (as defined in 
Condition 7(d)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with 
Condition 7 in respect of each Equityinitial Valuation Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and (II) any Equityt for each Interest Period will be equal to the 
Reference Price (as defined in Condition 7(d)) determined (and subject to 
adjustment) in accordance with Condition 7 in respect of the Valuation Date 
relating to such Equityt and the relevant Interest Period. 
For the purposes of the above, “SF” means the Scaling Factor specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“n” means the actual number of valuations obtained for the determination of the 
Variable Rate of Interest, subject to any adjustments.

--- Page 141 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
134 
(ii) 
For Equity Linked Interest Notes in respect of which Asian Option – Basket of 
Underlying Equities is specified as the Interest Variable Option, in each case within 
the applicable Final Terms, the Variable Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be the product of: 
(1) 
ቈቆ
{Equity Baskett1 ±  Equity Baskett2 ± …± Equity Baskettn} 
n
 −  [Equity Basketinitial x SF]
Equity Basketinitial
ቇ± Margin቉; and 
(2) the Interest Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purpose of Condition 3(b)(ii)(K)(ii)(1), the value of (I) EquityBasketinitial 
will be equal to the arithmetic average of the relevant Reference Price(s) (as 
defined in Condition 7(d)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance 
with Condition 7 in respect of each EquityBasketinitial Valuation Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and (II) any EquityBaskett for each Interest Period will 
be equal to the Reference Price (as defined in Condition 7(d) determined (and 
subject to adjustment) in accordance with Condition 7 in respect of the Valuation 
Date relating to such Equity Baskett and the relevant Interest Period.  
For the purposes of the above, “SF” means the Scaling Factor specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“n” means the actual number of valuations obtained for the determination of the 
Variable Rate of Interest, subject to any adjustments. 
(M) 
Asian Option – Currency 
For Currency Linked Interest Notes in respect of which Asian Option – Currency is 
specified as the Interest Variable Option, in each case within the applicable Final Terms, 
the Variable Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the product of:  
(1) 
൥൭
Currencyinitial − ൜൤
Currencyt1 ±  Currencyt2 ±⋯± Currencytn
n
൨ × SFൠ
൤
Currencyt1 ±  Currencyt2 ±⋯± Currencytn
n
൨
൱ ± Margin൩; and 
(2) the Interest Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purpose of Condition 3(b)(ii)(L)(1), the value of (I) Currencyinitial will be equal to 
the arithmetic average of the relevant Reference Price(s) (as defined in Condition 9(c)) 
determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with Condition 9 in respect of each 
Currencyinitial Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms and (II) any Currencyt 
for each Interest Period will be equal to the Reference Price (as defined in Condition 9(c)) 
determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with Condition 9 in respect of the 
Valuation Date relating to such Currencyt.  
“n” means the actual number of valuations obtained for the determination of the Variable 
Rate of Interest, subject to any adjustments. 
(N) 
Digital Option 
For any of Floating Rate Notes, Index Linked Interest Notes, Equity Linked Interest Notes, 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes or Currency Linked Interest Notes, in respect of which 
Digital Option is specified as the Interest Variable Option within the applicable Final 
Terms, the Variable Rate of Interest for each Interest Period and such Interest Basis will 
be:

--- Page 142 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
135 
(1) 
the Digital Option Exercised Rate, if the Digital Option Payment Condition is 
satisfied; or 
(2) 
the Digital Option Fallback Rate, if the Digital Option Payment Condition is not 
satisfied, 
in each case with respect to the relevant Interest Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(M):  
(I) 
the “Digital Option Payment Condition” shall be satisfied with respect to an 
Interest Period if:  
(a) 
“Greater Than” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Digital 
Option Payment Condition and the Digital Option Variable is greater than 
the product of (i) the Digital Option Strike and (ii) the Scaling Factor 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
“Less Than” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Digital Option 
Payment Condition and the Digital Option Variable is less than the product 
of (i) the Digital Option Strike and (ii) the Scaling Factor specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(c) 
“Greater Than Or Equal To” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the Digital Option Payment Condition and the Digital Option Variable is 
greater than or equal to the product of (i) the Digital Option Strike and (ii) 
the Scaling Factor specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(d) 
“Less Than Or Equal To” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Digital Option Payment Condition and the Digital Option Variable is less 
than or equal to the product of (i) the Digital Option Strike and (ii) the 
Scaling Factor specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(II) 
the “Digital Option Exercised Rate” with respect to an Interest Period means: 
(a) 
if an interest rate (expressed as a percentage per annum rate) is specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, such interest rate;  
(b) 
if Screen Rate Determination is specified as the Digital Option Payment 
Determination Method, the Variable Rate of Interest determined in 
accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii)(A) for which purpose the Reference 
Rate, Interest Determination Date(s), Relevant Screen Page, Interest 
Multiplier and Margin are as set out in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if Collar Rate is specified as the Digital Option Payment Determination 
Method, the Variable Rate of Interest will be: 
[MAX (Floor Rate; {MIN[Cap Rate;Screen Rate ± Collar Margin]})] 
For the purpose of Condition 3(b)(ii)(M)(II)(c), the value of the Floor Rate, 
Cap Rate and Collar Margin (if any) shall be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and the Screen Rate shall be the Variable Rate of Interest 
determined in accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii)(A) for which purpose the 
Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s), Relevant Screen Page, 
Interest Multiplier and Margin are as set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 143 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
136 
(III) 
the “Digital Option Fallback Rate” with respect to an Interest Period means: 
(a) 
if Zero is specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, zero (and no 
Interest Amount shall be payable in respect of the relevant Interest Period); 
(b) 
if an interest rate (expressed as a percentage per annum rate) is specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, such interest rate; 
(c) 
if the Screen Rate Determination is specified as the Digital Option Fallback 
Rate, the Variable Rate of Interest determined in accordance with Condition 
3(b)(ii)(A) for which purpose the Reference Rate, Interest Determination 
Date(s), Relevant Screen Page, Interest Multiplier and Margin are as set out 
in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(d) 
if Collar Rate is specified as the Digital Option Fallback Rate, the Variable 
Rate of Interest will be: 
[MAX (Floor Rate; {MIN[Cap Rate;Screen Rate ± Collar Margin]})] 
For the purpose of Condition 3(b)(ii)(M)(III)(d), the value of the Floor Rate, 
Cap Rate and Collar Margin (if any) shall be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, and the Screen Rate shall be the Variable Rate of Interest 
determined in accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii)(A) for which purpose the 
Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s), Relevant Screen Page, 
Interest Multiplier and Margin are as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
(IV) 
the “Digital Option Variable” with respect to an Interest Period means:  
(a) 
if the Digital Option Type is specified as Interest Rates, the Variable Rate 
of Interest determined in accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii)(A) for which 
purpose the Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s), Relevant 
Screen Page, Interest Multiplier and Margin are as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
if the Digital Option Type is specified as Index, the Reference Price (as 
defined in Condition 6(d)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in 
accordance with Condition 6 in respect of the Valuation Date relating to 
such Interest Period;  
(c) 
if the Digital Option Type is specified as Underlying Equity, the Reference 
Price (as defined in Condition 7(d)) determined (and subject to adjustment) 
in accordance with Condition 7 in respect of the Valuation Date relating to 
such Interest Period;  
(d) 
if the Digital Option Type is specified as Basket of Underlying Equities, the 
Reference Price (as defined in Condition 7(d)) determined (and subject to 
adjustment) in accordance with Condition 7 in respect of the Valuation Date 
relating to such Interest Period;  
(e) 
if the Digital Option Type is specified as Inflation, the Relevant Level (as 
defined in Condition 8(a)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in 
accordance with Condition 8 in respect of the Reference Month relating to 
such Interest Period; or

--- Page 144 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
137 
(f) 
if the Digital Option Type is specified as Currency, the Reference Price (as 
defined in Condition 9(c)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in 
accordance with Condition 9 in respect of the Valuation Date relating to 
such Interest Period. 
(V) 
the “Digital Option Strike” with respect to an Interest Period means: 
(a) 
if the Digital Option Type is specified as Interest Rates, (x) the percentage 
rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or (y) if Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as the Digital Option Strike, the Variable Rate of 
Interest determined in accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii)(A) for which 
purpose the Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s), Relevant 
Screen Page, Interest Multiplier and Margin are as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
if the Digital Option Type is specified as Index, (x) the index level specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms or (y) if Index Determination is 
specified as the Digital Option Strike, the Reference Price (as defined in 
Condition 6(d)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with 
Condition 6 in respect of the relevant Valuation Date specified for that 
purpose;  
(c) 
if the Digital Option Type is specified as Underlying Equity, (x) the amount 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or (y) if Equity 
Determination is specified as the Digital Option Strike, the Reference Price 
(as defined in Condition 7(d)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in 
accordance with Condition 7 in respect of the relevant Valuation Date 
specified for that purpose;  
(d) 
if the Digital Option Type is specified as an Basket of Underlying Equities, 
(x) the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or (y) if 
Equity Determination is specified as the Digital Option Strike, the 
Reference Price (as defined in Condition 7(d)) determined (and subject to 
adjustment) in accordance with Condition 7 in respect of the relevant 
Valuation Date specified for that purpose; 
(e) 
if the Digital Option Type is specified as Inflation, (x) the amount specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms or (y) if Inflation Determination is 
specified as the Digital Option Strike, the Reference Level (as defined in 
Condition 8(a)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with 
Condition 8 in respect of the relevant Reference Month specified for that 
purpose; or 
(f) 
if the Digital Option Type is specified as Currency, (x) the amount specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms or (y) if Currency Determination is 
specified as the Digital Option Strike, the Reference Price (as defined in 
Condition 9(c)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with 
Condition 9 in respect of the relevant Valuation Date specified for that 
purpose.

--- Page 145 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
138 
(O) 
Single Fixing – Index 
For Index Linked Interest Notes in respect of which Single Fixing - Index is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the Interest Variable Option, the Variable Rate of Interest for 
an Interest Period will be the product of: 
(1) ቂቀ
Indext
Denominatorቁ%  ± Marginቃ; and 
(2) 
the Interest Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purpose of Condition 3(b)(ii)(N)(1), the value of (I) the Denominator shall be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and (II) Indext for the relevant Interest Period will 
be equal to the Reference Price (as defined in Condition 6(d)) determined (and subject to 
adjustment) in accordance with Condition 6 in respect of Valuation Datet. 
(P) 
Asian Fixing – Index  
For Index Linked Interest Notes in respect of which Asian Fixing - Index is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the Interest Variable Option, the Variable Rate of Interest for 
an Interest Period will be the product of: 
(1) ቈቊ
Indext1 + Indext2 +⋯+ Indextn
n
Denominator
ቋ% ± Margin ቉; and 
(2) 
the Interest Multiplier. 
For the purpose of Condition (3)(b)(ii)(O)(1), the value of (I) the Denominator shall be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and (II) any Indext for each Interest Period will be 
equal to the Reference Price (as defined in Condition 6(d)), determined (and subject to 
adjustment) in accordance with Condition 6 in respect of the Valuation Datet. 
“n” means the actual number of valuations obtained for the determination of the Variable 
Rate of Interest, subject to any adjustments. 
(Q) 
Memory Option 
For any of Floating Rate Notes, Index Linked Interest Notes, Equity Linked Interest Notes, 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes or Currency Linked Interest Notes, in respect of which 
Memory Option is specified as the Interest Variable Option within the applicable Final 
Terms, the Variable Rate of Interest for such Interest Basis will be: 
(1) 
with respect to the first Interest Period:  
(i) 
the Memory Option Rate, if the Memory Option Payment Condition is 
satisfied; or 
(ii) 
zero (and no Interest Amount shall be payable in respect of the first 
Interest Period), if the Memory Option Payment Condition is not satisfied, 
(2) 
with respect to each subsequent Interest Period: 
(i) 
(the Memory Option Rate x t) - ∑
𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅(𝑖𝑖)
𝑡𝑡−1
𝑖𝑖=1
, if the 
Memory Option Payment Condition is satisfied; or 
(ii) 
zero (and no Interest Amount shall be payable in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period), if the Memory Option Payment Condition is not satisfied.

--- Page 146 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
139 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(P):  
(I) 
the “Memory Option Payment Condition” shall be satisfied with respect to an 
Interest Period if:  
(a) 
“Greater Than” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Memory 
Option Payment Condition and the Memory Option Variable is greater 
than the Memory Option Level; 
(b) 
“Less Than” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Memory 
Option Payment Condition and the Memory Option Variable is less than 
the Memory Option Level; 
(c) 
“Greater Than Or Equal To” is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the Memory Option Payment Condition and the Memory Option 
Variable is greater than or equal to the Memory Option Level; or 
(d) 
“Less Than Or Equal To” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the Memory Option Payment Condition and the Memory Option Variable 
is less than or equal to the Memory Option Level. 
(II) 
the “Memory Option Rate” means with respect to each Interest Period the interest 
rate (expressed as a percentage) specified as such in the Final Terms. 
(III) 
the “Memory Option Variable” with respect to an Interest Period means:  
(a) 
if the Memory Option Type is specified as Interest Rates, the Variable Rate 
of Interest determined in accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii)(A) for which 
purpose the Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s), Relevant 
Screen Page, Interest Multiplier and Margin are as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
(b) 
if the Memory Option Type is specified as Index, the Reference Price (as 
defined in Condition 6(d)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in 
accordance with Condition 6 in respect of the Valuation Date relating to 
such Interest Period;  
(c) 
if the Memory Option Type is specified as Underlying Equity, the Reference 
Price (as defined in Condition 7(d)) determined (and subject to adjustment) 
in accordance with Condition 7 in respect of the Valuation Date relating to 
such Interest Period;  
(d) 
if the Memory Option Type is specified as Basket of Underlying Equities, 
the Reference Price (as defined in Condition 7(d)) determined (and subject 
to adjustment) in accordance with Condition 7 in respect of the Valuation 
Date relating to such Interest Period;  
(e) 
if the Memory Option Type is specified as Inflation, the Relevant Level (as 
defined in Condition 8(a)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in 
accordance with Condition 8 in respect of the Reference Month relating to 
such Interest Period; or 
(f) 
if the Memory Option Type is specified as Currency, the Reference Price 
(as defined in Condition 9(c)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in

--- Page 147 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
140 
accordance with Condition 9 in respect of the Valuation Date relating to 
such Interest Period. 
(IV) 
the “Memory Option Level” with respect to an Interest Period means: 
(a) 
if the Memory Option Type is specified as Interest Rates, the percentage 
rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if the Memory Option Type is specified as Index, the index level specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
(c) 
if the Memory Option Type is specified as Underlying Equity, the amount 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
(d) 
if the Memory Option Type is specified as an Basket of Underlying Equities, 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
(e) 
if the Memory Option Type is specified as Inflation, the amount specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(f) 
if the Memory Option Type is specified as Currency, the amount specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(V) 
“t” means the total number of Interest Periods from and including the first Interest 
Period up to and including the relevant Interest Period. 
(VI) 
“t-1” means the total number of Interest Periods from and including the first Interest 
Period up to but excluding the relevant Interest Period. 
(VII) “Memory Option Rate(i)” means the Rate of Interest in respect of each preceding 
Interest Period, where (i) is an ascending series of positive integers starting from 
and including 1 up to and including t-1, each denoting one Interest Period in 
chronological order. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period and 
applicable Interest Basis, then, in the event that the Variable Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period and applicable Interest Basis determined in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 3(b)(ii) is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period and applicable Interest Basis shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. If the applicable 
Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period and applicable Interest 
Basis, then, in the event that the Variable Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period and 
applicable Interest Basis determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 3(b)(ii) is 
greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Where the Variable Rate of Interest for any Interest Period is negative (whether by operation of 
a negative Margin, negative Interest Multiplier or otherwise), then such Variable Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iv) 
Determination of Variable Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which any Rate of 
Interest is to be determined in respect of an Interest Basis, determine the Variable Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer, the Guarantor and

--- Page 148 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
141 
the Agent of each applicable Variable Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as 
practicable after calculating the same. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the Interest Amount in respect of an Interest Basis for the 
relevant Interest Period by applying the relevant Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, Index Linked Interest Notes, Equity Linked Interest 
Notes, Inflation Linked Interest Notes or Currency Linked Interest Notes which are 
represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note; or 
(R) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, Index Linked Interest Notes, Equity Linked Interest 
Notes, Inflation Linked Interest Notes or Currency Linked Interest Notes in definitive 
form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest two decimal places (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, the nearest 
whole unit) in the Specified Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, half of one unit) 
being rounded upwards. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note, an Index 
Linked Interest Note, an Equity Linked Interest Note, an Inflation Linked Interest Note or a 
Currency Linked Interest Note in definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
For Notes in respect of which more than one Interest Basis applies, a separate Interest Amount 
may be payable in accordance with each such Interest Basis. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an Interest Amount for any Interest 
Period in accordance with this Condition 3(b) or Condition 3(c): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Period End Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
If “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Fixed Day Count Fraction =  
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360

--- Page 149 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
142 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360

--- Page 150 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
143 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls: 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(x) that day is the last day of February or (y) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (x) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (y) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(viii) if “1/1” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 1. 
(v) 
Notification of Variable Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will promptly notify the Agent of each Interest Amount and the Agent will 
cause each Variable Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the other Paying Agents 
and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes, Index Linked Interest Notes, 
Equity Linked Interest Notes, Inflation Linked Interest Notes or Currency Linked Interest Notes 
are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) as soon as possible after their determinations. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices) and to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes, Index Linked Interest Notes, Equity Linked Interest Notes, Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
or Currency Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed. 
In case the relevant Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, any notification to be 
made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange pursuant to this paragraph (v) shall be made no later 
than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
(vi) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
3(b) by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders 
and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.

--- Page 151 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
144 
(c) 
Interest on Range Accrual Notes 
If the Notes are Range Accrual Notes then the provisions of this Condition 3(c) shall apply. 
(i) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Range Accrual Note bears interest from (and including) its Interest Commencement Date. 
Interest will accrue in respect of each Interest Period (as defined in Condition 3(e)) and will be 
payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Range Accrual Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified below.  
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below (in particular, under 
Condition 3(c)(iv)), be the rate determined in accordance with the following (the “Range Accrual 
Rate of Interest”): 
RA Base Rate × ൤N
A൨ 
(iii) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(c): 
“A” means the actual number of calendar days of days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“Lower Threshold” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“N” means the actual number of days in the relevant Interest Period on which the Range Accrual 
Condition is satisfied, which will occur on any day if: 
(a) 
“Between (Inclusive)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Range Accrual 
Condition and the daily fixing of the Reference Spread is greater than or equal to the 
Lower Threshold but less than or equal to the Upper Threshold; 
(b) 
“Between (Exclusive)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Range Accrual 
Condition and the daily fixing of the Reference Spread is greater than the Lower Threshold 
but less than the Upper Threshold; 
(c) 
“Greater Than Lower Threshold” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Range 
Accrual Condition and the daily fixing of the Reference Spread is greater than the Lower 
Threshold; 
(d) 
“Greater Than Or Equal To Lower Threshold” is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the Range Accrual Condition and the daily fixing of the Reference Spread is greater 
than or equal to the Lower Threshold;  
(e) 
“Less Than Lower Threshold” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Range 
Accrual Condition and the daily fixing of the Reference Spread is less than the Lower 
Threshold; or 
(f) 
“Less Than Or Equal To Lower Threshold” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the Range Accrual Condition and the daily fixing of the Reference Spread is less than or 
equal to the Lower Threshold;

--- Page 152 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
145 
“RA Base Rate” means the rate (expressed as a percentage) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Reference Spread” means, the spread of Variable 1 minus Variable 2, to be fixed by the 
Calculation Agent on each day by reference to information published on the Relevant Screen 
Page(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, except that (i) if any day is not a Business Day, 
the fixing for the immediately preceding Business Day shall be used and (ii) the last fixing of 
Variable 1 and Variable 2 in each Interest Period will be the fifth Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date falling at the end of that Interest Period and this fixing will be used for the 
remaining days of the Interest Period (whether or not they are Business Days); 
“Upper Threshold” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Variable 1” means the Variable Rate of Interest determined in accordance with Condition 
3(b)(ii)(A), for which purpose only (x) the Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and 
Relevant Screen Rate are as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (y) the Interest Multiplier is 
100 per cent. and (2) there is no Margin; and 
“Variable 2” means, (a) if applicable, the Variable Rate of Interest determined in accordance with 
Condition 3(b)(ii)(A), for which purpose only (x) the Reference Rate, Interest Determination 
Date(s) and Relevant Screen Rate are as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (y) the Interest 
Multiplier is 100 per cent. and (z) there is no Margin and (b) if not applicable, zero. 
(iv) 
Minimum Range Accrual Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Range Accrual Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Range Accrual Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Range Accrual Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with Condition 3(c)(ii) is less than such Minimum Range Accrual Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Range Accrual 
Rate of Interest. If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Range Accrual Rate of 
Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Range Accrual Rate of Interest in respect 
of such Interest Period determined in accordance with Condition 3(c)(ii) is greater than such 
Maximum Range Accrual Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Range Accrual Rate of Interest. 
(v) 
Determination of Range Accrual Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent, will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Range 
Accrual Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Range Accrual Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agent 
of the Range Accrual Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the Interest Amount for the Range Accrual Notes and 
relevant Interest Period (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, be in addition to any other 
Interest Amount determined pursuant to this Condition 3) by applying the Range Accrual Rate of 
Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Range Accrual Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Range Accrual Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or 
(S) 
in the case of Range Accrual Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount,

--- Page 153 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
146 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest two decimal places (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, the nearest 
whole unit) in the Specified Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, half of one unit) 
being rounded upwards. Where the Specified Denomination of a Range Accrual Note in definitive 
form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of 
such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for 
each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
The Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Interest Amount payable on the Range Accrual 
Notes in respect of each Calculation Amount for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable 
after calculating the same. 
“Day Count Fraction” shall have the meaning given to such term in Condition 3(b)(iv). 
(vi) 
Notification of Range Accrual Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will promptly notify the Agent of each Interest Amount and the Agent will 
cause the Range Accrual Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the other Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders and any stock exchange on which the relevant Range Accrual Notes are 
for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) as soon as possible after their determination . Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which 
the relevant Range Accrual Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
(vii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
3(c) by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders 
and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless either, upon due 
presentation thereof (if applicable), payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such 
event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: (1) the date on which all amounts 
due in respect of such Note have been paid; and (2) five days after the date on which the full amount of 
the moneys payable on the Notes has been received by the Agent and/or all assets in respect of such Note 
have been received by any agent appointed by the Issuer to deliver such assets to Noteholders and notice 
to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
For the avoidance of doubt, where any Autocall Redemption Amount and/or Interest Amount and/or 
Redemption Amount in respect of Index Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes or 
Autocall Notes is postponed as a result of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (in each case in accordance 
with, and as defined in, Conditions 5(d), 6, 7 and 9 respectively), no Interest Amount or other sum shall 
be payable in respect of the postponement of the payment thereof.

--- Page 154 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
147 
(e) 
General definitions applicable to interest-bearing Notes 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Interest Amount” means, with respect to each applicable Interest Basis (other than Zero Coupon 
Notes), the amount of interest payable in respect of an Interest Period and such Interest Basis; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, with respect to each applicable Interest Basis (other than Zero 
Coupon Notes), the Interest Commencement Date specified in the applicable Final Terms with respect 
to such Interest Basis; 
“Interest Determination Date” means (i) each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;(ii) 
where “Standard IDD” is specified in the applicable Final Terms (a) if the specified Relevant Screen 
Page is a EURIBOR rate, the second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period; (b) if the specified Relevant Screen Page is a NIBOR rate, the second day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Oslo prior to the start of each Interest Period; and (c) if the specified Relevant 
Screen Page is a CMS rate, the second day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Frankfurt prior to the start of 
each Interest Period; (iii) where “Arrears IDD” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the first day 
of the next following Interest Period or, in the case of the final Interest Period, the Scheduled Maturity 
Date or (iv) where "CMS SOFR" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Determination 
Date as defined in Condition 3(b)(ii)(B);; 
“Interest Payment Date” means, with respect to each applicable Interest Basis (other than Zero Coupon 
Notes), the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms with respect to 
such Interest Basis; 
“Interest Period” means, with respect to each applicable Interest Basis (other than Zero Coupon Notes), 
the period from (and including) an Interest Period End Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period End Date;  
“Interest Period End Date” means, with respect to each applicable Interest Basis (other than Zero 
Coupon Notes), the Interest Period End Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms with 
respect to such Interest Basis;  
“Reference Rate” means (i) the relevant reference rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or (ii) where “CMS SOFR” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the SOFR Swap Rate, provided 
in each case that, if such reference rate ceases to be calculated and/or published, “Reference Rate” shall 
mean any successor or replacement rate determined in accordance with Condition 3(g); 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the relevant page specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or any 
successor display page, other published source, information vendor or provider that has been officially 
designated by the official sponsor of the original page or source (or, failing which, the relevant 
information vendor or provider); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means, one cent. 
(f) 
Business Day Conventions and Business Days 
(i) 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to any date 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Maturity Date) and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which such date should occur or (y) if such date

--- Page 155 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
148 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is: in the case of Floating Rate Notes, Index Linked Interest Notes, Equity Linked 
Interest Notes, Inflation Linked Interest Notes or Currency Linked Interest Notes only, the 
Floating Rate Convention, the relevant Interest Period End Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall 
be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day, unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) 
such Interest Period End Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Period End Date shall be the last Business Day in the 
month; 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day; 
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(C) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(D) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or 
Wellington, respectively), or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which 
the Trans European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System (the “TARGET2 System”) is open. 
(g) 
Benchmark Reference Rate replacement 
Without prejudice to the other provisions in this Condition 3, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms 
when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference 
to such Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Notes: 
(i) 
unless the Reference Rate is CMS: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint 
and consult with an Independent Adviser with a view to the Issuer determining (without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) (A) a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes and (B) in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread; 
(B) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser prior to the IA Determination 
Cut-Off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner)

--- Page 156 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
149 
may still determine (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate 
and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 3(g); 
(C) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance with paragraphs (i) or (B) above, such Successor Rate or, failing 
which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for each of 
the future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 3(g)); 
(D) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in 
good faith, determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable). If the Issuer is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(E) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in 
good faith, determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) in accordance with the above provisions, the Issuer may (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) also specify such changes to 
the Conditions, the applicable Final Terms and/or the Agency Agreement as it may 
determine appropriate in order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate or any Adjustment Spread (as applicable), including, but not 
limited to, (A) the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, 
Business Days, Interest Determination Date and/or the definition of Reference Rate 
applicable to the Notes and (B) the method for determining the fall-back rate in relation 
to the Notes. The Agent and any other agents party to the Agency Agreement shall, at the 
direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to the 
application of this Condition 3(g). No consent shall be required from the Noteholders in 
connection with determining or giving effect to the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) or such other changes, including for the execution of any 
documents or other steps to be taken by the Agent and any other agents party to the Agency 
Agreement (if required or useful); and 
(F) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable), give notice thereof to the Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such 
notice shall specify the effective date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any consequential changes made 
to the Conditions, the applicable Final Terms and the Agency Agreement; or 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is CMS or CMS SOFR, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference 
Rate as the floating rate it would determine if it were acting as the Calculation Agent (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) under an interest rate swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”) (such rate, the “Alternative CMS 
Rate”). The Calculation Agent may (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the

--- Page 157 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
150 
Noteholders) also specify such changes to the Conditions, the applicable Final Terms and/or the 
Agency Agreement as it may determine appropriate in order to ensure the proper operation of 
such Alternative CMS Rate including, but not limited to, (A) the Day Count Fraction, Relevant 
Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest Determination Date and/or the 
definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Notes and (B) the method for determining the fall-
back rate in relation to the Notes. The Agent and any other agents party to the Agency Agreement 
shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the 
Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to the 
application of this Condition 3(g). No consent shall be required from the Noteholders in 
connection with determining or giving effect to the Alternative CMS Rate or such other changes, 
including for the execution of any documents or other steps to be taken by the Agent and any 
other agents party to the Agency Agreement (if required or useful). The Calculation Agent shall 
promptly, following the determination of any Alternative CMS Rate, give notice thereof to the 
Issuer and the Agent and the Issuer shall as soon as practicable give notice thereof to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). Such notice shall specify the effective 
date(s) for such Alternative CMS Rate (as applicable) and any consequential changes made to the 
Conditions, the applicable Final Terms and the Agency Agreement. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(g) shall act in good faith as an expert 
and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Agent, the Calculation 
Agent or the Noteholders for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made 
by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 3(g). 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 3(g), the Reference Rate and the 
other provisions in this Condition 3 will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has 
been notified of the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and any consequential changes made to the Agency Agreement and the Conditions (if any). 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(g): 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) 
and acting in good faith, determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
relevant circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Noteholders as a result 
of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser 
(if any) and acting in good faith, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary 
market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith, determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative

--- Page 158 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
151 
transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iv) 
if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, in its discretion, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith, determines to be 
appropriate. 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the Issuer determines has replaced the relevant 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of bonds denominated 
in the Specified Currency of the Notes and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, 
if the Issuer determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer determines in its discretion 
is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate stating that it will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, cease to publish the relevant Reference Rate, 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the relevant Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate stating 
that the relevant Reference Rate has been or will be, by a specified date within the following six 
months, permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor or the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that 
means that the relevant Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within the following six months; or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for the Agent, the Calculation Agent or any other agents party to the 
Agency Agreement to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholders using the 
relevant Reference Rate. 
“IA Determination Cut-Off Date” means no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case selected 
and appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference 
Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, (B) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the Reference Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.

--- Page 159 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
152 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Issuer determines is a successor to, or replacement of, the 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, 
by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Wellington, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque. 
All payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws, regulations or directives applicable 
thereto in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer, the Guarantor or their 
Paying Agents are subject and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will be liable for any taxes or duties 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations or directives or agreements, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12(a) (as applicable), (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
“Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 12(a) (as applicable)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto and (iii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to section 871(m) of the Code. 
Any references in these Conditions to payment of any sums in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, delivery of assets if so provided in the applicable Final Terms and references to 
paid and payable shall be construed accordingly. The method of delivery of any assets and the liability 
for the costs and charges arising from such delivery will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Presentation of Definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Definitive Notes, and payments of Interest Amounts in respect 
of Definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means 
the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be 
issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, 
in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for 
payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant

--- Page 160 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
153 
Date (as defined in Condition 12(a)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 13) or, if later, five years from the date on which such 
Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued 
in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Range Accrual Note, Index Linked Note, Equity Linked 
Note, Inflation Linked Note, Currency Linked Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a 
Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount at issue is less than the 
aggregate Interest Amount payable thereon (provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity 
Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate Interest Amount remaining to be paid after 
that date is less than the nominal amount of the relevant Definitive Note). 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date in respect of an 
applicable Interest Basis, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note on such Interest Basis from 
(and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the applicable Interest 
Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant Definitive Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and Interest Amounts (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to Definitive Notes 
or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable, against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and 
any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note either by the Paying Agent to which it was 
presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(d) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will be discharged 
by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each 
of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder 
of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or Interest 
Amounts in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
Interest Amounts in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and Interest 
Amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due;

--- Page 161 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
154 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and Interest Amounts at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and Interest Amounts in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
(e) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further Interest Amounts or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 13 (Prescription)) is: 
(iv) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Definitive Notes only, the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(v) 
a day on which the TARGET2 System is open, unless the applicable Final Terms specify 
“TARGET Not Required”; and 
(vi) 
either (1) where a sum is payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Wellington, respectively) unless the 
applicable Final Terms specify “Principal Financial Centre Not Required” or (2) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open.  
(f) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest (Amount(s)) 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 12(a) as a result of a withholding 
or deduction having made in respect of a principal payment under the Notes; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any); 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 5(e)(ii)); 
and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest or Interest Amount(s) in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to the 
Interest Amounts under Condition 12(a).

--- Page 162 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
155 
5 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer on the Maturity Date at an amount in the relevant Specified Currency equal to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Redemption Notes, par; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Index Linked Redemption Notes, Equity Linked Redemption Notes or Currency 
Linked Redemption Notes, the applicable Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the provisions of Conditions 6, 7 and 9, respectively. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
If the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if 
the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes, Index Linked Interest Notes, Equity Linked Interest Notes, 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes, Currency Linked Interest Notes and/or Range Accrual Notes) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, Index Linked Interest Notes, Equity Linked 
Interest Notes, Inflation Linked Interest Notes, Currency Linked Interest Notes and/or Range Accrual 
Notes), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(iii) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 12(a) or the Guarantor would 
be unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment by the Issuer and in making payment 
itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, in either case as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined below) or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of 
the Notes; and 
(iv) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer or, as the case may be, two Directors of the Guarantor, stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has or 
will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5(b) will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 5(e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
If the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, this Condition 5(b) shall not apply to the Notes.

--- Page 163 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
156 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, giving the Issuer an option to 
redeem, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other Issuer Call Period of days’ notice 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Agent,  
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but not 
some only) of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date (which, if the Notes are due 
to bear interest, will be an Interest Payment Date) and at their Optional Redemption Amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms together with accrued interest (if any). Where the Optional Redemption 
Date does not fall on an Interest Payment Date, and must fall on a Business Day, such Business Day 
shall be subject to the Business Day Convention and Additional Business Day Centre(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer Call shall only be made applicable if this call option is one of the main characteristics 
of the Notes (so-called “callable notes”). 
(d) 
Autocall Early Redemption 
Where the Autocall Early Redemption provisions are specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms (“Autocall Notes”), if the Autocall Condition is satisfied in respect of any Autocall Observation 
Date: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall provide notice of such event to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable following the date on which the Autocall Condition 
is determined to have been satisfied (an “Autocall Early Redemption Notice”);  
(ii) 
such Autocall Early Redemption Notice shall specify the date on which all of the Notes 
outstanding shall be redeemed early (which will be the next following Interest Payment Date that 
falls not less than five Business Days following the date on which the Autocall Early Redemption 
Notice is provided or, if no such date exists, the Maturity Date) at their Autocall Redemption 
Amount (together with accrued interest(if any)); and 
(iii) 
for the avoidance of doubt, if the determination of the Autocall Variable or Autocall Strike is 
postponed as a result of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (as defined in Conditions 6(c), 7(d) 
or 9(c), depending on the relevant Autocall Type specified in the applicable Final Terms), then 
the Autocall Redemption Amount shall be paid without any Interest Amount or other sum in 
respect of the postponement thereof. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(d):  
(I) 
the “Autocall Condition” shall be satisfied with respect to an Autocall Observation Date 
if:  
(a) 
“Greater Than” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Autocall Condition 
and the Autocall Variable is greater than the product of (i) the Autocall Strike and 
(ii) the Scaling Factor specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 164 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
157 
(b) 
“Less Than” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Autocall Condition 
and the Autocall Variable is less than the product of (i) the Autocall Strike and (ii) 
the Scaling Factor specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(c) 
“Greater Than Or Equal To” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Autocall Condition and the Autocall Variable is greater than or equal to the product 
of (i) the Autocall Strike and (ii) the Scaling Factor specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(d) 
“Less Than Or Equal To” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Autocall 
Condition and the Autocall Variable is less than or equal to the product of (i) the 
Autocall Strike and (ii) the Scaling Factor specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(II) 
the “Autocall Redemption Amount” means an amount equal to: 
(a) 
the amount per Calculation Amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
for a redemption occurring within a specified period of time; or 
(b) 
if no amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Autocall Type is 
specified as Index, Underlying Equity or Basket of Underlying Equities an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
MAX ቂFloor %; ቄMIN ቀCap %;
Reference Itemfinal
SF x Reference Iteminitial  x AMቁቅቃx Calculation Amount  
; or 
(c) 
if no amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Autocall Type is 
specified as Currency an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
MAX ቂFloor %; ቄMIN ቀCap %;
Reference Iteminitial
SF x Reference Itemfinal   x AMቁቅቃ x Calculation Amount 
where the value of: 
(v) “Reference Iteminitial” shall be: 
(i) 
the index level or amount specified as such for such Autocall Observation 
Date in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if Reference Iteminitial Determination is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Autocall Reference Price in respect of the 
Valuation Date specified for such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(iii) 
if Autocall Reference Iteminitial Averaging is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Average Autocall Reference Price in respect 
of the Valuation Datest specified for such Autocall Observation Date;  
(w) “Reference Itemfinal” shall be: 
(i) 
the index level or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if Reference Itemfinal Determination is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Autocall Reference Price in respect of the 
Valuation Date specified for such Autocall Observation Date; or

--- Page 165 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
158 
(iii) 
if Autocall Reference Itemfinal Averaging is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Average Autocall Reference Price in respect 
of the Valuation Datest specified for such Autocall Observation Date; 
(x) 
“AM” means the Autocall Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(y) 
“Cap %” shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(z) 
“Floor %” shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
and the Autocall Redemption Amount will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places 
(or, in the case of Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) in the Specified Currency, 0.005 
(or, in the case of Japanese Yen, half of one unit) being rounded upwards, provided that 
where Condition 5(d)(iii)(II)(b) or (c) applies in the case of Autocall Notes which are 
represented by a Global Note, the references to “Calculation Amount” shall be deemed to 
refer to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Autocall Notes represented by 
such Global Note. 
(III) 
the “Autocall Reference Price” with respect to any specified Valuation Date means: 
(a) 
if the Autocall Type is specified as Index, the Reference Price (as defined in 
Condition 6(d) determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with 
Condition 6 in respect of such Valuation Date; 
(b) 
if the Autocall Type is specified as Underlying Equity, the Reference Price (as 
defined in Condition 7(d)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance 
with Condition 7 in respect of such Valuation Date; 
(c) 
if the Autocall Type is specified as Basket of Underlying Equities, the Reference 
Price (as defined in Condition 7(d)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in 
accordance with Condition 7 in respect of the Valuation Date; or 
(d) 
if the Autocall Type is specified as Currency, the Reference Price (as defined in 
Condition 9(c)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with 
Condition 9 in respect of the Valuation Date. 
(IV) 
the “Autocall Variable” with respect to an Autocall Observation Date means:  
(a) 
the Autocall Reference Price in respect of the Valuation Date specified in the 
Autocall Variable paragraph of the applicable Final Terms for such Autocall 
Observation Date; or  
(b) 
where Autocall Variable Averaging is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Average Autocall Reference Price in respect of the 
Valuation Datest specified in the Autocall Variable paragraph of the applicable 
Final Terms for such Autocall Observation Date.  
(V) 
the “Autocall Strike” with respect to an Autocall Observation Date means: 
(a) 
if Autocall Strike Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the index level or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
or

--- Page 166 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
159 
(b) 
if Autocall Strike Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Autocall Reference Price in respect of the Valuation Date specified 
for such Autocall Observation Date; or  
(c) 
if Autocall Strike Averaging is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Average Autocall Reference Price in respect of the Valuation Datest 
specified for such Autocall Observation Date.  
(VI) 
the “Average Autocall Reference Price” with respect to an Autocall Observation Date 
and:  
(a) 
an Autocall Variable where Autocall Variable Averaging is specified as being 
applicable; and/or  
(b) 
an Autocall Strike where Autocall Strike Averaging is specified as being 
applicable; and/or 
(c) 
a Reference Iteminitial where Autocall Reference Iteminitial Averaging is specified as 
being applicable; and/or 
(d) 
a Reference Itemfinal where Autocall Reference Itemfinal Averaging is specified as 
being applicable, 
in each case within the applicable Final Terms, shall be equal to the arithmetic average of 
the relevant Autocall Reference Prices determined in respect of each Valuation Datet 
specified for such Autocall Observation Date as follows: 
ቂ
(Autocall Reference Pricet1 + Autocall Reference Pricet2 + … + Autocall Reference Pricetn)
n
ቃ  
(VII) “SF” means the Scaling Factor specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
(i) 
If the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, for the purpose of these Conditions, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of any 
Note (other than a Note redeeming early in accordance with Condition 5(c) or Condition 5(d) 
above) shall be, in respect of each nominal amount of such Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount, such amount(s) calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting 
reasonably, by determining:  
(A) 
in respect of a Note other than a Zero Coupon Note, if: 
(a) 
a Fixed Early Redemption Amount or Fixed Early Redemption Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such amount or an amount equal to the 
product of the Calculation Amount and such Fixed Early Redemption Percentage, 
as the case may be, together with accrued but unpaid interest if “Including Interest” 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(b) 
no Fixed Early Redemption Amount or Fixed Early Redemption Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the fair market value of such Notes on the 
date of redemption, including accrued interest (if any), adjusted to account fully 
for any losses, expenses and costs to the Issuer (or any of its Affiliates) of 
unwinding any underlying or related hedging and funding arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. For the purposes hereof: (I) the references to 
“together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of

--- Page 167 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
160 
redemption” shall be deemed to be deleted from Condition 5(b); and (II) the 
references to “together with accrued interest thereon to the date of repayment”, 
shall be deemed to be deleted from Condition 14 (Events of Default); or 
(B) 
in respect of a Zero Coupon Note, subject to Condition 5(j) below, the Amortised Face 
Amount which on the relevant date of early redemption shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield applied on the Amortisation 
Yield Compounding Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
If the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, for the purpose of these Conditions, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of any 
Note (other than a Note redeeming early in accordance with Condition 5(c) or Condition 5(d) 
above) shall be, in respect of each nominal amount of such Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount, such amount(s) calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting 
reasonably, by determining: 
(A) 
in the case of a unilateral termination by the Issuer in the case of a force majeure, the fair 
market value; and 
(B) 
in the case of a unilateral termination by the Issuer other than in the case of a force 
majeure: 
(a) 
in respect of structured Notes with total or partial capital protection, at the choice 
of the Noteholder, either (a) the fair market value or (b) the amount obtained using 
the formula stipulated below: 
(𝑆𝑆+ 𝐷𝐷) ∗(1 + 𝑟𝑟)𝑛𝑛 
where: 
S = the market value of the savings component on the day of the 
activating event, 
D = the market value of the derivative component on the day of the 
decision to proceed to early repayment, 
where account is taken of the accrued unpaid interest, 
r = the annual interest rate that the entity on which the Noteholder is 
exposed to the principal (more than 50%) credit risk (depending on the 
circumstances, the Issuer, Guarantor or any other party involved in the 
construction) offers on the date of the activating event on a debt 
instrument with the same maturity as the remaining maturity of the 
terminated structured Note (“funding rate”, which also matches the 
discount rate used when determining S), from that date until maturity, 
n = the remaining maturity expressed in years, and 
in case the Noteholder has not communicated their choice to the Calculation Agent 
within seven Business Days following the date on which notice has been given to 
the Noteholder of the event giving rise to the early redemption, the fair market 
value; 
(b) 
in the case of structured Notes with no capital protection, the fair market value; and

--- Page 168 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
161 
(c) 
in the case of unstructured Notes which give a right to the payment of the nominal 
amount at maturity, the higher of (a) the fair market value or (b) the nominal 
amount. 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable to the Noteholder is determined pursuant to Condition 
5(e)(ii)(A) above, the Noteholder will not be charged any costs for the unilateral termination upon 
the Issuer’s initiative. 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable to the Noteholder is determined pursuant to Condition 
5(e)(ii)(B) above: 
(A) 
the Noteholder will not be charged any costs for the unilateral termination upon the 
Issuer’s initiative; and 
(B) 
at the time of the unilateral termination, the Noteholder will be refunded the costs initially 
paid by it to the Issuer pro rata in the following proportion: 
𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇 𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡 𝑜𝑜𝑜𝑜 𝑡𝑡ℎ𝑒𝑒 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁 𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖 𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠−𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒 𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡 𝑜𝑜𝑜𝑜 𝑡𝑡ℎ𝑒𝑒 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁 𝑎𝑎𝑎𝑎 𝑡𝑡ℎ𝑒𝑒 𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡 𝑜𝑜𝑜𝑜 𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒 𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟
𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇 𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡 𝑜𝑜𝑜𝑜 𝑡𝑡ℎ𝑒𝑒 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁 𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖 𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠
. 
(iii) 
For the purpose of these Conditions, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of any Note 
redeeming early on its Optional Redemption Date in accordance with Condition 5(c) above shall 
be, in respect of each nominal amount of such Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, such 
amount(s) calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting reasonably, by 
determining the relevant Optional Redemption Amount determined pursuant to Condition 5(c) 
above. 
(iv) 
For the purpose of these Conditions, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of any Note 
redeeming early as a result of the Autocall Condition being satisfied, shall be, in respect of each 
nominal amount of such Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, such amount(s) calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting reasonably, by determining the relevant 
Autocall Redemption Amount determined pursuant to Condition 5(d) above. 
(f) 
Illegality 
In the event that the Calculation Agent determines that: 
a. 
the performance of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes or, as the case may be, the Guarantor’s 
obligations under the Guarantee, or 
b. any arrangements made to hedge the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes,  
has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance 
with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, 
the Issuer having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount together 
(if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  
Paragraph (f)(ii) shall not apply if the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 169 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
162 
(g) 
Cessation of Reference Rate 
In the event that the relevant benchmark Reference Rate that is required to make any calculations on the 
Notes has ceased to be calculated and/or published and no successor or replacement rate has been 
determined by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 3(g) for any reason whatsoever, the Issuer having 
given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes 
(provided that, in the case of Definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto 
are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer or the Guarantor, surrendered to the Agent for cancellation. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and 
the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5(h) (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(j) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Condition 5(a), (b) or (c) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 14 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 5(e)(ii) above 
as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid to the 
Noteholder; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
6 
Index Linked Notes 
If the Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes and/or Index Linked Redemption Notes then the provisions of this 
Condition 6 apply, as applicable, as completed by the applicable Final Terms.  
Unless Index Linked Notes are previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if the determination of (I) an 
Interest Amount (in the case of Index Linked Interest Notes); or (II) the Redemption Amount (in the case of 
Index Linked Redemption Notes) is postponed as a result of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (as defined in 
Condition 6(d) below) which prevents a Valuation Date falling on its corresponding Scheduled Valuation Date, 
then payment of any such amount (the “Index Linked Affected Amount”) shall be postponed to the date which 
is the Index Linked Interest Payment Extension Number (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of Business 
Days following the latest Valuation Date that is necessary to determine such Index Linked Affected Amount,

--- Page 170 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
163 
and such Index Linked Affected Amount shall be paid without any Interest Amount or other sum payable in 
respect of the postponement of the payment thereof. 
(a) 
Redemption of Index Linked Redemption Notes 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each nominal amount of Index Linked 
Redemption Notes equal to the Calculation Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Redemption Amount (as defined below) on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Adjustments to an Index 
(i) 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports of an Index 
If a relevant Index is (A) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor (a “Successor Index Sponsor”) acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent or (B) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as 
used in the calculation of that Index, then, in each case, that index (the “Successor Index”) will 
be deemed to be the Index for the purposes of the Notes. 
(ii) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If (A) on or prior to a Valuation Date the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will 
make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant Index or in any 
other way materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or 
method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation or 
contracts and other routine events) (an “Index Modification”) or permanently cancels the Index 
and no Successor Index exists (an “Index Cancellation”), or (B) on a Valuation Date the Index 
Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant 
Index (an “Index Disruption” and, together with an Index Modification and an Index 
Cancellation, each an “Index Adjustment Event”), then the Issuer may take the action described 
in (a) or (b) below: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material 
effect on the Index Linked Notes and, if so, to either (I) in relation to any Valuation Date, 
calculate the Reference Price using, in lieu of a published level for that Index, the level 
for that Index as at the Valuation Time on that Valuation Date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index 
last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only those securities 
that comprised that Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event or (II) 
substitute that Index with a replacement index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of that Index and the Calculation Agent shall determine the adjustments, if any, 
to be made to these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for such 
substitution; or 
(b) 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) and redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Index Linked Redemption Notes, each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount. 
(iii) 
Correction of an Index Level 
If Correction of Index Levels is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, with the 
exception of any correction published after the Correction Cut-Off Date specified in the

--- Page 171 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
164 
applicable Final Terms, if the official closing level of an Index published on a Valuation Date is 
subsequently corrected and the correction (the “Corrected Index Level”) is published by the 
Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor within one Settlement Cycle after 
the original publication, (A) the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable of that correction 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), (B) such Corrected Index Level 
shall be deemed to be the closing level for such Index for that Valuation Date and (C) the 
Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Index Level in determining the relevant Interest 
Amount and/or Redemption Amount. Corrections published after the Correction Cut-Off Date 
will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest 
Amount and/or Redemption Amount. 
(iv) 
Notice 
Upon the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) giving details of the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
(v) 
Offer of a Series of Notes to consumers within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law 
If the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, adjustments and modifications pursuant to this Condition 6(b) cannot relate to an 
essential feature of the Notes and the Notes cannot be early redeemed by the Issuer, other than, 
in each case, if a force majeure or an event occurs which substantially alters the economics of the 
contract as initially agreed between the parties and for which the Issuer is not accountable. In 
addition, any such adjustment or modification may not create a significant imbalance between 
the rights and obligations of the parties to the detriment of the Noteholder and the Issuer may not 
charge costs to the Noteholder for any such adjustment or modification. 
(c) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days: Averaging Payments 
(i) 
Disruption Fallback Provisions 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Valuation Date in respect of an Averaging Payment 
is a Disrupted Day, then:  
(a) 
if “Omission” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, such date shall 
be deemed not to be a relevant Valuation Date for the purposes of determining the relevant 
Averaging Payment in respect of such Valuation Date, provided that if through the 
operation of this provision there would not be any Valuation Date in respect of such 
Averaging Payment, then the sole Valuation Date shall be the earlier of (A) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Valuation Date that is not a Disrupted 
Day and (B) the Valuation Cut-Off Date; 
(b) 
if “Postponement” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation 
Date shall be the earlier of (A) the first Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date that is not a Disrupted Day and (B) the Valuation Cut-Off Date. Any day 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Valuation Cut-Off Date) determined to be a 
Valuation Date as a result of the operation of this Condition 6(c) shall be a Valuation Date, 
irrespective of whether it falls on a day that already is or is deemed to be a Valuation Date; 
or 
(c) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Valuation Date shall be the earlier of (A) the first Valid Date following the Scheduled

--- Page 172 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
165 
Valuation Date and (B) the Valuation Cut-Off Date, irrespective of whether the Valuation 
Cut-Off Date falls on a day that already is or is deemed to be a Valuation Date. 
(ii) 
Determination of Index Levels  
If, in respect of any Index, a Valuation Date falls on the relevant Valuation Cut-Off Date pursuant 
to Condition 6(c)(i) above: 
(a) 
if such Valuation Cut-Off Date is not a Disrupted Day for such Index, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Index Level of such Index as at the Reference Time on such 
Valuation Reference Cut-Off Date; and/or 
(b) 
if such Valuation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day for such Index, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Index Level for such Index as at the Reference Time on the Valuation 
Date in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index Level of such 
Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the Reference Time on the Valuation Cut-Off Date of each 
security comprised in such Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined 
in Condition 7 (Equity Linked Notes) in relation to a share) has occurred in respect of the 
relevant security on the Valuation Cut-Off Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant security as of the Reference Time on the Valuation Cut-Off Date). 
(iii) 
Notice of Disrupted Day 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. Without limiting the obligation 
of the Calculation Agent to give notice to the Noteholders as set forth in the preceding sentence, 
failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Noteholders of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day. 
(d) 
Definitions applicable to Index Linked Notes 
For the purposes of this Condition 6: 
“Averaging Payment” means any payment relating to: 
(a) 
Index Linked Interest Notes in respect of which the Variable Rate of Interest is determined in 
accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii)(I), the Asian Option - Index Interest Variable Option; 
(b) 
Index Linked Interest Notes in respect of which the Variable Rate of Interest is determined in 
accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii)(O), the Asian Fixing – Index Interest Variable Option; 
(c) 
Index Linked Redemption Notes where sub-paragraph (x)(iii) or sub-paragraph (y)(iii) of the 
definition of “Redemption Amount” below is applicable; 
(d) 
Index Linked Autocall Notes where averaging is applicable to the calculation of the Autocall 
Redemption Amount under Condition 5(d)(iii)(IV)(b), 5(d)(iii)(V)(c) or 5(d)(iii)(VI); and 
(e) 
any other amounts payable on Index Linked Notes to which averaging relates. 
“Clearance System” means, in respect of a security underlying an Index, the principal domestic 
clearance system customarily used for settling trades in such security. 
“Clearance System Business Day” means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in such Clearance System being

--- Page 173 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
166 
unable to clear the transfer of a relevant security, would have been) open for the acceptance and 
execution of settlement instructions. 
“Disrupted Day” means: 
(a) 
where the Index is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(b) 
where the Index is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated Multi-Exchange 
Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of the 
Index, (ii) any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (iii) 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
“Exchange” means: 
(a) 
where the Index is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Index in the 
applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the securities comprising such Index has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the securities comprising such Index on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); or 
(b) 
where the Index is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated Multi-Exchange 
Index, in relation to each component security of that Index (each a “Component Security”), the 
principal stock exchange on which such Component Security is principally traded, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
“Exchange Business Day” means: 
(a) 
where the Index is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding 
any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
where the Index is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated Multi-Exchange 
Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of the Index 
and (ii) each Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, 
notwithstanding any such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Index” means, subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 6(b), the index specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Index Linked Notes” means Index linked Interest Notes and Index Linked Redemption Notes. 
“Index Sponsor” means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible 
for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if 
any, related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a 
regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor 
specified for such Index in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 174 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
167 
“Market Disruption Event” means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Designated Multi-Exchange Index: 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time of: 
(A) 
any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise: 
(x) 
on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. 
or more of the level of the relevant Index; or 
(y) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Index on any relevant 
Related Exchange; or 
(B) 
any event (other than an event described in (ii) below) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general 
(x) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, on any relevant 
Exchange(s) securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the 
relevant Index, or (y) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures 
or options contracts relating to the relevant Index on any relevant Related 
Exchange, 
which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material; or 
(ii) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to 
securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time 
is announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at 
least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business 
Day or, if earlier, (B) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange 
or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of a Designated Multi-Exchange Index either: 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(A) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the Calculation 
Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at 
the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange in respect of such 
Component Security; 
(B) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period 
that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange in respect of 
such Component Security; or 
(C) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security, which the Calculation 
Agent determines is material; and

--- Page 175 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
168 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an 
Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists, comprises 20 per cent. or more 
of the level of the Index; OR 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to the Index, 
of: (A) a Trading Disruption at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
Valuation Time in respect of any Related Exchange, (B) an Exchange Disruption at any 
time during the one hour period that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of any Related 
Exchange or (C) an Early Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or options 
contracts and which the Calculation Agent determines is material. 
As used above: 
“Early Closure” means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect 
of any Component Security or any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless 
such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, at 
least one hour prior to the earlier of: (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on 
such Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, on such Exchange Business Day; and 
(b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
“Exchange Disruption” means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for: (a) any Component Security on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security; or (b) futures or options contracts relating to the Index on 
any Related Exchange. 
“Trading Disruption” means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise: (a) relating to any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component 
Security; or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to the Index on any Related Exchange. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of an Index or a 
Component Security exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
security included in the Index or such Component Security at that time, then the relevant 
percentage contribution of that security or Component Security, as the case may be, to the level 
of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (a) the portion of the level of the Index attributable 
to that security or Component Security, as the case may be, and (b) the overall level of the Index, 
in each case either (i) except where the Index is a Designated Multi-Exchange Index, immediately 
before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event or (ii) where the Index is a Designated 
Multi-Exchange Index, using the official opening weightings as published by the Index Sponsor 
as part of the market “opening data”. 
“Redemption Amount” means, in relation to an Index Linked Redemption Note, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
Calculation Amount × MAX ൤Floor %; ൜MIN ൬Cap %; 1 + ൤IRM × Reference Itemfinal −(SF × Reference ItemInitial)
Reference Iteminitial
൨൰ൠ൨ 
where the value of: 
(a) Floor % shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 176 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
169 
(b) Cap % shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(c) “IRM” means the Index Redemption Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(d) Reference Iteminitial shall be: 
(i) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if Reference Iteminitial Determination is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Reference Price (as defined in this Condition 6(d)) 
determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with this Condition 6 in 
respect of the Valuation Datet specified for this purpose in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(iii) 
if Reference Iteminitial Averaging is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the arithmetic average of the relevant Reference Prices (as defined in 
this Condition 6(d)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with this 
Condition 6 in respect of each Valuation Datet specified for this purpose in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(e) Reference Itemfinal shall be: 
(i) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if Reference Itemfinal Determination is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Reference Price (as defined in this Condition 6(d)) 
determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with this Condition 6 in 
respect of the Valuation Date specified for this purpose in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(iii) 
if Reference Itemfinal Averaging is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the arithmetic average of the relevant Reference Prices (as defined in 
this Condition 6(d)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with this 
Condition 6 in respect of each Valuation Date specified for this purpose in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(f) SF means the Scaling Factor specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided always that the Redemption Amount shall in no event be less than zero and in the case 
of Index Linked Redemption Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the reference to 
“Calculation Amount” shall be deemed to refer to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of 
the Index Linked Redemption Notes represented by such Global Note. The Redemption Amount 
will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, the nearest 
whole unit) in the Specified Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, half of one unit) 
being rounded upwards. 
“Reference Price” means, in relation to a Valuation Date an amount (which shall be deemed to 
be an amount of the Specified Currency) equal to the official closing level of the Index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (or if a Valuation Time other than the Scheduled Closing 
Time is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of the Index determined by the

--- Page 177 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
170 
Calculation Agent at such Valuation Time) on that Valuation Date (as defined below), without 
regard to any subsequently published correction. 
“Related Exchange” means, in relation to an Index, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent 
has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts 
relating to such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Related Exchange), PROVIDED THAT where “All Exchanges” is specified as the 
Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, “Related Exchange” shall mean each exchange 
or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Index. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means: 
(a) 
where the Index is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are 
scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; or 
(b) 
where the Index is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated 
Multi-Exchange Index, (i) any day on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish 
the level of that Index and (ii) each Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading 
for its regular trading session. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in relation to a Valuation Date, any original date that, but 
for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been that Valuation Date. 
“Settlement Cycle” means, in respect of an Index, the period of Clearance System Business Days 
following a trade in the securities underlying such Index on the Exchange in which settlement 
will customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange (or, if there are multiple 
Exchanges in respect of an Index, the longest such period). 
“Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Valuation Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
“Valuation Cut-Off Date” means the eighth Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date.  
“Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day: 
(a) 
which does not relate to an Averaging Payment, then the Valuation Date shall be the earlier 
of (i) the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day; and (ii) the 
Valuation Cut-Off Date. If the earlier of such dates is the Valuation Cut-Off Date, (A) the 
Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Reference Price by determining the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on the

--- Page 178 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
171 
Valuation Cut-Off Date in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the 
Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the Valuation Cut-Off Date of each 
security comprised in the Index (or if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred 
in respect of the relevant security on the Valuation Cut-Off Date, its good faith estimate 
of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the Valuation Cut-Off 
Date); and 
(b) 
which relates to an Averaging Payment, then the Valuation Date shall be such date as is 
determined in accordance with Condition 6(c) above. 
“Valuation Time” means: 
(a) 
where the Index is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the 
relevant Valuation Date in relation to each Index to be valued. If the relevant Exchange 
closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the 
actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such 
actual closing time; or 
(b) 
where the Index is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
Valuation Time is specified, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred: (A) in respect of a Component Security, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the relevant Exchange and (B) in respect of any options contracts or 
futures contracts on the Index, the close of trading on the relevant Related Exchange, and 
(ii) in all other circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of the Index is 
calculated and published by the Index Sponsor. If, for the purposes of (i) above, the 
relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation 
Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time 
shall be such actual closing time. 
7 
Equity Linked Notes  
If the Notes are Equity Linked Interest Notes and/or Equity Linked Redemption Notes then the provisions of 
this Condition 7 apply, as applicable, as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless Equity Linked Notes are previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if the determination of (I) an 
Interest Amount (in the case of Equity Linked Interest Notes); or (II) the Redemption Amount (in the case of 
Equity Linked Redemption Notes) is postponed as a result of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (as defined in 
Condition 7(d) below) which prevents a Valuation Date falling on its corresponding Scheduled Valuation Date, 
then payment of any such amount (the “Equity Linked Affected Amount”) shall be postponed to the date 
which is the Equity Linked Interest Payment Extension Number (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of 
Business Days following the latest Valuation Date that is necessary to determine such Equity Linked Affected 
Amount, and such Equity Linked Affected Amount shall be paid without any Interest Amount or other sum 
payable in respect of the postponement of the payment thereof.

--- Page 179 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
172 
(a) 
Redemption of Equity Linked Redemption Notes 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each nominal amount of 
Equity Linked Redemption Notes equal to the Calculation Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Redemption Amount (as defined below) on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Potential Adjustment Events, De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation and Insolvency, 
Correction of Share Prices, Adjustments for Equity Linked Notes  
(i) 
If Potential Adjustment Events are specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
following the declaration by an Equity Issuer of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the 
Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting, 
concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the Underlying Equity or Equities and, if 
so, will (a) either (A) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of the 
relevant Interest Amount and/or the Redemption Amount and/or the Reference Iteminitial and/or 
the Reference Itemfinal and/or the Multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for 
that diluting, concentrative or other effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account 
solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the 
relevant Underlying Equity) or (B) substitute the Underlying Equity the subject of the Potential 
Adjustment Event with a replacement equity security selected by the Calculation Agent and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the adjustments, if any, to be made to these Conditions and/or 
the applicable Final Terms to account for such substitution and (b) determine the effective date 
of that adjustment or substitution, as the case may be. With respect to an adjustment pursuant to 
(A) above, the Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by 
reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options 
exchange to options on the Underlying Equity or Equities traded on that options exchange. 
Upon making any such adjustment, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), stating the adjustment to the relevant 
Interest Amount and/or Redemption Amount and/or, the Reference Iteminitial and/or the Reference 
Itemfinal and/or the Multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7: 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of a relevant Underlying Equity (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Underlying 
Equity to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of a relevant Underlying Equity of (1) 
an additional amount of such Underlying Equity or (2) other share capital or securities 
granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the 
relevant Equity Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such 
Underlying Equity or (3) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or 
owned (directly or indirectly) by the relevant Equity Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other 
similar transaction or (4) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in 
any case for payment (in cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market 
price as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 180 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
173 
(c) 
the declaration or payment of any dividend (or portion thereof) that the Calculation Agent 
determines to be an extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a call by an Equity Issuer (other than an ETF Issuer) in respect of a relevant Underlying 
Equity that is not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by an Equity Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of a relevant Underlying Equity 
whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise (excluding any redemption of ETF Shares initiated by an investor 
on terms consistent with the relevant ETF Documents); 
(f) 
in respect of an Equity Issuer (other than an ETF Issuer), an event that results in any 
shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock 
or other shares of the capital stock of such Equity Issuer, pursuant to a shareholder rights 
plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence 
of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock 
rights at a price below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided 
that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any 
redemption of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event that has or may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting, 
concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Underlying Equity. 
(ii) 
If (x) De-listing, Merger Event, Nationalisation and Insolvency and/or (y) Tender Offer is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (in the case of (x)), a De-listing, 
Merger Event, Nationalisation or (other than in respect of an ETF Share) Insolvency occurs or 
(in the case of (y)) a Tender Offer occurs, in each case, in relation to an Underlying Equity, the 
Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made 
to any one or more of the relevant Interest Amount and/or the Redemption Amount and/or 
the Reference Iteminitial and/or the Reference Itemfinal and/or the Multiplier and/or any of 
the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the 
De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, 
and determine the effective date of that adjustment. The relevant adjustments may (i) 
include, without limitation, the substitution of the Underlying Equity the subject of the 
De-listing, Merger Event, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Tender Offer by a replacement 
equity security selected by the Calculation Agent and the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the adjustments, if any, to be made to these Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms to account for such substitution or (ii) in the case of adjustments following a 
Merger Event or Tender Offer include, without limitation, adjustments to account for 
changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the 
Underlying Equities; or 
(b) 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) and redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Equity Linked Redemption Notes, each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount. 
If the provisions of Condition 7(b)(ii)(a) apply, the Calculation Agent may (but need not) 
determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the De-listing, 
Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, made by an

--- Page 181 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
174 
options exchange to options on the Underlying Equity or Equities traded on that options 
exchange. 
Upon the occurrence (if applicable) of a De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation 
or Insolvency, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, 
Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed 
to be taken in relation thereto. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“De-listing” means, in respect of any relevant Underlying Equities, the relevant Exchange 
announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Underlying Equities cease (or will 
cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger 
Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange 
or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is 
within the European Union, in any member state of the European Union); 
“Insolvency” means, other than in respect of an ETF Share, that by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of, or any analogous 
proceeding affecting an Equity Issuer (A) all the Underlying Equities of that Equity Issuer are 
required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) holders of the 
Underlying Equities of that Equity Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring them; 
“Merger Date” means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any relevant Underlying Equities, any (a) reclassification 
or change of such Underlying Equities that results in a transfer of, or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer, all such Underlying Equities outstanding to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Equity Issuer with or into 
another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange in which such Equity Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in any 
such reclassification or change of all such Underlying Equities outstanding), (c) takeover offer, 
tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to 
purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Underlying Equities of the relevant 
Equity Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such 
Underlying Equities (other than such Underlying Equities owned or controlled by such other 
entity or person), or (d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the 
relevant Equity Issuer or its subsidiaries (if any) with or into another entity in which such Equity 
Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such 
Underlying Equities outstanding but results in the outstanding Underlying Equities (other than 
those Underlying Equities owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such 
event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Underlying Equities 
immediately following such event, in each case if the Merger Date is on or before the relevant 
Valuation Date or, if the Equity Linked Redemption Notes are to be redeemed by delivery of 
Underlying Equities, the Maturity Date; 
“Nationalisation” means that all the Underlying Equities or all or substantially all the assets of 
an Equity Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; and

--- Page 182 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
175 
“Tender Offer” means, in respect of an Equity Issuer, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange 
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or 
person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other 
means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of 
such Equity Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings 
with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent 
deems relevant. 
(iii) 
If Correction of Share Prices is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, with the 
exception of any corrections published after the Correction Cut-Off Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, if the price of an Underlying Equity published on a Valuation Date is 
subsequently corrected and the correction (the “Corrected Share Price”) is published on the 
relevant Exchange within one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, (A) the Issuer shall 
give notice as soon as practicable of that correction to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices), (B) such Corrected Share Price shall be deemed to be the closing price 
for such Underlying Equity for that Valuation Date (C) and the Calculation Agent shall use such 
Corrected Share Price in determining the relevant Interest Amount and/or Redemption Amount. 
Corrections published after the Correction Cut-Off Date will be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Amount and/or Redemption Amount. 
(iv) 
In respect of Equity Linked Notes relating to Underlying Equities originally quoted, listed and/or 
dealt as of the Trade Date in a currency of a member state of the European Union that has not 
adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, 
as amended, if such Underlying Equities are at any time after the Trade Date quoted, listed and/or 
dealt exclusively in euro on the relevant Exchange, then the Calculation Agent will adjust any 
one or more of the relevant Interest Amount and/or the Reference Iteminitial and/or the Reference 
Itemfinal and/or the Multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the 
Redemption Amount and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent determines to 
be appropriate to preserve the economic terms of such Equity Linked Notes. The Calculation 
Agent will make any conversion necessary for the purposes of any such adjustment as of the 
Valuation Time at an appropriate mid-market spot rate of exchange determined by the Calculation 
Agent prevailing as of the Valuation Time. No adjustments under this Condition 7(b)(iv) will 
affect the currency denomination of any payments in respect of the Equity Linked Notes. 
(v) 
Offer of a Series of Notes to consumers within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law 
If the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, adjustments and modifications pursuant to this Condition 7(b) cannot relate to an 
essential feature of the Notes and the Notes cannot be early redeemed by the Issuer, other than, 
in each case, if a force majeure or an event occurs which substantially alters the economics of the 
contract as initially agreed between the parties and for which the Issuer is not accountable. In 
addition, any such adjustment or modification may not create a significant imbalance between 
the rights and obligations of the parties to the detriment of the Noteholder and the Issuer may not 
charge costs to the Noteholder for any such adjustment or modification. 
(c) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days: Averaging Payments 
(i) 
Disruption Fallback Provisions 
(a) 
Where the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms to relate to a single Underlying 
Equity, if the Calculation Agent determines that any Valuation Date in respect of an 
Averaging Payment is a Disrupted Day, then:

--- Page 183 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
176 
(i) 
if “Omission” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, such date 
shall be deemed not to be a relevant Valuation Date for the purposes of determining 
the relevant Averaging Payment in respect of such Valuation Date, provided that if 
through the operation of this provision there would not be any Valuation Date in 
respect of such Averaging Payment, then the sole Valuation Date shall be the earlier 
of (A) the first Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Valuation Date 
that is not a Disrupted Day and (B) the Valuation Cut-Off Date; 
(ii) 
if “Postponement” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Valuation Date shall be the earlier of (A) the first Scheduled Trading Day following 
the Scheduled Valuation Date that is not a Disrupted Day and (B) the Valuation 
Cut-Off Date. Any day (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Valuation Cut-
Off Date) determined to be a Valuation Date as a result of the operation of this 
Condition 7(c) shall be a Valuation Date, irrespective of whether it falls on a day 
that already is or is deemed to be a Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Valuation Date shall be the earlier of (A) the first Valid Date following 
the Scheduled Valuation Date and (B) the Valuation Cut-Off Date, irrespective of 
whether the Valuation Cut-Off Date falls on a day that already is or is deemed to 
be a Valuation Date. 
(b) 
Where the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms to relate to a Basket of 
Underlying Equities, if the Calculation Agent determines that any Valuation Date in 
respect of a Valuation Date for an Averaging Payment is a Disrupted Day in respect of any 
Underlying Equity, then: 
(i) 
if “Omission” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, such date 
shall be deemed not to be a Valuation Date in respect of any Underlying Equity in 
respect of such Reference Date, provided that, if through the operation of this 
provision there would not be any Valuation Date in respect of such Valuation Date, 
then: 
(A) 
the sole Valuation Date for each Underlying Equity in respect of which 
the final Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the final Valuation 
Date; and 
(B) 
the sole Valuation Date for each Underlying Equity in respect of which 
the final Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day (each such Underlying Equity, 
an “Affected Equity”) shall be the earlier of (I) the first Scheduled 
Trading Day following the final Valuation Date that is not a Disrupted 
Day in respect of such Affected Equity and (II) the Valuation Date for 
such Affected Equity; 
(ii) 
if “Postponement” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
(A) 
the Valuation Date for each Underlying Equity in respect of which the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the Valuation 
Date; and 
(B) 
the Valuation Date for each Underlying Equity in respect of which the 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day (each such Underlying Equity, an 
“Affected Equity”) shall be the earlier of (I) the first Scheduled Trading

--- Page 184 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
177 
Day following the Valuation Date that is not a Disrupted Day in respect 
of such Affected Equity and (II) the Valuation Date for such Affected 
Equity. Any day (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Valuation 
Date) determined to be a Valuation Date as a result of the operation of 
this Condition 7(c)(ii) shall be a Valuation Date, irrespective of whether 
it falls on a day that already is or is deemed to be a Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms then: 
(A) 
the Valuation Date for each Underlying Equity in respect of which the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the Valuation 
Date; and 
(B) 
the Valuation Date for each Underlying Equity in respect of which the 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day (each such Underlying Equity, an 
“Affected Equity”) shall be the earlier of (I) the first Valid Date 
following the Valuation Date in respect of such Affected Equity and (II) 
the Valuation Date for such Affected Equity, irrespective of whether the 
Valuation Date falls on a day that already is or is deemed to be a Valuation 
Date.  
(ii) 
Determination of Reference Price 
If, in respect of any Underlying Equity, a Valuation Date is determined pursuant to Condition 
7(c)(i) above: 
(i) 
if such Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day for such Underlying Equity, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Reference Price of such Underlying Equity as at the Reference 
Time on such Valuation Date; and/or 
(ii) 
if such Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for such Underlying Equity, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Reference Price for such Underlying Equity as at the Reference 
Time on the Valuation Date as its good faith estimate of the Reference Price of such 
Underlying Equity as of the Reference Time on the Valuation Date. 
(iii) 
Notice of Disruption Date 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. Without limiting the obligation 
of the Calculation Agent to give notice to the Noteholders as set forth in the preceding sentence, 
failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Noteholders of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day. 
(d) 
Definitions applicable to Equity Linked Notes 
For the purposes of this Condition 7: 
“Additional ETF Documents” means, in respect of an ETF, any documents of such ETF which are 
determined to be Additional ETF Documents by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 185 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
178 
“Averaging Payment” means any payment relating to: 
(a) 
Equity Linked Interest Notes in respect of which the Variable Rate of Interest is determined in 
accordance with Condition (b)(ii)(K), the Asian Option – Underlying Equity/Basket of 
Underlying Equities Interest Variable Option; 
(b) 
Equity Linked Redemption Notes where sub-paragraph (x)(iii) or sub-paragraph (y)(iii) of the 
definition of “Redemption Amount” below is applicable; 
(c) 
Equity Linked Autocall Notes where averaging is applicable to the calculation of the Autocall 
Redemption Amount under Condition 5(d)(iii)(IV)(b), 5(d)(iii)(V)(c) or 5(d)(iii)(VI); and 
(d) 
any other amounts payable on Equity Linked Notes to which averaging relates. 
“Clearance System” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity, the principal domestic clearance system 
customarily used for settling trades in such Underlying Equity. 
“Clearance System Business Day” means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in such Clearance System being 
unable to clear the transfer of the relevant Underlying Equity, would have been) open for the acceptance 
and execution of settlement instructions. 
“Disrupted Day” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a 
relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session 
or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
“Equity Issuer” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity, the issuer of such Underlying Equity (which, 
in the case of Underlying Equity that is specified as an ETF Share in the applicable Final Terms, will be 
an ETF Issuer) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Equity Linked Notes” means Equity Linked Interest Notes and Equity Linked Redemption Notes. 
“ETF” means an exchange traded fund. 
“ETF Administrator” means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF, any person so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if no person is so specified, the fund administrator, manager, trustee or 
similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such ETF according to the ETF 
Documents.  
“ETF Adviser” means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF, any person so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no person is so specified, any person appointed in the role of discretionary 
investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment 
adviser to a discretionary investment manager or to another non-discretionary investment adviser) for 
such ETF. 
“ETF Documents” means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF, the constitutive and 
governing documents, subscription agreements and other agreements of the ETF specifying the terms 
and conditions relating to such ETF Share and any Additional ETF Documents, in each case, as amended 
from time to time. 
“ETF Issuer” means, in respect of an ETF Share, the issuer of such ETF Share specified as the Equity 
Issuer in the applicable Final Terms. 
“ETF Share” means each ETF share specified as an Underlying Equity in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 186 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
179 
“Exchange” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity, each exchange or quotation system specified as 
such for such Underlying Equity in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Underlying 
Equity has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to such Underlying Equity on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Underlying Equity is open for trading during 
their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Index Sponsor” means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing 
the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant 
Reference Index, and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Reference 
Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity: 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time of: 
(i) 
any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: 
(A) 
relating to the Underlying Equity on the Exchange; or 
(B) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the Underlying Equity on any relevant 
Related Exchange; or 
(ii) 
any event (other than an event described in (b) below) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Underlying Equities on the 
Exchange, or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts relating to the relevant Underlying Equity on any relevant Related Exchange, 
which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material; or 
(b) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to (A) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day or if earlier (B) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day. 
“Redemption Amount” means, in relation to an Equity Linked Redemption Note, an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
Calculation Amount × MAX ൤Floor %; ൜MIN ൬Cap %; 1 + ൤ERM × Reference Itemfinal −(SF × Reference ItemInitial)
Reference Iteminitial
൨൰ൠ൨ 
(a) 
Floor % shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b)  
Cap % shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 187 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
180 
(c) 
“ERM” means the Equity Redemption Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(d)  
Reference Iteminitial shall be: 
(i) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if Reference Iteminitial Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Reference Price (as defined in this Condition 7(d)) determined (and subject to 
adjustment) in accordance with this Condition 7 in respect of the Valuation Date specified 
for this purpose in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if Reference Iteminitial Averaging is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic average of the relevant Reference Prices (as defined in this 
Condition 7(d)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with this Condition 
7 in respect of each Valuation Date specified for this purpose in the applicable Final Terms; 
(e)  
Reference Itemfinal shall be: 
(i) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if Reference Itemfinal Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Reference Price (as defined in this Condition 7(d)) determined (and subject to 
adjustment) in accordance with this Condition 7 in respect of the Valuation Date specified 
for this purpose in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if Reference Itemfinal Averaging is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic average of the relevant Reference Prices (as defined in this 
Condition 7(d)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with this Condition 
7 in respect of each Valuation Date specified for this purpose in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(f)  
SF means the Scaling Factor specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided always that the Redemption Amount shall in no event be less than zero and in the case of Equity 
Linked Redemption Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the reference to “Calculation 
Amount” shall be deemed to refer to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Equity Linked 
Redemption Notes represented by such Global Note. The Redemption Amount will be rounded to the 
nearest two decimal places (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) in the Specified 
Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, half of one unit) being rounded upwards.  
“Reference Index” means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF, the index tracked by such 
ETF as of the Trade Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Price” means, in relation to a Valuation Date and subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the other provisions of this Condition 7: 
(a) 
where the Equity Linked Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms to relate to a single 
Underlying Equity, an amount equal to the official closing price on that Valuation Date (or, if a 
Valuation Time is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the price at such Valuation Time on 
that Valuation Date) of the Underlying Equity quoted on the Exchange without regard to any 
subsequently published correction as determined by the Calculation Agent (or if, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, no such price (or, as the case may be, no such official closing price) can 
be determined at such time and, if either Disrupted Day is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and that Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day or if Disrupted Day is

--- Page 188 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
181 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the fair market buying price at the 
Valuation Time on that Valuation Date and the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on 
that Valuation Date for the Underlying Equity based, at the Calculation Agent’s discretion, either 
on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or the middle market quotations provided to it by 
two or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading 
of the Underlying Equity or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide). The 
amount determined pursuant to the foregoing shall be converted, if Exchange Rate is specified to 
be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, into the Specified Currency at the Exchange Rate 
and such converted amount shall be the Reference Price; and 
(b) 
where the Equity Linked Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms to relate to a Basket 
of Underlying Equities, an amount equal to the sum of the products calculated for each 
Underlying Equity of (I) the percentage Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms for the 
relevant Undertaking Equity and (II) the official closing price on that Valuation Date (or, if a 
Valuation Time is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the price at such Valuation Time on 
that Valuation Date) of the relevant Underlying Equity quoted on the relevant Exchange without 
regard to any subsequently published correction as determined by the Calculation Agent (or if, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, no such price (or, as the case may be, any such official 
closing price) can be determined at such time and, if Disrupted Day is specified to be applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, and that Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day or if Disrupted Day 
is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the fair market buying price at the 
Valuation Time (or, as the case may be, of the closing fair market buying price) on that Valuation 
Date and the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time (or, as the case may be, of the closing 
fair market selling price) on that Valuation Date for the Underlying Equity based, at the 
Calculation Agent’s discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or the middle 
market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the Underlying Equity or on such other factors as 
the Calculation Agent shall decide). Each value determined pursuant to the foregoing shall be 
converted, if Exchange Rate is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, into the 
Specified Currency at the Exchange Rate and the sum of such converted amounts shall be the 
Reference Price. 
“Related Exchange” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such in relation to such Underlying Equity in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to 
such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in 
futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying Equity has temporarily relocated (provided that 
the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options 
contracts relating to such Underlying Equity on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original Related Exchange), PROVIDED THAT where “All Exchanges” is specified as the 
Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, “Related Exchange” shall mean each exchange or 
quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the 
overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying Equity. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity, an Exchange or Related 
Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or 
Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours.

--- Page 189 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
182 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange is 
scheduled to be open for trading for its respective regular trading session. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in relation to a Valuation Date, any original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been that Valuation Date. 
“Settlement Cycle” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity, the period of Clearance System Business 
Days following a trade in such Underlying Equity on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily 
occur according to the rules of such Exchange. 
“Underlying Equities” and “Underlying Equity” mean the equity securities or units or equity security 
or unit specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which may comprise one or more ETF Shares, 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Valuation Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
“Valuation Cut-Off Date” means the eighth Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Valuation 
Date.  
“Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day.  
(a) 
If such day is a Disrupted Day which does not relate to an Averaging Payment: 
(i) 
where the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms to relate to a single Underlying 
Equity, the Valuation Date shall be the earlier of (i) first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day; and (ii) the Valuation Cut-Off Date. If the earlier of such 
dates is the Valuation Cut-Off Date (i) the Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be 
that Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall, where practicable, determine the Reference Price using its good 
faith estimate of the Reference Price as of the Valuation Time on that Valuation Cut-Off 
Date; or 
(ii) 
where the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms to relate to a Basket of 
Underlying Equities, the Valuation Date for each Underlying Equity not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Valuation 
Date for each Underlying Equity affected (each an “Affected Equity”) by the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day shall be the earlier of (i) first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day; and (ii) the Valuation Cut-Off Date relating to the Affected Equity 
. If the earlier of such dates is the Valuation Cut-Off Date (i) the Valuation Cut-Off Date 
shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date for the Affected Equity, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall, determine the 
Reference Price using, in relation to the Affected Equity, a price determined using its good 
faith estimate of the value for the Affected Equity as of the Valuation Time on that 
Valuation Cut-Off Date and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
(b) 
If such day is a Disrupted Day and relates to an Averaging Payment, such date as is determined 
in accordance with Condition 7(c) above. 
“Valuation Time” means, unless an alternative Valuation Time is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date in relation 
to the Underlying Equity to be valued. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing

--- Page 190 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
183 
Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then 
the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
8 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
If the Notes are Inflation Linked Interest Notes then the provisions of this Condition 8 apply, as completed by 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Adjustments: Delay in Publication, Cessation of Publication, Manifest Error in Publication, Rebasing 
of the Inflation Index and Material Modification Prior to Relevant Payment Date 
(i) 
Delay in Publication 
If the level of the Inflation Index for a Reference Month which is relevant to the calculation of a 
payment under the Inflation Linked Notes (a “Relevant Level”) has not been published or 
announced by the Relevant Determination Date for such Relevant Payment Date, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the level of such Inflation Index for such Reference Month (a “Substitute 
Inflation Index Level”) in place of such Relevant Level by using the following methodology: 
(A) 
if applicable, the Calculation Agent will take the same action to determine the Substitute 
Inflation Index Level for such Relevant Payment Date as that taken by the calculation 
agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of any relevant Related Bond; or 
(B) 
if (A) above does not result in a Substitute Inflation Index Level for such Relevant 
Payment Date for any reason, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute 
Inflation Index Level by reference to the following formula: 
ቂ൬Substitute  Inflation Index Level = Base Level × ቀ
Latest Level 
Reference Level ቁ൰ቃ. 
Following the determination of a Substitute Inflation Index Level by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with this Condition 8(a)(i), the Issuer shall promptly give notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of such Substitute Inflation Index Level. 
If a Relevant Level in respect of a Relevant Payment Date is published or announced at any time 
after the Relevant Determination Date for such Relevant Payment Date, such Relevant Level will 
not be used in any calculations. The Substitute Inflation Index Level determined pursuant to this 
Condition 8(a)(i) will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(a)(i): 
“Base Level” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index (excluding 
any “flash” estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect 
of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month for which the Substitute Inflation 
Index Level is being determined. 
“Latest Level” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any “flash” estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor 
prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined. 
“Reference Level” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any “flash” estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor 
in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month referred to in the definition 
of “Latest Level” above.

--- Page 191 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
184 
(ii) 
Cessation of Publication 
If the level of an Inflation Index has not been published or announced for two consecutive months 
or such other period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Period of Cessation of 
Publication”) and/or the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer 
continue to publish or announce such Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
a successor index (a “Successor Inflation Index”) (in lieu of the relevant previously applicable 
Inflation Index) for the purposes of the Inflation Linked Interest Notes by using the following 
methodology: 
(A) 
if at any time (other than after an Inflation Index Cancellation (as defined below)) a 
successor index has been designated in respect of an Inflation Index by the calculation 
agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of any relevant Related Bond, such successor 
index shall be designated the “Successor Inflation Index” for such Inflation Index for the 
purposes of all subsequent Relevant Payment Dates, notwithstanding that any other 
Successor Inflation Index may previously have been determined pursuant to paragraphs 
(B) or (C) below; 
(B) 
if a Successor Inflation Index is not determined pursuant to paragraph (A) above and no 
Inflation Index Cancellation (as defined below) has occurred and a notice has been given 
or an announcement has been made by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor specifying 
that such Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement index specified by the 
relevant Inflation Index Sponsor and the Calculation Agent determines that such 
replacement Inflation Index is calculated using the same or substantially similar formula 
or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation 
Index, such replacement index shall be the “Successor Inflation Index” for such Inflation 
Index for the purposes of the Inflation Linked Interest Notes from the date that such 
Successor Inflation Index comes into effect; or 
(C) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined under (A) or (B) above and no 
Inflation Index Cancellation (as defined below) has occurred, the Calculation Agent shall 
ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation 
Index should be. If between four and five responses are received and of those four or five 
responses, three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, this index will 
be deemed the “Successor Inflation Index”. If three responses are received, and two or 
more leading independent dealers state the same index, this index will be deemed the 
“Successor Inflation Index”. If fewer than three responses are received, the Calculation 
Agent will proceed to paragraph (D) hereof; or 
(D) 
if a Successor Inflation Index is not determined pursuant to paragraphs (A), (B) or (C) 
above by the Relevant Determination Date in respect of the next succeeding Relevant 
Payment Date, the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate alternative index for 
such Relevant Payment Date and such index will be deemed to be the “Successor Inflation 
Index” for such Inflation Index. 
If a Successor Inflation Index is determined in accordance with the above, the Calculation Agent 
may make such adjustment(s) to these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for such replacement and 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Inflation Linked Interest Notes. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index, there will be 
deemed to be no Successor Inflation Index for such Inflation Index (an “Inflation Index

--- Page 192 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
185 
Cancellation”) and, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), 
the Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the Inflation Linked Interest Notes, each nominal 
amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount being redeemed at the Early Redemption 
Amount. 
Notice of the determination of a Successor Inflation Index and the date from which such index 
becomes the Successor Inflation Index and any relevant adjustment(s) to these Conditions and/or 
the applicable Final Terms or any Inflation Index Cancellation will be given to Noteholders by 
the Issuer in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
(iii) 
Manifest Error in Publication 
If, in respect of a Relevant Payment Date and a Relevant Level in respect of such Relevant 
Payment Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor has 
corrected such Relevant Level to remedy a manifest error in its original publication, prior to thirty 
days following publication of such Relevant Level for such Relevant Payment Date the 
Calculation Agent may use such corrected Relevant Level to calculate any payments under the 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes in respect of such Relevant Payment Date. Corrections published 
on or after thirty days following publication of such Relevant Level for such Relevant Payment 
Date will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining any payments 
under the Inflation Linked Interest Notes. 
Notice of any such correction pursuant to this Condition 8(a)(iii) shall be given to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
(iv) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any 
time, such Inflation Index as so rebased (the “Rebased Index”) will be used for purposes of 
determining any Relevant Level in respect of such Inflation Index from the date of such rebasing; 
provided, however, that the Calculation Agent shall make (A) such adjustments as are made by 
the calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of any relevant Related Bond to the 
levels of such Rebased Index so that such Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation 
as the Inflation Index before it was rebased and/or (B) if there is no Related Bond, the Calculation 
Agent shall make such adjustments to the levels of such Rebased Index so that such Rebased 
Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the relevant Inflation Index before it was rebased 
and, in each case, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) to these Conditions and/or 
the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to 
account for such rebasing and determine the effective date of the adjustment(s) to the Inflation 
Linked Interest Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, any such rebasing shall not affect prior 
payments made under the Inflation Linked Interest Notes. 
Notice of any adjustment or determination pursuant to this Condition 8(a)(iv) shall be given to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
(v) 
Material Modification Prior to Relevant Payment Date 
If, on or prior to the Relevant Determination Date in respect of any Relevant Payment Date, an 
Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will make a material change to an Inflation Index, the 
Calculation Agent shall (A) make appropriate adjustment(s) to these Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms, consistent with any adjustments made to any relevant Related Bond as 
the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for such change to such 
Inflation Index and determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Inflation Linked

--- Page 193 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
186 
Interest Notes, or (B) if there is no relevant Related Bond make only those adjustments to the 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary for 
the modified Inflation Index to continue as an Inflation Index. 
Notice of any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 8(a)(v) shall be given to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
(vi) 
Offer of a Series of Notes to consumers within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law 
If the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, adjustments and modifications pursuant to this Condition 8(a) cannot relate to an 
essential feature of the Notes and the Notes cannot be early redeemed, other than, in each case, 
if a force majeure or an event occurs which substantially alters the economics of the contract as 
initially agreed between the parties and for which the Issuer is not accountable. In addition, any 
such adjustment or modification may not create a significant imbalance between the rights and 
obligations of the parties to the detriment of the Noteholder and the Issuer may not charge costs 
to the Noteholder for any such adjustment or modification. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 8: 
“Fallback Bond” means, in respect of an Inflation Index unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the country to 
whose level of inflation the relevant Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to such Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) 
the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Maturity Date if there is no 
such bond maturing on the Maturity Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date if 
no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the relevant Inflation Index relates 
to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an 
inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government 
agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is 
calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the 
Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation linked bonds issued on or before 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and, if there is more than one inflation linked 
bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from 
those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems, the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on 
the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond 
redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
“Inflation Index” means the index specified in the applicable Final Terms or any Successor Inflation 
Index as nominated pursuant to these Conditions. 
“Inflation Index Sponsor” means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that publishes or 
announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index. 
“Reference Month” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the calendar month for which the level of 
such Inflation Index was reported, regardless of when this information is published or announced. If the 
period for which the Inflation Index level was reported is a period other than a month, the Reference 
Month shall be the period for which the Inflation Index level was reported. 
“Related Bond” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no bond is so specified, the Fallback Bond. If the relevant Related Bond specified in 
the applicable Final Terms is “Fallback Bond”, then, for any Related Bond determination, the 
Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond. If “Related Bond: Not Applicable” or no Related Bond

--- Page 194 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
187 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms and “Fallback Bond: Not Applicable” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is selected as the Related Bond in the 
applicable Final Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the Maturity Date, unless “Fallback 
Bond: Not Applicable” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the 
Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination. 
“Relevant Determination Date” means, in respect of a Relevant Payment Date, each date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Payment Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Valuation Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
9 
Currency Linked Notes 
If the Notes are Currency Linked Interest Notes and/or Currency Linked Redemption Notes then the provisions 
of this Condition 9 apply, as applicable, as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless Currency Linked Notes are previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if the determination of (I) 
an Interest Amount (in the case of Currency Linked Interest Notes); or (II) the Redemption Amount (in the case 
of Currency Linked Redemption Notes) is postponed as a result of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (as defined 
in Condition 9(c) below) which prevents a Reference Price being determined on the scheduled Valuation Date, 
then payment of any such amount (the “Currency Linked Affected Amount”) shall be postponed to the date 
determined in accordance with Condition 9(b)(i)(B) and such Currency Linked Affected Amount shall be paid 
without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the postponement of the payment thereof. 
(a) 
Redemption of Currency Linked Redemption Notes 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each nominal amount of 
Currency Linked Redemption Notes equal to the Calculation Amount set out in the applicable Final 
Terms will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Redemption Amount (as defined below) on the Maturity 
Date. 
(b) 
Market Disruption 
With respect to any Currency Linked Note, if any Valuation Date on which a Reference Price (as defined 
in Condition 9(c) below) is scheduled to be determined is a Disrupted Day and: 
(i) 
the Valuation Date does not relate to an Averaging Payment, the Calculation Agent may, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, take any one or more of the following actions: 
(A) 
deduct from the relevant Interest Amount and/or Redemption Amount determined on the 
basis of such Reference Price an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
representing the cost, expense, charge and/or deduction arising in connection with such 
Currency Disruption Event(s) or make any other adjustment with respect thereto; and/or  
(B) 
postpone any date for payment of the relevant Interest Amount and/or Redemption 
Amount; and/or  
(C) 
in the case of a Price Source Disruption specify and adopt: 
(I) 
an appropriate alternate fallback or alternative price or rate source or 
method of determination selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion; or

--- Page 195 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
188 
(II) 
a replacement of any one or more relevant currencies, as the case may 
be; or 
(D) 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) and redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Currency Linked Notes at their Early Redemption Amount; or 
(ii) 
the Valuation Date relates to an Averaging Payment, such Valuation Date will be deemed not to 
be a relevant Valuation Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Amount or 
Redemption Amount. If, through operation of this provision, there would not be any Valuation 
Date with respect to the date for payment of the relevant Interest Amount or Redemption Amount, 
the provisions of Condition 9(b)(i)(A)-(D) will apply for purposes of determining the relevant 
Reference Price on such Valuation Date. 
Condition 9(b)(i)(A) shall not apply if the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, adjustments and modifications pursuant to this Condition 9(b) cannot relate to an essential feature 
of the Notes and the Notes cannot be early redeemed by the Issuer, other than, in each case, if a force 
majeure or an event occurs which substantially alters the economics of the contract as initially agreed 
between the parties and for which the Issuer is not accountable. In addition, any such adjustment or 
modification may not create a significant imbalance between the rights and obligations of the parties to 
the detriment of the Noteholder and the Issuer may not charge costs to the Noteholder for any such 
adjustment or modification. 
(c) 
Definitions applicable to Currency Linked Notes 
For the purposes of this Condition 9: 
“Averaging Payment” means any payment relating to: 
(a) 
Currency Linked Interest Notes in respect of which the Variable Rate of Interest is determined in 
accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii)(L), the Asian Option – Currency Interest Variable Option; 
(b) 
Currency Linked Redemption Notes where sub-paragraph (x)(iii) or sub-paragraph (y)(iii) of the 
definition of “Redemption Amount” below is applicable;  
(c) 
Currency Linked Autocall Notes where averaging is applicable to the calculation of the Autocall 
Redemption Amount under Condition 5(d)(iii)(IV)(b), 5(d)(iii)(V)(c) or 5(d)(iii)(VI); and  
(d) 
any other amounts payable on Currency Linked Notes to which averaging relates. 
“Base Currency” means the Currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Benchmark Obligation(s)” means the obligation(s) so specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to the Reference Currency. 
“Benchmark Obligation Default” means, with respect to any Benchmark Obligation, the occurrence 
of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described) including, but not 
limited to, (A) the failure of timely payment in full of any principal, interest or other amounts due 
(without giving effect to any applicable grace periods) in respect of such Benchmark Obligation, (B) a 
declared moratorium, standstill, waiver, deferral, Repudiation or rescheduling of any principal, interest 
or other amounts due in respect of such Benchmark Obligation or (C) the amendment or modification of 
the terms and conditions of payment of any principal, interest or other amounts due in respect of such 
Benchmark Obligation without the consent of all holders of such Benchmark Obligation. The

--- Page 196 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
189 
determination of the existence or occurrence of any default, event of default or other similar condition 
or event shall be made without regard to any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant 
entity to issue or enter into such Benchmark Obligation.  
“Currency Disruption Event” means the occurrence with respect to the Issuer, any hedging 
counterparty of the Issuer or any Affiliate thereof of (A) Benchmark Obligation Default, (B) Dual 
Exchange Rate, (C) General Inconvertibility, (D) General Non-Transferability, (E) Governmental 
Authority Default, (F) Illiquidity, (G) Material Change In Circumstances, (H) Nationalisation, (I) Price 
Materiality, (J) Price Source Disruption, (K) Specific Inconvertibility, or (L) Specific Non-
Transferability in each case, if specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Currency Linked Notes” means Currency Linked Interest Notes and Currency Linked Redemption 
Notes. 
“Currency Page” means the page of the relevant screen provider as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or any successor page on which the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Currency Rate 
is displayed. 
“Currency Rate” means, as at any time, the currency exchange rate between the Reference Currency 
and the Base Currency as specified for the Currency Rate on the Currency Page specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Disrupted Day” means a day on which one or more relevant Currency Disruption Events has occurred 
and is continuing. 
“Dual Exchange Rate” means the relevant Reference Price splits into dual or multiple currency 
exchange rates. 
“Event Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Event Currency Jurisdiction” means, in respect of an Event Currency, the country for which the Event 
Currency is the lawful currency. 
“General Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to 
convert the Event Currency into the Non-Event Currency in the Event Currency Jurisdiction through 
customary legal channels. 
“General Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible 
to deliver (A) the Non-Event Currency from accounts inside the Event Currency Jurisdiction to accounts 
outside the Event Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the Event Currency between accounts inside the Event 
Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of the Event Currency Jurisdiction. 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of the Event Currency Jurisdiction. 
“Governmental Authority Default” means, with respect to any security or indebtedness for borrowed 
money of, or guaranteed by, any Governmental Authority, the occurrence of a default, event of default 
or other similar condition or event (however described) including, but not limited to, (A) the failure of 
timely payment in full of any principal, interest or other amounts due (without giving effect to any 
applicable grace periods) in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee, 
(B) a declared moratorium, standstill, waiver, deferral, Repudiation or rescheduling of any principal, 
interest or other amounts due in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money or

--- Page 197 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
190 
guarantee or (C) the amendment or modification of the terms and conditions of payment of any principal, 
interest or other amounts due in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money or 
guarantee without the consent of all holders of such obligation. The determination of the existence or 
occurrence of any default, event of default or other similar condition or event shall be made without 
regard to any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of such Governmental Authority to issue or 
enter into such security, indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee. 
“Hedging Arrangements” means any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer (and/or its 
Affiliates) at any time with respect to the Notes, including without limitation the purchase and/or sale of 
any relevant currency and any associated foreign exchange transactions. 
“Illiquidity” means it becomes impossible to obtain a firm quote of the Reference Price for the Minimum 
Amount (either in one transaction or a commercially reasonable number of transactions that, when taken 
together, total the Minimum Amount) on the Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for 
that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant price 
source) or by such other date (the “Illiquidity Valuation Date”) as is specified for such purpose in the 
applicable Final Terms. If an Illiquidity Valuation Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Illiquidity Market Disruption Event occurs on such date, then the Illiquidity Valuation Date will be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date for such Notes. 
“Material Change in Circumstances” means the occurrence of any event (other than those events 
specified as Currency Disruption Events in the applicable Final Terms) in the Event Currency 
Jurisdiction beyond the control of the Issuer which makes it impossible (A) for the Issuer to fulfil its 
obligations under the Currency Linked Notes, and (B) generally to fulfil obligations similar to the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Currency Linked Notes. 
“Minimum Amount” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Nationalisation” means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by 
any Governmental Authority which deprives the Issuer (or any of its Affiliates which are party to any 
Hedging Arrangements) of all or substantially all of its assets in the Event Currency Jurisdiction. 
“Non-Event Currency” means the currency for any Reference Price that is not the Event Currency. 
“Price Materiality” means the Primary Rate differs from the Secondary Rate by at least the Price 
Materiality Percentage. 
“Price Materiality Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Price Source Disruption” means it becomes impossible to obtain the Reference Price on the Valuation 
Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the relevant price source). 
“Primary Rate” means, in respect of a Notes and for the purposes of the definition of Price Materiality, 
the Currency Rate.  
“Rate Calculation Date” means any Valuation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or 
any other date on which a Reference Price in respect of Currency Linked Notes is required to be 
determined in accordance with the Conditions. 
“Redemption Amount” means, in relation to a Currency Linked Redemption Note, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to:

--- Page 198 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
191 
Calculation Amount × MAX ቈFloor %; ቊMIN ቆCap %; 1 + ቈCRM ×
Reference Iteminitial −(SF × Reference Itemfinal)
Reference Itemfinal
቉ቇቋ቉ 
where the value of:  
(a) 
Floor % shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b)  
Cap % shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(c) 
“CRM” means the Currency Redemption Multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(d)  
Reference Iteminitial shall be: 
(i) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if Reference Iteminitial Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Reference Price (as defined in this Condition 9(c)) determined (and subject to 
adjustment) in accordance with this Condition 9 in respect of the Valuation Date specified 
for this purpose in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if Reference Iteminitial Averaging is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic average of the relevant Reference Prices (as defined in this 
Condition 9(c)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with this Condition 
9 in respect of each Valuation Date specified for this purpose in the applicable Final Terms; 
(e)  
Reference Itemfinal shall be: 
(i) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if Reference Itemfinal Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Reference Price (as defined in this Condition 9(c)) determined (and subject to 
adjustment) in accordance with this Condition 9 in respect of the Valuation Date specified 
for this purpose in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if Reference Itemfinal Averaging is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic average of the relevant Reference Prices (as defined hi this 
Condition 9(c)) determined (and subject to adjustment) in accordance with this Condition 
9 in respect of each Valuation Date specified for this purpose in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(f)  
SF means the Scaling Factor specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided always that the Redemption Amount shall in no event be less than zero and in the case of 
Currency Linked Redemption Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the reference to 
“Calculation Amount” shall be deemed to refer to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the 
Currency Linked Redemption Notes represented by such Global Note. The Redemption Amount will be 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) in the 
Specified Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, half of one unit) being rounded upwards. 
“Reference Currency” means the currency specified as the Reference Currency in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Reference Price” means, in relation to any Rate Calculation Date but subject to adjustment in 
accordance with Condition 9(b), the currency exchange rate equal to (A) the Currency Rate, or (B) if a 
Currency Rate is not specified, the Spot Rate for that Valuation Date.

--- Page 199 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
192 
“Repudiation” means that, in respect of a Series of Notes, (A) for purposes of the definition of 
Benchmark Obligation Default, the issuer of or any party to, as the case may be, the relevant Benchmark 
Obligation disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of 
the Benchmark Obligation in any material respect, and (B) the relevant Governmental Authority 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of any security, 
indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee of such Governmental Authority in any material respect. 
“Secondary Rate” means, in respect of the Notes and for the purpose of the definition of Price 
Materiality, the currency exchange rate specified for such purposes in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Specific Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to convert the Minimum Amount of the Event Currency into the Non-Event Currency in the Event 
Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure by the Issuer to 
comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule 
or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the Currency Linked Notes and it is impossible for the 
Issuer, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Specific Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the 
Issuer to deliver (A) the Non-Event Currency from accounts inside the Event Currency Jurisdiction to 
accounts outside the Event Currency Jurisdiction, or (B) the Event Currency between accounts inside 
the Event Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of the Event Currency Jurisdiction, 
other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure by the Issuer to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after 
the Issue Date of the Currency Linked Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond 
the control of the Issuer, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Spot Rate” means, for any Rate Calculation Date, the currency exchange rate at the Valuation Time of 
one currency for another expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional 
amounts thereof) per unit of the Base Currency, as determined in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner by the Calculation Agent.  
“Valuation Date” means each date specified or otherwise determined as a Valuation Date (or, if 
applicable, the Illiquidity Valuation Date) in the applicable Final Terms as of which a Reference Price is 
to be determined, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Preceding Business Day Convention 
unless another Business Day Convention is specified to be applicable to that Valuation Date. 
“Valuation Time” means, in respect of a Currency Rate or Spot Rate, the time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or such other time as the Calculation Agent may select in its absolute discretion 
and notify to Noteholders in accordance with the General Conditions. 
10 Credit Linked Notes 
If the Notes are specified as Credit Linked Notes in the applicable Final Terms then the provisions of Annex 1 
(Credit Linked Conditions) of these Terms and Conditions shall apply, as applicable, as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise stated in Annex 1 (Credit Linked Conditions) or in the applicable Final Terms, in the event 
that any day specified in the section “Credit Linked Notes” in the applicable Final Terms or the last day of any 
period calculated by reference to calendar days falls on a day that is not a Business Day, such day or last day 
shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention.

--- Page 200 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
193 
11 Additional Disruption Events and Alternative Currency Provisions 
(a) 
Additional Disruption Events 
If Additional Disruption Events are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then if an 
Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action 
described in Condition 11(a)(i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any 
one or more of the relevant Interest Amount and/or the Reference Iteminitial and/or the Reference 
Itemfinal and/or the Multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective 
date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) and redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes, each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount being 
redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount. 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto. 
If the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, adjustments and modifications pursuant to this Condition 11(a) cannot relate to an essential 
feature of the Notes and the Notes cannot be early redeemed, other than, in each case, if a force majeure 
or an event occurs which substantially alters the economics of the contract as initially agreed between 
the parties and for which the Issuer is not accountable. In addition, any such adjustment or modification 
may not create a significant imbalance between the rights and obligations of the parties to the detriment 
of the Noteholder and the Issuer may not charge costs to the Noteholder for any such adjustment or 
modification. 
(b) 
Definitions applicable to Additional Disruption Events 
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of (A) Change in Law, (B) Hedging Disruption, (C) 
Increased Cost of Hedging, (D) Increased Cost of Stock Borrow (applicable only for Equity Linked 
Notes and Index Linked Notes), (E) Insolvency Filing (applicable only for Equity Linked Notes and 
Index Linked Notes), (F) Loss of Stock Borrow (applicable only for Equity Linked Notes and Index 
Linked Notes), (G) ETF Cross-contamination (applicable only for Equity Linked Notes with an ETF 
Share specified in the applicable Final Terms as an Underlying Equity), (H) ETF Insolvency Event 
(applicable only for Equity Linked Notes with an ETF Share specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
an Underlying Equity), (I) ETF Modification (applicable only for Equity Linked Notes with an ETF 
Share specified in the applicable Final Terms as an Underlying Equity), (J) ETF Regulatory Action 
(applicable only for Equity Linked Notes with an ETF Share specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
an Underlying Equity) and/or (K) ETF Strategy Breach (applicable only for Equity Linked Notes with 
an ETF Share specified in the applicable Final Terms as an Underlying Equity), in each case if specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the events (B) Hedging Disruption, (C) Increased Cost of 
Hedging, (D) Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and (F) Loss of Stock Borrow shall not apply and therefore 
cannot be specified in the applicable Final Terms if the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 201 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
194 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity 
directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes “control” means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity.  
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (A) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, 
any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal 
or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines that (X) it has become illegal to 
hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Underlying Equity (in the case of Equity Linked Notes), any 
relevant security comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Linked Notes) or any relevant asset with 
respect to the Inflation Index (in the case of Inflation Linked Notes) or (Y) the Issuer will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Notes (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax 
position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
“ETF Cross-contamination” means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF (each as defined 
in Condition 7), the occurrence of a cross-contamination or other failure to segregate effectively assets 
between different classes, series or sub-funds of such ETF, and such event continues, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, for the foreseeable future. 
“ETF Insolvency Event” means, in respect of an ETF Share, that the ETF Issuer of such ETF Share 
(each as defined in Condition 7) or any other entity specified in the applicable Final Terms as an “ETF 
Insolvency Entity” (a) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding up, official 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), (b) makes a general 
assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors, (c)(i) institutes or has instituted against 
it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head 
or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (ii) 
has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief 
under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by 
a person or entity not described in clause (i) above and either (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation, 
or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen days of the institution 
or presentation thereof, (d) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets, (e) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen days thereafter, or (f) causes or is 
subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an 
analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (a) through (e) above. 
“ETF Modification” means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF (each as defined in 
Condition 7), any change or modification of the ETF Documents (as defined in Condition 7) of such 
ETF which could reasonably be expected to affect (a) the value of such ETF Share, or (b) the rights or

--- Page 202 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
195 
remedies of any holder of any ETF Share as compared with those rights and remedies prevailing on the 
Trade Date, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“ETF Regulatory Action” means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF (each as defined in 
Condition 7), (a) the cancellation, suspension, revocation of the registration or approval of such ETF or 
such ETF Share by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such ETF or such 
ETF Share, (b) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of such ETF Share, such 
ETF or its ETF Adviser (as defined in Condition 7) which is reasonably likely, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, to have an adverse impact on the value of such ETF Share or on any investor in 
such ETF Share, or (c) such ETF or any of its ETF Administrator (as defined in Condition 7) or its ETF 
Adviser becomes subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, 
legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activity relating to 
or resulting from the operation of such ETF, ETF Administrator or ETF Adviser. 
“ETF Strategy Breach” means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF (each as defined in 
Condition 7), any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the ETF 
Documents (as defined in Condition 7) of such ETF in respect of such ETF Share which is reasonably 
likely, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, to affect (a) the value of such ETF Share, or (b) the 
rights or remedies of any holder of any such ETF Share as compared with those rights or remedies 
prevailing on the Trade Date. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of the 
Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Hedging Shares” means the number of Underlying Equities (in the case of Equity Linked Notes) or 
securities comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Linked Notes) that the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price 
risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover 
or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased 
amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of 
its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Increased Cost of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate 
to borrow any Underlying Equity (in the case of Equity Linked Notes) or any security comprised in an 
Index (in the case of Index Linked Notes) that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
“Initial Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity (in the case of Equity Linked 
Notes) or a security comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Linked Notes), the Initial Stock Loan 
Rate specified in relation to such Underlying Equity or security in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Insolvency Filing” means that an Equity Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over 
it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or

--- Page 203 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
196 
it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to 
such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented 
to by the Equity Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
“Loss of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Underlying Equity (in the case of Equity 
Linked Notes) or any securities comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Linked Notes) in an amount 
equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
“Maximum Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity (in the case of Equity Linked 
Notes) or a security comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Linked Notes), the Maximum Stock 
Loan Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Alternative Currency Provisions 
If the Alternative Currency Provisions and the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium are specified 
to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then if the Issuer in agreement with the Calculation Agent 
determines that it would be commercially impracticable for the Issuer to satisfy any payment obligation 
in respect of the Notes when due in the Specified Currency as a result of a Specified Currency Disruption 
Event, then the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take any one or more of the actions 
described in Conditions 11(c)(i), (ii) and/or (iii) below: 
(i) 
determine that the relevant payment obligation of the Issuer in respect of the Notes be postponed 
to a later date when the relevant Specified Currency Disruption Event has ceased to exist (in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent), provided that such payment obligation will not be 
postponed beyond the date falling the Maximum Alternative Currency Number (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) of Business Days after the original due date (such date, the 
“Postponement Longstop Date”), in which case the relevant payment will be due on the date as 
so postponed, without any Interest Amount or other sum payable in respect of the postponement 
of the payment of such amount; 
(ii) 
determine that the Issuer’s obligation to make any payment in respect of the Notes in the Specified 
Currency, whether or not previously postponed in accordance with Condition 11(c)(i) above, be 
replaced by an obligation to make payment of the Alternative Currency Equivalent of such 
payment, in which case, it will settle any such obligation by payment of the relevant Alternative 
Currency Equivalent not later than the Postponement Longstop Date; or 
(iii) 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) and redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes on a date selected by the Issuer by payment of the Alternative Currency 
Equivalent of, or, if so specified in such notice, an amount in the Specified Currency equal to, the 
Early Redemption Amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder. 
Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices). 
Any payment made in the Alternative Currency under such circumstances will constitute valid payment, 
and will not constitute a default in respect of the Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of a Specified Currency Disruption Event and the Issuer in agreement with the 
Calculation Agent making a determination that such Specified Currency Disruption Event makes it 
commerciality impracticable for the Issuer to satisfy its payment obligations in respect of the Notes when 
due in the Specified Currency, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in

--- Page 204 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
197 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Specified Currency Disruption 
Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. Where the Issuer 
determines to take further action in accordance with Conditions 11(c)(i) to (iii), a further notice shall be 
given to Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
In making any determination in respect of any Specified Currency Disruption Event, neither the Issuer 
nor the Calculation Agent shall have regard to any interest arising from circumstances particular to any 
one or more Noteholders (whatever their number), and, in particular, but without limitation, shall not 
have regard to the consequences of any such determination for any one or more Noteholders (whatever 
their number), resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise 
connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division 
thereof and no Noteholder shall be entitled to claim, from the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any 
other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences or other losses of any 
such determination upon any Noteholders. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of Condition 11(c) by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents and all Noteholders. 
(d) 
Definitions applicable to the Alternative Currency Provisions 
“AC Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the AC Rate 
Calculation Jurisdiction(s). 
“AC Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is the number of AC Rate Calculation Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms before the due date for payment of the relevant amount under the 
Notes or, if the relevant Alternative Currency FX Rate is not available on such day, the last preceding 
AC Rate Calculation Business Day on which the relevant Alternative Currency FX Rate was most 
recently available, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“AC Rate Calculation Jurisdiction(s)” means the jurisdiction(s) that are relevant for determining 
whether a day is an AC Rate Calculation Business Day, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“AC USD Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the AC USD 
Rate Calculation Jurisdiction(s). 
“AC USD Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is the number of AC USD Rate Calculation 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms before the due date for payment of the relevant 
amount under the Notes or, if the relevant Alternative Currency USD FX Rate is not available on such 
day, the last preceding AC USD Rate Calculation Business Day on which the relevant Alternative 
Currency USD FX Rate was most recently available, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“AC USD Rate Calculation Jurisdiction(s)” means the jurisdiction(s) that are relevant for determining 
whether a day is an AC USD Rate Calculation Business Day, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Alternative Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or any lawful 
successor currency to that currency). 
“Alternative Currency Equivalent” means, (i) where the Alternative Currency is U.S. dollars, in 
respect of an amount denominated in the Specified Currency, such amount converted into the Alternative 
Currency using the Alternative Currency FX Rate for the relevant Rate Calculation Date, all as

--- Page 205 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
198 
determined by the Calculation Agent, and (ii) where the Alternative Currency is a currency other than 
U.S. dollars, in respect of an amount denominated in the Specified Currency, such amount converted 
into the Alternative Currency by converting such amount into an amount expressed in U.S. dollars using 
the Alternative Currency FX Rate for the relevant Rate Calculation Date, and multiplying the resultant 
U.S. dollar amount by the Alternative Currency USD FX Rate for the relevant Rate Calculation Date, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Alternative Currency FX Rate” means the currency exchange rate at the Valuation Time on the AC 
Rate Calculation Date for foreign exchange transactions of the Specified Currency into U.S. dollars as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, taking into 
consideration all available information that it deems relevant. 
“Alternative Currency USD FX Rate” means the currency exchange rate at the Valuation Time on the 
AC USD Rate Calculation Date for foreign exchange transactions of U.S. dollars into the Alternative 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, taking into consideration all available information that it deems relevant. 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of the Specified Currency Jurisdiction. 
“Illiquidity” means (i) in respect of any payment obligation in respect of the Notes, foreign exchange 
markets for the Specified Currency becoming illiquid (including, without limitation, the existence of any 
significant price distortion) or unavailable as a result of which it is impossible or commercially 
impracticable for the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to obtain a sufficient amount of the Specified 
Currency in order to satisfy any such obligation or (ii) it becomes impossible or commercially 
impracticable to obtain a firm quote for exchange of the Specified Currency into the Alternative 
Currency.  
“Inconvertibility” means, in respect of any payment or obligation in respect of the Notes, the occurrence 
of any event that makes it impossible, illegal or commercially impracticable for the Issuer and/or any of 
its Affiliates to convert any amount due in respect of the Notes in the foreign exchange markets for the 
Specified Currency (including, without limitation, any event that has the direct or indirect effect of 
hindering, limiting or restricting convertibility by way of any delays, increased costs or discriminatory 
rates of exchange or any current or future restrictions on repatriation of one currency into another 
currency) other than where such impossibility, illegality or impracticability is due solely to the failure of 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any relevant 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation becomes effective on or after the Trade Date 
and it is impossible or commercially impracticable for the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, due to an 
event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation);  
“Non-Transferability” means, in respect of any payment obligation in respect of the Notes, the 
occurrence of any event that makes it impossible or commercially impracticable for the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates to deliver the Specified Currency in relation to any such payment obligation between 
accounts inside the Specified Currency Jurisdiction or between an account inside the Specified Currency 
Jurisdiction and an account outside the Specified Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such 
impossibility or impracticability is due solely to the failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to 
comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any relevant Governmental Authority (unless such 
law, rule or regulation becomes effective on or after the Trade Date and it is impossible or commercially

--- Page 206 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
199 
impracticable for the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, due to an event beyond its control, to comply 
with such law, rule or regulation).  
“Rate Calculation Date” means an AC Rate Calculation Date or an AC USD Rate Calculation Date; 
“Specified Currency Disruption Event” means, in respect of the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
Inconvertibility; 
(ii) 
Non-Transferability;  
(iii) 
Illiquidity; and 
(iv) 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Notes or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Specified Currency Jurisdiction” means the primary jurisdiction for which the Specified Currency is 
the lawful currency. 
12 Taxation 
(a) 
Tax Gross-Up 
If the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, all payments of principal and/or Interest Amounts in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or other charges of whatever nature imposed, levied or collected by 
or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction, or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order 
that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the respective amounts of principal and Interest Amounts which would otherwise have been 
receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
the Noteholder or Couponholder of which is liable for such taxes, duties, assessments or other 
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of such Noteholder or Couponholder having 
some connection with any Tax Jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges 
have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed (including, for the avoidance of doubt 
receiving payments in relation to the Note or Coupon by or through a paying agent established in 
any Tax Jurisdiction) other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment in any Tax Jurisdiction; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a Noteholder who would be able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or similar claim for 
exemption but fails to do so; or 
(iv) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day.

--- Page 207 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
200 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Terms and Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes 
by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding (i) imposed or required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or 
any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement 
between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal 
or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any 
such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”) or (ii) imposed as a result of the application 
of the provisions of Section 871(m) of the Code or any U.S. Treasury regulations or other administrative 
guidance published thereunder, or any successor or substitute legislation or provision of law (“871(m) 
Withholding”). In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to 
any amounts to be paid on the Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any “dividend equivalent” 
(as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments 
regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under 
applicable law. Payments on the Notes that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. 
securities that provide for dividend reinvestment may be calculated by reference to dividends on such 
U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70%. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment 
amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any 
dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. 
securities. Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in 
respect of FATCA Withholding or 871(m) Withholding. 
As used herein,  
(i) 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means (i) any jurisdiction under the laws of which, in respect of payments 
by the Issuer, the Issuer or, in respect of payments by the Guarantor, the Guarantor, or any 
successor thereto, is organised or (ii) any jurisdiction in which the Issuer or the Guarantor (as 
applicable), or any successor thereto, is resident for tax purposes; and 
(ii) 
the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to 
such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices). 
(b) 
No Tax Gross-Up 
If the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, 
withholding or other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and 
surrender for payment, or enforcement of any Note and all payments made by the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor shall be made subject to any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may 
be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
13 Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or Interest Amounts are 
made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of Interest Amounts) after 
the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 12(a)) therefor.

--- Page 208 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
201 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 4(b) or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 4(b). 
14 Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) should occur, the holder of this Note may, upon 
written notice of acceleration to the Agent, cause such Note to become due and payable at par (as described in 
Condition 5(a)), together with accrued interest thereon to the date of repayment, as of the date on which said 
notice of acceleration is received by the Agent, unless prior to such date the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be, shall have cured or otherwise made good such Event of Default in respect of the Notes: 
(i) 
default by the Issuer in the payment when due of the principal of or Interest Amounts on any of the Notes 
in respect of any Note or the delivery when due of any other amount in respect of any Note and the 
continuance of any such default for a period of 30 days after the due date; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer shall fail duly to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained in the 
Notes or the Guarantor shall fail to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained 
in the Guarantee relating to the Notes, in either case for a period of 90 days after the date on which 
written notice of such failure, requiring the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to remedy the 
same, shall first have been given to the Agent by the holder of any Note at the time outstanding; or 
(iii) 
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for winding up the Issuer or the Guarantor except for 
the purpose of a reconstruction or amalgamation and the entity resulting from such reconstruction or 
amalgamation assumes all the rights and obligations of, as the case may be, the Issuer (including its 
obligations under the Notes) or the Guarantor (including its obligations under the Guarantee); or 
(iv) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be unable to pay its debts or becomes insolvent or bankrupt or the 
Guarantor applies for a “gerechtelijke reorganisatie” or “faillissement” or any similar procedure shall be 
initiated in respect of the Issuer or the Guarantor unless it is being contested in good faith by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be; or 
(v) 
a distress, execution or other process is levied or enforced upon or sued out against all or any material 
part of the property of the Issuer or the Guarantor unless it is removed, discharged or paid out within 60 
days or is being contested in good faith by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be. 
15 Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16 Agent, Paying Agents and Calculation Agent Provisions 
(a) 
Agent and Paying Agent 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are 
set out below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that:

--- Page 209 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
202 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange (or any other relevant 
authority); and 
(ii) 
there will at all times be an Agent. 
(b) 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office 
in New York City in the circumstances described in the second paragraph of Condition 
4(d). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than 
in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor 
more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices).Calculation Agent Provisions 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act or exercise judgement, it will do so in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner. The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after making 
any determination pursuant to these Conditions, notify the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Noteholders of 
such determination. The Calculation Agent is not acting as a fiduciary for or as an advisor to the 
Noteholders in respect of its duties as Calculation Agent in connection with any Notes. 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event 
or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted 
to be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent pursuant to these Conditions shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Noteholders. In 
performing its duties pursuant to the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall act in its sole and absolute 
discretion. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise 
of any of its obligations or its discretion under the Notes including, without limitation, the giving of any 
notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or 
exercise of such obligation or discretion, and none of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor 
shall, in the absence of wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or 
consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or forbearance. 
17 Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Period End Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, 
the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and 
including) the final date for the payment of Interest Amounts due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) 
a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 13. 
18 Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (i), if and for so long as the 
Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, either in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
Luxembourg or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu, or (ii), in the case of Notes 
not listed on a stock exchange, in a daily newspaper of general circulation in such place or places as the Issuer 
may deem appropriate. It is expected that such publication will be made either in the Luxemburger Wort or the 
Tageblatt in Luxembourg or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu. The Issuer 
shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of 
any stock exchange (or other relevant authority) on which the Notes are for the time being admitted to trading.

--- Page 210 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
203 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication in accordance with the 
above provisions. 
Until such time as Definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Note(s) representing the Note(s) 
is or are held in its/their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such 
publication in such newspaper(s), the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange or any other applicable regulations so require, 
such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules or in such other manner as may be permitted by those rules. In the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, it is expected that such publication will be made either in the Luxemburger Wort or the 
Tageblatt in Luxembourg or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the seventh day after the day on which 
the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together with the 
relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice 
may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
may approve for this purpose. 
19 Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
use of a video-conference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including 
the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Guarantee, the 
Deed of Covenant or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or Noteholders holding not less than ten per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting, will be one or more persons holding or 
representing a majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so 
held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for 
payment of Interest Amounts thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum 
shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting, one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement 
provides that (a) a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement contained by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the persons voting 
thereat upon a show of hands or if a poll be duly demanded then by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per 
cent. of the votes given on such poll or (b) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, all as more fully 
described in the Agency Agreement, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders or pursuant to a resolution in writing shall 
be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they vote on such resolution, and on all Couponholders.

--- Page 211 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
204 
Without prejudice to Condition 3(g) (Benchmark Reference Rate replacement), the Agent and the Issuer may 
agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required, as 
mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; 
or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee or the Deed of 
Covenant which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to 
comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such modification 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
If the Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
adjustments and modifications cannot relate to an essential feature of the Notes and the Notes cannot be early 
redeemed by the Issuer, unless in the case of force majeure or an event which substantially alters the economics 
of the contract as initially agreed between the parties and for which the Issuer is not accountable. In addition, 
any adjustment or modification may not create a significant imbalance between the rights and obligations of 
the parties to the detriment of the Noteholder and the Issuer may not charge costs to the Noteholder for any 
such adjustment or modification. 
20 Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders to 
create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save 
for the amount and date of the first payment of Interest Amounts thereon and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
21 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from that Act. 
22 Bail-In  
(a) 
Acknowledgement 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of any Note or any other agreement, arrangement 
or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder which, for the purpose of this Condition 22, 
includes any current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of any Note, 
each Noteholder acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of any Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority in relation to any Noteholder under these Conditions, which may include and result 
in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction on a permanent basis of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into ordinary shares, other 
securities or obligations of the Issuer or another person and the issue to or conferral on the 
Noteholder of such ordinary shares, other instruments of ownership, other securities or

--- Page 212 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
205 
obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms 
of such Notes, in which case the holder of such Notes agrees to accept in lieu of its rights 
under such Notes any such ordinary shares, other instruments of ownership, other 
securities or obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(C) 
 the cancellation of the Notes; 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity date of the Notes amendments of the amount 
payable in respect of the Notes on the date on which such amount becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, as deemed necessary by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-In Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
Definitions 
For purposes of this Condition 22: 
“Amounts Due” means any amount payable under the Notes in accordance with these Conditions and 
the applicable Final Terms. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and 
payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
“Bail-In Powers” means any write-down conversion, transfer, modification or suspension or other 
power existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Belgium 
and Luxembourg, relating to (i) the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (as amended from time to time, “BRRD”) (and transposed into (i) 
Belgian Law by the law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions, and any 
other law or regulation relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU under Belgian law and (ii) 
Luxembourg Law by the Luxembourg act dated 18 December 2015 on the failure of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms, as amended, relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU under 
Luxembourg law), and (ii) Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 establishing uniform rules and uniform 
procedures for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a 
Single Resolution Mechanism and Single Resolution Fund (as amended from time to time, “SRM 
Regulation”), and in each case the instructions, rules, standards and policies created thereunder, 
pursuant to which: 
(i) 
any obligation of a bank or investment firm or other financial institution or affiliate of a bank, 
investment firm or other financial institution (a “Regulated Entity”), can be cancelled, reduced 
(in whole or in part), otherwise modified or converted into ordinary shares, other instruments 
of ownership, other securities or obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, (or 
suspended for a temporary period); and/or 
(ii) 
the maturity of any liability of a bank, investment firm or other financial institution can be 
amended or altered (including by suspending payment for a temporary period), 
whether in connection with the implementation of the bail-in tool following placement in resolution or 
in connection with write-down or conversion powers before a resolution proceeding is initiated. 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means any authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise 
of any Bail-In Powers from time to time.

--- Page 213 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
206 
(c) 
Payment of Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise 
of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at the time 
such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment would 
be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in Belgium, Luxembourg 
and the European Union applicable to the Issuer. 
(d) 
No Event of Default 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion 
thereof into ordinary shares, other instruments of ownership, other securities or obligations of the Issuer 
or another person, as a result of the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
with respect to the Notes will be an event of default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a 
contractual obligation, or entitle the holder of such Notes to any remedies (including equitable remedies) 
which are hereby expressly waived. 
The Conditions shall continue to apply in relation to the residual Amounts Due, subject to any 
modification of the amount of distributions payable to reflect the reduction of the Amounts Due, and any 
further modification of the terms that the Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations. 
(e) 
Notice to Noteholders 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, 
the Issuer will make available a written notice to the holders of such Notes in accordance with Condition 
18 (Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of Bail-In Power. The Issuer will also deliver 
a copy of such notice to the Paying Agent for informational purposes, although the Agent shall not be 
required to send such notice to the holders of such Notes. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice 
shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any Bail-In Powers nor the effects on the Notes 
described in Condition 22(a) above. 
(f) 
 Duties of the Paying Agents 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, (a) the Paying Agents 
shall not be required to take any directions from holders of Notes, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall 
impose no duties upon any of the Paying Agents whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of 
any Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, any Notes remain outstanding (for example, if the exercise of any Bail-
In Power results in only a partial write-down of the principal of the Notes), then the Paying Agents' 
duties under the Agency Agreement shall remain applicable with respect to the Notes following such 
completion to the extent that the Issuer and the Paying Agents shall agree pursuant to an amendment to 
the Agency Agreement. 
(g) 
Proration 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises any Bail-In Power with respect to less than the total 
Amounts Due, unless any of the Paying Agents is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the relevant Notes 
pursuant to any Bail-In Power will be made on a pro-rata basis.

--- Page 214 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
207 
(h) 
Conditions Exhaustive 
Each Noteholder acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees that the matters set forth in this Condition 
22 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements 
or understandings between the Issuer and any holder of Notes. 
23 Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes (except Condition 2(c)), the Guarantee (except 
Clause 6) and the Coupons (and, in each case, any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in 
connection therewith) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. Condition 
2(c) of the Notes, Clause 6 of the Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in 
connection therewith shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Belgian law. The 
provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial 
companies, as amended, are excluded.  
(b) 
Subject as provided in (d) below, the English courts have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle all disputes 
which may, directly or indirectly, arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes 
and/or the Coupons (including, in each case, any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising therefrom or in connection therewith) (a “Dispute”) and each of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
submits and each Noteholder (by its acquisition of a Note) is deemed to submit to the non-exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts. For the purposes of this Condition, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
waives and each Noteholder (by its acquisition of a Note) is deemed to waive any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(c) 
The Issuer appoints the Guarantor at its London branch at 111 Old Broad Street, London EC2N 1BR, 
England as its agent in England for service of process in any proceedings in England relating to the 
Notes and the Coupons, and undertakes that, in the event of the Guarantor ceasing so to act or ceasing 
to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England 
in respect of any Dispute in England. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any 
other manner permitted by law.  
(d) 
To the extent that any proceedings in respect of the Notes involve consumers (as such term is used in 
Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 on 
jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the 
“Brussels Recast Regulation”)), notwithstanding Condition 23(b), each of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
agree that it will be required to, and such consumers may, in respect of any Dispute in respect of the 
Notes, take proceedings in the jurisdictions specified in Article 18 of the Brussels Recast Regulation.

--- Page 215 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
208 
ANNEX 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
PART A: Overview 
The following section answers some questions that prospective investors might have regarding the Credit Linked 
Notes, in general terms only. It does not contain all the information which may be important to prospective 
investors, and is not intended to be a substitute for nor a summary of the Conditions of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Any decision to invest in the Credit Linked Notes should only be made after careful consideration of this Base 
Prospectus and the Conditions (including the Credit Linked Conditions), as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. In addition, prospective investors should consult with their investment, legal, accounting, tax and other 
advisors with respect to any investment in the Credit Linked Notes. 
Capitalised terms in relation to the following questions and answers shall have the meaning given to them in 
the Credit Linked Conditions. 
What are Credit Linked Notes? 
Credit Linked Notes are debt securities, the value of which is linked to the credit risk of one or more Reference 
Entities. The amount of interest and principal which investors will receive on the Credit Linked Notes is 
dependent on whether certain Credit Events occur in respect of any relevant Reference Entity to which the 
Credit Linked Notes are linked.  
In purchasing the Credit Linked Notes, investors are assuming credit risk exposure to each Reference Entity 
(and possible successors thereof). A Credit Linked Note is broadly intended to give the investor access to a 
credit default swap referencing certain Reference Entit(y)(ies) in funded format. Therefore, many of the features 
and risks applicable to a market standard credit default swap referencing the relevant Reference Entit(y)(ies) 
will be equally applicable to the Credit Linked Notes. 
What is credit risk?  
Credit risk with respect to a Reference Entity is the risk that the Reference Entity fails to perform its obligations 
under certain types of transactions of the Reference Entity. This is generally (but not exclusively) as a result of 
a deterioration in its financial condition. 
For the Credit Linked Notes, the credit risk is in relation to a broad range of transactions of one or more 
Reference Entities, and may extend to any borrowed money obligations of the Reference Entity. Borrowed 
money obligations would include any loan agreements entered into by the Reference Entity and any debt 
securities issued by the Reference Entity.  
What is the difference between the Credit Linked Notes and an ordinary debt security? 
The Credit Linked Notes are similar to an ordinary debt security in that they provide the investor with a regular 
stream of interest payments (other than in the case of zero coupon Credit Linked Notes) and the return of par 
on maturity in the ordinary course. However, the Credit Linked Notes have the added feature not present in 
ordinary debt securities of an exposure to the credit risk of one or more Reference Entities. If a Credit Event 
occurs in relation to a Reference Entity, an investor may lose all or part of its investment in the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
The amount of interest and principal which an investor receives will depend on whether a Credit Event occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity and whether an Event Determination Date occurs as a result. If no Event 
Determination Date has occurred then the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed at the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount on the Maturity Date. If an Event Determination Date occurs, unless Credit Payment on 
Maturity applies, the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed early at the relevant

--- Page 216 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
209 
Redemption Amount (which is likely to be less than the par value of the Credit Linked Notes and may even be 
zero) (see further and “What are Noteholders paid if the Credit Linked Notes redeem early due to the occurrence 
of a Credit Event?” below), with no further payment of principal on the Applicable Proportion of the Credit 
Linked Notes (see further “What is an Event Determination Date?” and “What are Noteholders paid if the 
Credit Linked Notes redeem early due to the occurrence of a Credit Event?” below). Interest will cease to accrue 
on the Credit Linked Notes (or the Applicable Proportion where they are to redeem in part) from and including 
(i) the Event Determination Date, or (ii) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Event 
Determination Date or, if there have not been any previous Interest Payment Dates, from and including the 
Issue Date depending on the relevant election in the Final Terms. 
What is the difference between the Credit Linked Notes and a bond issued by the Reference Entity? 
The Credit Linked Notes give the investor exposure to the credit risk of the Reference Entity without having to 
own a bond or other type of debt obligation of such Reference Entity. The Reference Entity itself is not a party 
to and has no direct involvement in the Credit Linked Notes and an investor will not be able to claim against 
the Reference Entity or Issuer for any losses it suffers from a Credit Event of the Reference Entity. The Issuer 
is not obliged to hold any obligation of the Reference Entity or otherwise have credit risk exposure to the 
Reference Entity.  
How do changes in share prices of any Reference Entity affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes? 
Taking credit risk on the Reference Entity by purchasing Notes is different from taking equity risk by investing 
in shares of the Reference Entity. There are a number of reasons for this. For example: 
(a) 
credit derivatives reference debt obligations of the Reference Entity, and a Reference Entity must 
generally pay amounts due to the creditors on these debt obligations before paying dividends or capital 
to shareholders; 
(b) 
the obligations of the Reference Entity referenced by the Credit Linked Notes consist of bonds and other 
debt; holders of this type of debt will generally rank ahead of holders of ordinary shares in the insolvency 
of a Reference Entity, and so may have (but are not guaranteed) a higher rate of recovery of moneys due 
to them; 
(c) 
because the Credit Linked Notes reference these debt obligations, the market value of the Credit Linked 
Notes is related to (although not necessarily equal to) the value of these debt obligations; and 
(d) 
there is no direct link between share prices and the value of the Credit Linked Notes. 
However, in some circumstances, changes in the share price of the Reference Entity may result in or from, at a 
general level, a change in the market value of its debt and vice versa. 
What are Single Name Credit Linked Notes? 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of only one Reference 
Entity specified in the applicable Final Terms. If a Credit Event and an Event Determination Date occur then 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full (or may be redeemed in part following the 
occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event (see further “What are Noteholders paid if the Credit 
Linked notes are partially redeemed following a Restructuring Credit Event?”)) either:  
(a) 
if “Cash Redemption” applies, by payment of the Cash Redemption Amount, being an amount calculated 
as equal to the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the lesser of (a) the product of (x) the Applicable Proportion of 
the Single Name Credit Linked Note and (y) the Final Price, taking into consideration any positive or 
negative effects of any Unwind Costs (if applicable) and (b) the Applicable Proportion of the Note; or 
(b) 
if “Auction Redemption” applies, by payment of the Auction Redemption Amount, being an amount 
calculated as equal to the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the lesser of (a) the product of (x) the Applicable 
Proportion of the Single Name Credit Linked Note and (y) the Auction Final Price, taking into

--- Page 217 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
210 
consideration any positive or negative effects of any Unwind Costs (if applicable) and (b) the Applicable 
Proportion of the Single Name Credit Linked Note. 
If “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, payment of the Cash Redemption Amount or Auction Redemption 
Amount (calculated as described above) in respect of the Applicable Proportion of the Single Name Credit 
Linked Note will only occur on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
What are Basket Credit Linked Notes? 
Basket Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of either: (i) a basket of 
Reference Entities specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (ii) the component Reference Entities of an index 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Basket Credit Linked Notes are exposed to the credit risk of each 
Reference Entity in proportion to the weighting specified for such Reference Entity in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
If a Credit Event and an Event Determination Date occurs in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the 
basket or index (as applicable), then each Basket Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in part in proportion to 
the weighting of the affected Reference Entity: 
(a) 
if “Cash Redemption” applies, by payment of the Basket Cash Redemption Amount, being an 
amount calculated using the method for calculating the Cash Redemption Amount as described 
under “What are Single Name Credit Linked Notes?” above; or 
(b) 
if “Auction Redemption” applies, by payment of the Basket Auction Redemption Amount, being an 
amount calculated using the method for calculating the Auction Redemption Amount as described 
under “What are Single Name Credit Linked Notes?” above. 
The remaining portion of each Basket Credit Linked Note will remain outstanding and will be redeemed at 
maturity at its pro rata share of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount, subject to the occurrence of a 
Credit Event in respect of another Reference Entity in the basket or index (as applicable). 
If “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, payment of the Basket Cash Redemption Amount or Basket Auction 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Applicable Proportion of the Basket Credit Linked Notes will only occur 
on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
What are Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of the component 
Reference Entities of an index specified in the applicable Final Terms and the losses accruing to a specified 
tranche of such index. The Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference 
Entity in proportion to the weighting specified for such Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms.  
The applicable Final Terms will specify the Attachment Point of the tranche the Detachment Point of the tranche 
and a Leverage percentage, which acts as a multiplier in respect of the losses and recoveries incurred within the 
tranche. 
If the aggregate Loss Amounts incurred in respect of the Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes (the Loss Amount 
being 100% minus the Auction Final Price (if Auction Redemption applies) or Final Price (if Cash Redemption 
applies)) are greater than the Loss Threshold Amount, then each Index Tranche Credit Linked Note will be 
redeemed in part in proportion to the weighting of the affected Reference Entity by payment of the Index 
Tranche Redemption Amount, being an amount calculated as equal to the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the lesser 
of (a) the Index Tranche Levered Incurred Recovery Amount, taking into consideration any positive or negative 
effects of any Unwind Costs (if applicable) and (b) the Applicable Proportion of the Index Tranche Credit 
Linked Note.

--- Page 218 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
211 
The Index Tranche Levered Incurred Recovery Amount is equal to the lower of (i) the Recovery Amount (being 
the Auction Final Price (if Auction Redemption applies) and the Final Price (if Cash Redemption applies)) in 
respect of the affected Reference Entity, (ii) the aggregate of all Recovery Amounts incurred to date less the 
Recovery Threshold Amount, and (iii) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount, multiplied by the 
Leverage. 
If a Credit Event and an Event Determination Date occur in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the 
index, then each Index Tranche Credit Linked Note will be reduced by the Index Tranche Credit Linked Note’s 
pro rata share of the sum of the Loss Amount and the Recovery Amount (being the Auction Final Price (if 
Auction Redemption applies) or Final Price (if Cash Redemption applies)) for the relevant Reference Entity in 
respect of which the Credit Event has occurred. 
The remaining portion of each Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed at maturity at their pro 
rata share of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount, subject to the occurrence of a Credit Event in respect 
of another Reference Entity in the index. 
If “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, payment of the Index Tranche Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Applicable Proportion of the Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes will only occur on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
What are Unwind Costs? 
The amount payable or deliverable after the occurrence of a Credit Event may be adjusted by an amount, 
determined by the Calculation Agent, relating to the costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or its affiliates 
in redeeming the Notes early or terminating, obtaining or re-establishing any related funding, hedging or trading 
position in connection with the Notes as a result of a Credit Event occurring. Such amount may be positive (and 
so deducted from the relevant Redemption Amount payable to the Noteholder) or negative (and so added to the 
relevant Redemption Amount payable to the Noteholder). 
What is a Credit Event? 
A Credit Event is, broadly speaking, an event which is regarded as being indicative of a default or material 
decline in the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity.  
Credit Events are determined by reference to the relevant Reference Entity itself and certain eligible types of 
obligations of such Reference Entity which, in relation to the Credit Linked Notes, may include any loans, debt 
securities or other borrowed money obligations of the Reference Entity (owed to any investor which may not 
be related to the Issuer or the Credit Linked Notes) (“Obligations”).  
The Credit Events relevant to the Credit Linked Notes may include any of the following events with respect to 
the Reference Entity, as specified or elected in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
Failure to Pay: a failure by the Reference Entity to pay amounts when due under its Obligations, where 
the failure to pay relates to an amount greater than a pre-determined minimum amount; 
(b) 
Bankruptcy: a bankruptcy or insolvency procedure in respect of the Reference Entity;  
(c) 
Restructuring: a restructuring of a pre-determined minimum amount in relation to an Obligation of the 
Reference Entity which amends key terms of that Obligation as to repayment of principal or payment of 
interest thereunder; 
(d) 
Obligation Acceleration: the acceleration of one or more Obligations of the Reference Entity before it 
would otherwise be due and payable in respect of a pre-determined minimum amount; 
(e) 
Obligation Default: one or more Obligations of the Reference Entity in respect of a pre-determined 
minimum amount becomes capable of being declared due and payable before it would otherwise be due 
and payable;

--- Page 219 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
212 
(f) 
Repudiation/Moratorium: the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority repudiates one or more 
Obligations in respect of a pre-determined minimum amount or imposes a moratorium in respect of one 
or more Obligations in respect of such minimum amount and a failure to pay under or a restructuring of 
such Obligation(s) subsequently occurs within a specified time period; or 
(g) 
Governmental Intervention: an event which would result in the reduction or deferral of payment of 
principal or interest or change in ranking of priority in, an expropriation of or the mandatory cancellation, 
conversion or exchange of an Obligation as the result of an action taken or announcement made by a 
Governmental Authority. 
When does a Credit Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Credit Linked Notes?  
If a relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee resolves that a Credit Event has occurred in relation 
to any Reference Entity or an Obligation thereof (see further “What are the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees and how do they affect the Credit Linked Notes?” below), such Credit Event must have occurred 
during the period from and including the date that is sixty calendar days prior to the date on which it first 
received a request to resolve whether or not such Credit Event has occurred (the “Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date”) to and including the Scheduled Maturity Date (subject to extension in certain circumstances). 
However, if the Issuer determines that a Credit Event has occurred in relation to any Reference Entity or an 
Obligation thereof and delivers a Credit Event Notice to the Agent to that effect, when the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee is not going to consider the same, such Credit Event must have occurred 
during the period from sixty calendar days prior to the earlier of the effective delivery date of such Credit Event 
Notice and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date (subject to extension in certain circumstances). 
Can a Credit Event occur prior to the Issue Date?  
Yes. A Credit Event may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and may even occur prior to 
the applicable Trade Date. 
Noteholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the Reference Entity 
by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to ISDA prior to the Trade Date to 
determine whether a Credit Event has occurred with respect to the Reference Entity, details of such request may 
be found on the ISDA website at http://dc.isda.org/.  
What is an Event Determination Date? 
In order for Notes to be redeemed following a Credit Event, it is necessary for a relevant Event Determination 
Date to have occurred. Depending on the circumstances, this may be the date on which a notice describing the 
occurrence of the Credit Event has been delivered by the Issuer to the Agent (together with, if applicable, a 
notice containing publicly available information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event), or the date on 
which, amongst other things, it is publicly announced that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will 
be convened to determine if a certain Credit Event has occurred.  
Can an Event Determination Date only occur if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
determines that one has occurred?  
No. The Issuer may also deliver a Credit Event Notice to the Agent in relation to the Credit Event triggering an 
Event Determination Date. Such notice may be delivered at any time within the Notice Delivery Period 
including where a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved that a Credit Event has 
occurred. 
What interest payments will Noteholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event? 
On the occurrence of a Credit Event, interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Note as 
at the Interest Suspension Accrual Date. The Interest Suspension Accrual Date is the earlier of the day prior to 
(i) the Scheduled Maturity Date or (ii) the Interest Payment Date immediately prior to the Event Determination

--- Page 220 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
213 
Date or the Event Determination, according to the election made in the Final Terms. Interest will continue to 
accrue as before the Credit Event on the remaining portion (if any) of each Note, subject to the occurrence of 
further Credit Events. 
From the Interest Suspension Accrual Date, the Recovery Amount (being the Auction Recovery Amount, Cash 
Recovery Amount, Basket Auction Recovery Amount, Basket Cash Recovery Amount or Index Tranche 
Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable) shall accrue interest at the Funding Interest Rate. If Credit Payment 
upon Maturity does not apply, interest shall accrue on the Recovery Amount until the Cash Redemption Date, 
Auction Redemption Date, Basket Cash Redemption Date, Basket Auction Redemption Date, Index Tranche 
Cash Redemption Date or Index Tranche Auction Redemption Date (as applicable). If Credit Payment upon 
Maturity does apply, Interest shall accrue on the Recovery Amount until the Auction Final Price (if Auction 
Redemption is applicable) or Final Price (if Cash Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption is applicable) is 
determined. From the date on which the Auction Final Price or Final Price is determined, the aggregate of all 
Recovery Amounts calculated to date will accrue interest at the Funding Interest Rate until the Notes are 
redeemed. 
The Issuer may also elect in the Final Terms to pay interest at the Funding Interest Rate on the Loss Amount 
(being the Auction Loss Amount, Cash Loss Amount, Basket Auction Loss Amount, Basket Cash Loss Amount 
or Index Tranche Incurred Loss Amount, as applicable) from the Interest Suspension Accrual Date until the date 
on which the Auction Final Price (if Auction Redemption is applicable) or Final Price (if Cash Redemption or 
Fixed Recovery Redemption is applicable) is determined. 
Funding Interest Rate is a rate per annum, which shall be specified in the Final Terms, and is based on the 
cost to the Issuer if it were to fund the amount on which such interest is accruing. 
What interest payments will Noteholders receive after the occurrence of a DC Credit Event Question? 
If a DC Credit Event Question is made in respect of which a DC Resolution (including, but not limited to, a DC 
Credit Event Announcement or a DC No Credit Event Announcement) has not been published at least five 
Business Days prior to any Interest Payment Date, the payment of interest in respect of the Applicable 
Proportion of the Notes scheduled to be paid to Noteholders on or about such Interest Payment Date will be 
suspended. The suspended interest will be paid to Noteholders on the Interest Suspension Payment Date. The 
Interest Suspension Payment Date is, depending on the election made in the Final Terms, either: (i) five Business 
Days after the date on which the Auction Final Price (if Auction Redemption is applicable) or Final Price (if 
Cash Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption is applicable) is determined or the date it is determined that 
no Credit Event has occurred, as applicable; or (ii) the Interest Payment Date immediately following the date 
which is five Business Days after the date on which the Auction Final Price (if Auction Redemption is 
applicable) or Final Price (if Cash Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption is applicable) is determined or 
the date it is determined that no Credit Event has occurred, as applicable. 
What are Noteholders paid if the Credit Linked Notes redeem early due to the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date? 
If the Credit Linked Notes redeem early due to the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, either in part or 
in full, Noteholders will be paid their pro rata share of the relevant Redemption Amount (see further “What are 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes”, “What are Basket Credit Linked Notes?” and “What are Index Tranche 
Credit Linked Notes?”). 
What are Noteholders paid if the Credit Linked Notes redeem early for reasons other than the 
occurrence of an Event Determination Date? 
If the Credit Linked Notes redeem early due to the occurrence of an event other than an Event Determination 
Date, Noteholders will be paid their pro rata share of the applicable Early Redemption Amount.

--- Page 221 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
214 
What are Noteholders paid if the Credit Linked Notes are not redeemed early? 
If no Event Determination Date has occurred, and provided that the Credit Linked Notes are not otherwise 
redeemed early, repurchased or cancelled, each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full on the Maturity 
Date (which may in certain circumstances have been extended). 
When will each of Auction Redemption and Cash Redemption apply? 
If the Credit Linked Notes redeem early due to the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that Auction Redemption will not apply for certain specified reasons (in which 
case, Cash Redemption shall apply), Auction Redemption shall apply in respect of the Credit Linked Notes and, 
as such, an Auction Final Price will be determined (see further “What is the Auction Final Price” below). Where 
Cash Redemption applies, a Final Price shall be determined (see further “What is the Final Price” below). 
What is the Auction Final Price? 
The Auction Final Price is the settlement amount calculated in relation to a Credit Event with respect to any 
Reference Entity where Auction Redemption applies. Such amount is taken into account in calculating the 
relevant Redemption Amount that is payable to the Noteholders on an early redemption of the Credit Linked 
Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
The relevant Redemption Amount will be determined by reference to a price (the Auction Final Price) 
determined by way of a credit derivatives auction sponsored by ISDA (an “Auction”). The Auction will involve 
a bidding process by institutions participating in the relevant Auction, pursuant to a bidding procedure set by 
ISDA, to establish the value of the eligible obligations (the “Deliverable Obligations”) of the relevant 
Reference Entity (which may be Assets comprising the Asset Package, if applicable). The Issuer may act as a 
participating bidder in any such Auction and may submit bids and offers with respect to the Deliverable 
Obligations of the affected Reference Entity.  
Deliverable Obligations mean obligations of the affected Reference Entity which satisfy certain specified 
“Deliverable Obligation Categories” and “Deliverable Obligation Characteristics”. 
The auction price is likely to be lower than the par value of the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity 
and will be reflective of a loss experienced by the holder of such Deliverable Obligations. Moreover, the price 
is likely to reflect the lowest prevailing market value of any Deliverable Obligation. The lower the Auction 
Final Price, the lower the relevant Redemption Amount paid to Noteholders on an early redemption of the Credit 
Linked Notes. 
What is the Final Price? 
The Final Price is the settlement amount calculated in relation to a Credit Event with respect to any Reference 
Entity where Cash Redemption applies. Such amount is taken into account in calculating the relevant 
Redemption Amount that is payable to the Noteholders on an early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event.  
The Final Price will be determined based on the price of certain eligible obligations (“Valuation Obligations”) 
of the Reference Entity on a specified date following the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to such 
Reference Entity. With respect to the Credit Linked Notes, the eligible obligations shall be one or more 
obligations, as selected by the Issuer that are a Reference Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable 
Obligation as at the particular observation time in accordance with elections made in the relevant Final Terms, 
or if applicable, are Assets comprising the Asset Package. The price of such eligible obligations will be 
determined on the basis of bid quotations received from third party dealers. The Issuer will be entitled to select 
the cheapest Valuation Obligations for valuation. This could decrease the Final Price and, as a result, reduce the 
relevant Cash Redemption Amount payable to Noteholders on an early redemption.

--- Page 222 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
215 
What is Fixed Recovery Redemption? 
If “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is specified as applicable then, following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
and an Event Determination Date, the amount payable on redemption on the relevant Redemption Date shall be 
calculated as set out in “What are Single Name Credit Linked Notes?”, “What are Basket Credit Linked Notes?” 
and “What are Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes?” above, provided that instead of the Auction Final Price or 
Final Price, as the case may be, the “Fixed Recovery Percentage” set out in the applicable Final Terms shall 
apply, which may be zero. 
Why might the Credit Linked Notes be partially redeemed following a Restructuring Credit Event and 
what will Noteholders be paid? 
Where a Restructuring Credit Event occurs and it constitutes an M(M)R Restructuring, a number of Credit 
Event Notices may be served, with each notice specifying the amount of the obligations in respect of which 
settlement is to take place. The transaction continues in effect in respect of the remaining portion of the 
obligations, so that one or more Credit Event Notices may be served later. Indeed, further notice may be served 
even if the Credit Event specified is the same Restructuring as the one originally relied upon. In this way, 
valuations can be made in relation to the proportion of the obligations of the Reference Entity which are 
available to acquire in the market (and so can be valued) and the Issuer is able to provide further notices if and 
when additional obligations become available in the market. 
Accordingly, if a Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, and it constitutes 
an M(M)R Restructuring, the Issuer may elect to trigger a partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in 
respect thereof. The Issuer has sole discretion to decide whether it will exercise a partial redemption of such 
Notes. The amount payable to Noteholders will reflect such partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. 
What are Noteholders paid if the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following a Restructuring 
Credit Event?  
If a Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, and it constitutes an M(M)R 
Restructuring, the Issuer may elect to trigger a partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in respect thereof. 
The Issuer has sole discretion to decide whether it will exercise a partial redemption of such Notes. The amount 
payable to Noteholders will reflect such partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. 
When are Noteholders paid if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies? 
If “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, payment of the relevant Redemption Amount will only occur on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (see further “What are Single Name Credit Linked Notes?”, “What are Basket Credit 
Linked Notes?” and “What are Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes?”). 
What is the Applicable Proportion? 
The Applicable Proportion for determining the amount payable on redemption or partial redemption of a Credit 
Linked Note and/or for determining the portion on the Credit Linked Notes on which interest ceases to accrue 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event will be the Applicable Percentage multiplied by the Specified 
Denomination of such Credit Linked Note. 
The Applicable Percentage means in respect of a Credit Event: 
(a) 
if the Credit Linked Note is a Single Name Credit Linked Note and the relevant Credit Event is not an 
M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, 100 per cent.; 
(b) 
if the Credit Linked Note is a Basket Credit Linked Note and the relevant Credit Event is not an 
M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, an amount equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of 
the Reference Entity to which the relevant Credit Event or the relevant redemption relates divided 
by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Basket Credit Linked Notes;

--- Page 223 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
216 
(c) 
if the Credit Linked Note is an Index Tranche Note and the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R 
Restructuring Credit Event, an amount equal to the Principal Writedown Amount for the Reference 
Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes; or 
(d) 
if the Credit Event is an “M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event”, an amount equal to the relevant 
Exercise Amount specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference 
Entity and Credit Event divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
What are the Financial Reference Entity Terms? 
Where the Reference Obligation is a senior obligation and, if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” has been 
specified as applicable, if a Credit Event would only affect the subordinated obligations of the relevant obligor, 
a Credit Event will not be triggered in respect of such senior obligation. 
What is Asset Package Delivery? 
If (a) a Restructuring Credit Event (which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention) or a Governmental 
Intervention Credit Event occurs with respect to a senior obligation, or (b) a Restructuring Credit Event occurs 
with respect to a Sovereign, such a Credit Event will constitute an “Asset Package Credit Event”. In those 
circumstances, (unless, in respect of a Sovereign Reference Entity, Asset Package Delivery has been specified 
not to apply in the relevant Final Terms), the obligations or assets used to determine the Final Auction Price or 
Value of the Valuation Obligations, as the case may be (i.e. the “Asset Package”), will be those assets received 
or retained by a Relevant Holder after the relevant Credit Event by reference to: 
(i) 
in respect of (a) above, either an obligation of the Reference Entity which existed immediately prior to 
the Asset Package Credit Event which would have constituted a Deliverable Obligation, or the Reference 
Obligation (i.e. a “Prior Deliverable Obligation”); or 
(ii) 
in respect of (b) above, a benchmark obligation of the relevant Sovereign identified as such by ISDA 
and published on its website which immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event would have 
constituted a Deliverable Obligation (i.e. a “Package Observable Bond”). 
What is ISDA? 
The International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) is a trade organisation of participants in 
the market for over-the-counter derivatives. It is headquartered in New York, and is responsible for creating 
standardised contracts such as the ISDA Master Agreement and the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
and a wide range of related documentation, that are used to enter into derivatives transactions. Definitions, 
confirmations and other documents and information published by ISDA are available on ISDA’s website: 
http://www2.isda.org/. Certain publications are available free of charge while others are available to subscribers 
of the website only. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, ISDA has over 960 member institutions from 78 countries. These members 
include a broad range of OTC derivatives market participants. 
What are the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and how do they affect the Credit Linked 
Notes?  
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees were established by ISDA in March 2009 to make 
determinations that are relevant to the majority of the credit derivatives market and to promote transparency 
and consistency.

--- Page 224 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
217 
Prospective Noteholders should note that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has the power to 
make binding decisions which the Calculation Agent may determine are applicable for the purposes of the 
Credit Linked Notes on critical issues, including: 
(a) 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and an Event Determination Date;  
(b) 
whether one or more Auctions will be held in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit Event 
has occurred and the price determined in such Auction; 
(c) 
if one or more Auctions is to be held, what Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity will be used 
for the purposes of determining the price for each such Auction; and 
(d) 
the occurrence of a “Succession Event” and the identity of any “Successors”. 
Consequently, Noteholders will be bound by any such relevant decisions determined to be applicable to the 
Credit Linked Notes and the payments on the Credit Linked Notes and the timing of any such payments may 
be affected by such decisions or determinations. Questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and the results of binding votes will be published on http://www2.isda.org/. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are regional and there is a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee for each of the following five regions: the Americas, Asia (excluding Japan), 
Australia and New Zealand, Europe, the Middle East and Africa and Japan.  
The proceedings of each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be governed by rules published 
from time to time by ISDA. A copy of such rules is available as at the date of this Issue Memorandum free of 
charge at http://www2.isda.org/. 
Each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is composed of fifteen voting members and three non-
voting consultative members. Ten of the voting members are dealer institutions, with eight serving across all 
regions and two potentially varying by region. The other five voting members are non-dealer institutions that 
serve across all regions. The three non-voting consultative members consist of one dealer institution and one 
non-dealer institution that serve across all regions and one dealer institution that could potentially vary by 
region.  
Is it possible to change a Reference Entity?  
The Reference Entity may not be changed unless a “Successor” determination has been made with respect to 
the Reference Entity on or after the “Successor Backstop Date” (or, in the case of a “Universal Successor”, on 
or after 1 January 2014).  
A “Universal Successor” means, with respect to any Reference Entity, the single entity which assumes all of 
the obligations (including at least one relevant bond or loan) of the Reference Entity and at the time of the 
determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process 
of being dissolved (however described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any borrowed 
money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption. 
What is a “Successor” to the Reference Entity and how can succession affect the Credit Linked Notes?  
If the DC Secretary publicly announces that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved that 
a different entity or entities has or have become successor(s) to the original Reference Entity to which the Credit 
Linked Notes are linked, then such entity may be identified as a “Successor” to the original Reference Entity. 
The Calculation Agent may also, following a Succession Event, identify an entity or entities as a successor(s) 
to the original Reference Entity.  
The identity of the original Reference Entity will be treated as having been amended accordingly for the 
purposes of the Credit Linked Notes so that, following the determination or announcement of a “Successor”,

--- Page 225 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
218 
the Credit Linked Notes will be linked to the credit risk of the Successor. The credit risk associated with a 
Successor or Successors may be different from and could be greater than the credit risk associated with the 
original Reference Entity. 
The events which may lead to the determination or announcement of a Successor may occur at any time from 
and including the “Successor Backstop Date” (or, in the case of a “Universal Successor”, on or after 1 January 
2014), which is a rolling date that is: 
(a) 
if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee receives a request to resolve whether or not there is 
one or more Successors to the Reference Entity, 90 calendar days prior to the date of such request; or 
(b) 
otherwise, 90 calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which notice of the occurrence of a 
succession delivered by the Issuer to the Agent is effective, (ii) where a Credit Derivatives Determination 
Committee receives a request to resolve whether or not there is one or more successors to the References 
but has resolved not to make a successor determination and the notice of the occurrence of a succession 
is delivered by the Issuer to the Agent no more than 14 calendar days after the day on which the DC 
Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determination Committee has resolved 
not to make a successor determination, the date that the request to resolve whether or not there is one or 
more successors to the Reference Entity was received.  
Can a succession occur prior to the Issue Date? 
Yes. A succession may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and may even occur prior to the 
Trade Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Successor Backstop Date may fall prior to the Trade Date 
and, accordingly, a succession may occur prior to the Trade Date. 
Noteholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the Reference Entity 
by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to convene a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee prior to the Trade Date to determine whether a succession has occurred with respect 
to the Reference Entity, details of such request may be found on the ISDA website http://dc.isda.org/.

--- Page 226 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
219 
PART B: Credit Linked Conditions 
The following are the conditions (the “Credit Linked Conditions”) that will apply to the Notes (the “Credit 
Linked Notes”) if the relevant Final Terms indicate that “Credit Linked Notes” are applicable. These Credit 
Linked Conditions apply as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of any inconsistency between 
these Credit Linked Conditions and the Conditions, these Credit Linked Conditions will prevail. 
Words and expressions defined or used in the relevant Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used 
in these Credit Linked Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. All 
capitalised terms that are not defined in these Credit Linked Conditions or elsewhere in the Conditions 
applicable to the Credit Linked Notes will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. 
References in these Credit Linked Conditions to “Credit Linked Notes” are to the Credit Linked Notes, as the 
case may be, of one Series only, not to all Credit Linked Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
Unless otherwise specified, references in these Credit Linked Conditions to a Credit Linked Condition are to 
the corresponding provision of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
1 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Redemption on the Maturity Date 
Unless the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, 
provided that a Relevant Event Determination Date has not occurred and subject to Maturity Date 
Extension pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 9 (Maturity Date Extension), the Credit Linked Notes 
shall be redeemed in full on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if a Relevant Credit Event and a Relevant Event 
Determination Date have occurred, with respect to: 
(i) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will redeem such Notes (in whole or in part) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes); 
(ii) 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will redeem such Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 4 (Basket Credit Linked Notes); and 
(iii) 
Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will redeem such Notes (in whole or in part) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 5 (Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes), 
in each case subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Effect of DC Announcements). 
2 
Interest on Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Accrual of Interest 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question), interest (if any) shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Condition 3 (Interest) (as completed by the relevant Final Terms), 
subject to Credit Linked Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Basket Credit Linked Notes) 
and 5 (Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes). 
For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue on any Note after the Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 227 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
220 
(b) 
Accrual of Interest on Credit Event 
If a Relevant Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity during the Notice 
Delivery Period but prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in Condition 3 (Interest), with respect to: 
(i) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, interest will accrue on such Notes in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes); 
(ii) 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, interest will accrue on such Notes in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 4 (Basket Credit Linked Notes); and 
(iii) 
Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes, interest will accrue on such Notes in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 5 (Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes). 
(c) 
Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question 
Subject to Credit Linked Conditions 2(d) (Payment of Suspended Interest following an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question), if an Applicable DC Credit Event Question is made in respect of which a DC 
Resolution (including, but not limited to, a DC Credit Event Announcement or a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement) has not been published at least five Business Days prior to any Interest Payment Date, 
the payment of interest (if any) in respect of the maximum possible Applicable Proportion that could 
arise as a result of the Credit Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of each Note scheduled to 
be paid to Noteholders on or about such Interest Payment Date will be suspended. 
(d) 
Payment of Suspended Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question 
If, in connection with an Applicable DC Credit Event Question: 
(i) 
an Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement or an Applicable DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal is made, any payments of interest suspended under Credit Linked Condition 2(c) 
(Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question), shall be paid on the 
Interest Suspension Payment Date; 
(ii) 
an Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement is made but the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Event Determination Date relating thereto is a date falling fewer than five Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date or later, any payments of interest suspended under Credit 
Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question), shall be paid on the Interest Suspension Payment Date; 
(iii) 
an Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement is made and the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Event Determination Date relating thereto is a date falling at least five Business Days 
prior to such Interest Payment Date: 
(A) 
any payments of interest suspended under Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of 
Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question), in respect of interest that 
would have accrued in accordance with Condition 3 (Interest) from, and including, the 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the date on which the Applicable DC Credit 
Event Question was made to, but excluding, the Interest Suspension Accrual Date, shall 
be paid on the Interest Suspension Payment Date; and 
(E) 
the accrual of interest from, and including, the Interest Suspension Accrual Date to, but 
excluding, the date on which such interest is paid will be determined in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 3(a), 4(a) or 5(a) (Accrual of Interest on Credit Event) (as 
applicable).

--- Page 228 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
221 
(e) 
Adjustment Payments in respect of Suspended Interest 
No additional amount in respect of interest and no adjustment shall be made to the amount of any 
interest in connection with the delay or postponement of any payment of interest pursuant to Credit 
Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question). 
(f) 
Notice of Suspended Interest 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 20 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable should any payment of interest on their Notes 
be suspended pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 2 (Interest on Credit Linked Notes). 
3 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes) shall not apply to Basket 
Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Accrual of Interest on Credit Event 
(i) 
Credit Payment on Maturity Not Applicable 
(A) 
If Credit Payment on Maturity does not apply and a Relevant Event Determination Date 
has occurred during the Notice Delivery Period but prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date 
then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Condition 3 (Interest), interest will cease 
to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note as at the 
Interest Suspension Accrual Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest will continue to accrue on any remaining portion of 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note in accordance with Condition 3 (Interest) until the 
earlier of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) the Auction Redemption Date or Cash 
Redemption Date (as applicable). 
(B) 
If neither Principal Protection nor Credit Payment on Maturity does not apply and Credit 
Linked Condition 3(a)(i)(A) applies: 
I 
the Auction Recovery Amount or Cash Recovery Amount (as applicable) shall 
accrue interest at the Funding Interest Rate from, and including, the Interest 
Suspension Accrual Date to, but excluding, the Auction Redemption Date or the 
Cash Redemption Date (as applicable); and 
II 
if “Credit Event Deferred Interest on Loss Amount” is specified in the Final Terms 
as applicable, the Auction Loss Amount or Cash Loss Amount (as applicable) shall 
accrue interest at the Funding Interest Rate from, and including, the Interest 
Suspension Accrual Date to, but excluding, the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date or the Final Price Determination Date (as applicable). 
Interest accrued under this Credit Linked Condition 3(a)(i)(B) shall be payable on the 
Auction Redemption Date or Cash Redemption Date (as applicable). 
(ii) 
Credit Payment on Maturity Applicable 
(A) 
If Credit Payment on Maturity applies and a Relevant Event Determination Date has 
occurred during the Notice Delivery Period but prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
notwithstanding that the Cash Redemption Amount or Auction Redemption Amount (as 
applicable) shall be payable on the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction

--- Page 229 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
222 
Redemption Date (as applicable), the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit 
Linked Note shall cease to accrue interest in accordance with Condition 3 (Interest) as at 
the Interest Suspension Accrual Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest will continue to accrue on any remaining portion of 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note in accordance with Condition 3 (Interest) until the 
earlier of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) the Auction Redemption Date or Cash 
Redemption Date (as applicable). 
(B) 
If Credit Payment on Maturity applies and Credit Linked Condition 3(a)(ii)(A) applies: 
I 
the Auction Recovery Amount or Cash Recovery Amount (as applicable) shall 
accrue interest at the Funding Interest Rate from, and including, the Interest 
Suspension Accrual Date to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date immediately 
following the Relevant Event Determination Date; and 
II 
if “Credit Event Deferred Interest on Loss Amount” is specified in the Final Terms 
as applicable, the Auction Loss Amount or Cash Loss Amount (as applicable) shall 
accrue interest at the Funding Interest Rate from, and including, the Interest 
Suspension Accrual Date to, but excluding, the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date or the Final Price Determination Date (as applicable). 
Interest accrued under this Credit Linked Condition 3(a)(ii)(B) shall be payable on the 
Interest Payment Date following the Auction Final Price Determination Date or the Final 
Price Determination Date (as applicable), unless such Interest Payment Date falls less than 
five Business Days after the Auction Final Price Determination Date or Final Price 
Determination Date, in which case, such interest shall be payable on the second Interest 
Payment Date following the Auction Final Price Determination Date or the Final Price 
Determination Date (as applicable). 
(C) 
If Credit Payment on Maturity applies and Credit Linked Condition 3(a)(ii)(A) applies, 
the Aggregate Auction Recovery Amount or the Aggregate Cash Recovery Amount (as 
applicable) shall accrue interest at the Funding Interest Rate in respect of each Interest 
Period from, and including, the Interest Payment Date immediately following the Auction 
Final Price Determination Date or Final Price Determination Date (as applicable) to, but 
excluding, the Final Auction Redemption Date or Final Cash Redemption Date (as 
applicable). 
Interest accrued under this Credit Linked Condition 3(a)(ii)(C) shall be payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date from, and including, the second Interest Payment Date 
following the Auction Final Price Determination Date or Final Price Determination Date 
(as applicable) to, and including, the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Final Auction Redemption Date or Final Cash Redemption Date (as applicable). Interest 
accrued for the period between the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Final 
Auction Redemption Date or Final Cash Redemption Date (as applicable) and the Final 
Auction Redemption Date or Final Cash Redemption Date (as applicable) shall be paid on 
the Final Auction Redemption Date or Final Cash Redemption Date (as applicable). 
(b) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) and unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event

--- Page 230 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
223 
Determination Date, the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note may be 
redeemed in accordance with the “Auction Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method, the “Cash 
Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method or the “Fixed Recovery Redemption” Credit Event 
Redemption Method as specified in the Final Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
(A) 
Credit Payment on Maturity Not Applicable 
If Credit Payment on Maturity does not apply, if “Auction Redemption” is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the Final Terms, then, following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Single Name Credit 
Linked Note in whole (or, if the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, 
the Applicable Proportion thereof) on the Auction Redemption Date at the Auction 
Redemption Amount. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity Applicable 
If Credit Payment on Maturity applies, if “Auction Redemption” is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the Final Terms, following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, then the Issuer shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked 
Note in whole (or, if the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, the 
Applicable Proportion thereof) on the Final Auction Redemption Date at the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount. 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
(A) 
Credit Payment on Maturity Not Applicable 
If Credit Payment on Maturity does not apply, if (i) “Cash Redemption” is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the Final Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 11 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
(or, if the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, the Applicable Proportion 
thereof) as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method, then, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked Note in whole (or, if the Credit Event 
is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, the Applicable Proportion thereof) on the Cash 
Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption Amount. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity Applicable 
If Credit Payment on Maturity applies, if “Cash Redemption” is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method, then, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked Note in whole (or, if the 
Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, the Applicable Proportion thereof) 
on the Final Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount. 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
If “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, then, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked Note (or, if the Credit Event is an M(M)R 
Restructuring Credit Event, the Applicable Proportion thereof) in accordance with Credit Linked

--- Page 231 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
224 
Condition 3(b)(ii) (Redemption following a Credit Event – Cash Redemption), provided that the 
Cash Redemption Amount shall be determined using the Fixed Recovery Percentage specified in 
the relevant Final Terms instead of the Final Price, as further set out in the definition of Cash 
Redemption Amount in Credit Linked Condition 3(d) (Definitions). 
(c) 
Notice of Redemption Amount 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Following the determination of the Auction Redemption Amount or the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount (as applicable) with respect to the Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the 
Issuer shall, or may cause the Agent to, deliver a notice in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 20 (Notices) to the Noteholders specifying the Auction Redemption Amount or the 
Final Auction Redemption Amount (as applicable) (including the Auction Final Price and, if 
applicable, Unwind Costs), provided that any failure to give such notice to the Agent or 
Noteholders shall not affect any determinations made by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
or the rights of the Issuer to redeem the Single Name Credit Linked Notes. 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Following the determination of the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption 
Amount (as applicable), the Issuer shall, or may cause the Agent to, deliver a notice in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 20 (Notices) to the Noteholders specifying, to the extent applicable: 
(A) 
the Valuation Obligation(s) which were the subject of the Quotation; 
(B) 
the Valuation Date; 
(C) 
the Quotation Amount; 
(D) 
the Quotations obtained; 
(E) 
the Final Price (if applicable); 
(F) 
the Fixed Recovery Percentage (if applicable); 
(G) 
the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption Amount (as applicable); and 
(H) 
if applicable, any Unwind Costs. 
(d) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes only, the following terms have the meanings 
given in this Credit Linked Condition 3(d) (Definitions). 
“Aggregate Auction Recovery Amount” means the aggregate of the Auction Recovery Amounts 
calculated in respect of the Credit Linked Notes. 
“Aggregate Cash Recovery Amount” means the aggregate of the Cash Recovery Amounts calculated 
in respect of the Credit Linked Notes. 
“Auction Loss Amount” means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to A - B, where: 
“A” is the Applicable Proportion of the Single Name Credit Linked Note; and 
“B” is the Auction Recovery Amount.

--- Page 232 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
225 
“Auction Recovery Amount” means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to A x B, where: 
“A” is the Applicable Proportion of the Single Name Credit Linked Note; and 
“B” is the Auction Final Price. 
“Auction Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the lesser of (a) A – B and (b) C, where: 
“A” is the Auction Recovery Amount; 
“B” is the Unwind Costs; and 
“C” is the Applicable Proportion of the Single Name Credit Linked Note. 
“Auction Redemption Date” means the date as notified by the Issuer that is not earlier than the Auction 
Settlement Date and not later than five Business Days following the Auction Settlement Date. 
“Cash Loss Amount” means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent equal to A - B, where: 
“A” is the Applicable Proportion of the Single Name Credit Linked Note; and 
“B” is the Cash Recovery Amount. 
“Cash Recovery Amount” means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to A x B, where: 
“A” is the Applicable Proportion of the Single Name Credit Linked Note; and 
“B” is either (I) the Final Price, if “Cash Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the Final Terms or Cash Redemption is applicable as the Fallback 
Redemption Method, or (II) the Fixed Recovery Percentage, if “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Cash Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the lesser of (a) A – B and (b) C, where: 
“A” is the Cash Recovery Amount; 
“B” is the Unwind Costs; and 
“C” is the Applicable Proportion of the Single Name Credit Linked Note 
“Cash Redemption Date” means (a) the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) following 
the calculation of the Final Price, and (b) if Fixed Recovery Redemption is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method, the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the related relevant Final Terms (or, 
if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) following (i) the Event 
Determination Date, or (ii) if the Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of 
the definition of “Event Determination Date” or sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of “Non-
Standard Event Determination Date”, the day on which the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Announcement occurs and (c) if “Cash Redemption” is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method, 
the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the related relevant Final Terms (or, if a number

--- Page 233 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
226 
of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) following the Auction Cancellation Date or 
No Auction Announcement Date, if later. 
“Final Auction Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the lesser of (a) [A x B] + C – D and (b) the Specified Denomination 
of the Single Name Credit Linked Note, where: 
“A” is the Specified Denomination of the Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
“B” is the Redemption Percentage; 
“C” is the Aggregate Auction Recovery Amount; and 
“D” is the Aggregate Unwind Costs. 
“Final Auction Redemption Date” means the later to occur of (A) the Auction Redemption Date and 
(B) the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Final Cash Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the lesser of (a) [A x B] + C – D and (b) the Specified Denomination of 
the Single Name Credit Linked Note, where: 
“A” is the Specified Denomination of the Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
“B” is the Redemption Percentage; 
“C” is the Aggregate Cash Recovery Amount; and 
“D” is the Aggregate Unwind Costs. 
“Final Cash Redemption Date” means the later to occur of (A) the Cash Redemption Date and (B) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Redemption Percentage” means, on any day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
100 per cent. minus the aggregate of all Exercise Amounts (expressed as a percentage) in respect of the 
Credit Linked Notes at such date. 
4 
Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 4 (Basket Credit Linked Notes) shall not apply to Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Accrual of Interest on Credit Event 
(i) 
Credit Payment on Maturity Not Applicable 
(A) 
If neither Principal Protection nor Credit Payment on Maturity does not apply and a 
Relevant Event Determination Date has occurred during the Notice Delivery Period but 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
Condition 3 (Interest), interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each 
Basket Credit Linked Note as at the Interest Suspension Payment Accrual Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest shall continue to accrue on any remaining portion of 
each Basket Credit Linked Note then outstanding in accordance with Condition 3

--- Page 234 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
227 
(Interest) until the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) the final Basket 
Auction Redemption Date or Basket Cash Redemption Date (as applicable). 
(B) 
If Credit Payment on Maturity does not apply and Credit Linked Condition 4(a)(i)(A) 
applies: 
I 
the Basket Auction Recovery Amount or Basket Cash Recovery Amount (as 
applicable) shall accrue interest at the Funding Interest Rate from, and including, 
the Interest Suspension Accrual Date to, but excluding, the Basket Auction 
Redemption Date or the Basket Cash Redemption Date (as applicable); and 
II 
if “Credit Event Deferred Interest on Loss Amount” is specified in the Final Terms 
as applicable, the Basket Auction Loss Amount or Basket Cash Loss Amount (as 
applicable) shall accrue interest at the Funding Interest Rate from, and including, 
the Interest Suspension Accrual Date to, but excluding, the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date or the Final Price Determination Date (as applicable). 
Interest accrued under this Credit Linked Condition 4(a)(i)(B) shall be payable: (i) if 
“Credit Event Suspended Interest” is specified in the Final Terms as not applicable, five 
Business Days after the relevant Basket Auction Redemption Date or Basket Cash 
Redemption Date (as applicable), or (ii) if “Credit Event Suspended Interest” is specified 
in the Final Terms as applicable, on the relevant Basket Auction Redemption Date or 
Basket Cash Redemption Date (as applicable). 
(ii) 
Credit Payment on Maturity Applicable 
(A) 
If Credit Payment on Maturity applies and a Relevant Event Determination Date has 
occurred during the Notice Delivery Period but prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
notwithstanding that the Basket Cash Redemption Amount or Basket Auction Redemption 
Amount (as applicable) shall be payable on the Basket Final Cash Redemption Date or 
Basket Final Auction Redemption Date (as applicable), the Applicable Proportion of each 
Basket Credit Linked Note shall cease to accrue interest in accordance with Condition 3 
(Interest) as at the Interest Suspension Accrual Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest shall continue to accrue on any remaining portion of 
the Basket Credit Linked Notes then outstanding in accordance with Condition 3 (Interest) 
until the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) the final Basket Auction 
Redemption Date or Basket Cash Redemption Date (as applicable). 
(B) 
If Credit Payment on Maturity applies and Credit Linked Condition 4(a)(ii)(A) applies: 
I 
the Basket Auction Recovery Amount or Basket Cash Recovery Amount (as 
applicable) shall accrue interest at the Funding Interest Rate from, and including, 
the Interest Suspension Accrual Date to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date 
immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date; and 
II 
if “Credit Event Deferred Interest on Loss Amount” is specified in the Final Terms 
as applicable, the Basket Auction Loss Amount or Basket Cash Loss Amount (as 
applicable) shall accrue interest at the Funding Interest Rate from, and including, 
the Interest Suspension Accrual Date to, but excluding, the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date or the Final Price Determination Date (as applicable). 
Interest accrued under this Credit Linked Condition 4(a)(ii)(B) shall be payable: (i) if 
“Credit Event Suspended Interest” is specified in the Final Terms as not applicable, five

--- Page 235 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
228 
Business Days after the relevant Basket Auction Redemption Date or Basket Cash 
Redemption Date (as applicable), or (ii) if “Credit Event Suspended Interest” is specified 
in the Final Terms as applicable, on the Interest Payment Date following the Auction Final 
Price Determination Date or the Final Price Determination Date (as applicable), unless 
such Interest Payment Date falls less than five Business Days after the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date or Final Price Determination Date, in which case, such interest shall 
be payable on the second Interest Payment Date following the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date or the Final Price Determination Date (as applicable). 
(C) 
If Credit Payment on Maturity applies and Credit Linked Condition 4(a)(ii)(A) applies, 
the Aggregate Auction Recovery Amount or the Aggregate Cash Recovery Amount (as 
applicable) shall accrue interest at the Funding Interest Rate in respect of each Interest 
Period from, and including, the Interest Payment Date immediately following the Auction 
Final Price Determination Date or Final Price Determination Date (as applicable) to, but 
excluding, the Basket Final Auction Redemption Date or Basket Final Cash Redemption 
Date (as applicable). 
Interest accrued under this Credit Linked Condition 4(a)(ii)(C) shall be payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date from, and including, the second Interest Payment Date 
following the Auction Final Price Determination Date or Final Price Determination Date 
(as applicable) to, and including, the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Basket Final Auction Redemption Date or Basket Final Cash Redemption Date (as 
applicable). Interest accrued for the period between the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Basket Final Auction Redemption Date or Basket Final Cash 
Redemption Date (as applicable) and the Basket Final Auction Redemption Date or Basket 
Final Cash Redemption Date (as applicable) shall be paid on the Basket Final Auction 
Redemption Date or Basket Final Cash Redemption Date (as applicable). 
(b) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) and unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Applicable Proportion of each Basket Credit Linked Note may be redeemed in 
accordance with the “Auction Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method, the “Cash Redemption” 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the “Fixed Recovery Redemption” Credit Event Redemption 
Method, as specified in the Final Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
(A) 
Credit Payment on Maturity Not Applicable 
If Credit Payment on Maturity does not apply, following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Basket Credit Linked Note by payment of the Basket Auction Redemption Amount. 
The outstanding portion of each Basket Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed at its pro 
rata share of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount on the Basket Final Auction 
Redemption Date, subject to the occurrence of further Credit Events in respect of any 
Reference Entities. 
Payment by the Issuer of the Basket Auction Redemption Amount on the relevant Basket 
Auction Redemption Date, or, if the Basket Auction Redemption Amount is zero, the

--- Page 236 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
229 
occurrence of the Basket Auction Redemption Date, shall fully and effectively discharge 
the Issuer’s obligation to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Basket Credit 
Linked Note. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity Applicable 
If Credit Payment on Maturity applies, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, then the Issuer shall redeem each Basket Credit Linked Note in whole 
on the Basket Final Auction Redemption Date at the Basket Final Auction Redemption 
Amount. 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
(A) 
Credit Payment on Maturity Not Applicable 
If Credit Payment on Maturity does not apply, following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Basket Credit Linked Note by payment of the Basket Cash Redemption Amount. 
The outstanding portion of each Basket Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed at its pro 
rata share of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount on the Basket Final Cash 
Redemption Date, subject to the occurrence of further Credit Events in respect of any 
Reference Entities. 
Payment by the Issuer of the Basket Cash Redemption Amount on the relevant Basket 
Cash Redemption Date, or, if the Basket Cash Redemption Amount is zero, the occurrence 
of the Basket Cash Redemption Date, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer’s 
obligation to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Basket Credit Linked Note. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity Applicable 
If Credit Payment on Maturity applies, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, then the Issuer shall redeem each Basket Credit Linked Note in whole 
on the Basket Final Cash Redemption Date at the Basket Final Cash Redemption Amount. 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
If “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, then, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
redemption of the Applicable Proportion of each Basket Credit Linked Note shall take place in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4(b)(ii) (Redemption Following a Credit Event – Cash 
Redemption), provided that the Basket Cash Redemption Amount shall be determined using the 
Fixed Recovery Percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms instead of the Final Price, as 
further set out in the definition of Basket Cash Redemption Amount in Credit Linked Condition 
4(d) (Definitions). 
(c) 
Notice of Redemption Amount 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Following the determination of the Basket Auction Redemption Amount or the Basket Final 
Auction Redemption Amount (as applicable), the Issuer shall, or may cause the Agent to, deliver 
a notice in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 (Notices) to the Noteholders specifying 
the relevant Basket Auction Redemption Amount or Basket Final Auction Redemption Amount, 
including the Auction Final Price and the Unwind Costs (provided that any failure to give such

--- Page 237 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
230 
notice to the Agent or Noteholders shall not affect any determinations made by the Issuer and/or 
the Calculation Agent or the rights of the Issuer to redeem the Basket Credit Linked Notes or the 
Applicable Proportion thereof). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Following the determination of the Basket Cash Redemption Amount or the Basket Final Cash 
Redemption Amount (as applicable), the Issuer shall, or may cause the Agent to, deliver a notice 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 (Notices) to the Noteholders specifying, to the 
extent applicable: 
(A) 
the Valuation Obligation(s) which were the subject of the Quotation; 
(B) 
the Valuation Date; 
(C) 
the Quotation Amount; 
(D) 
the Quotations obtained; 
(E) 
the Final Price (if applicable); 
(F) 
the Fixed Recovery Percentage (if applicable); 
(G) 
the Basket Cash Redemption Amount or Basket Final Cash Redemption Amount (as 
applicable); and 
(H) 
if applicable, any Unwind Costs. 
(d) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Basket Credit Linked Notes only, the following terms have the meanings given 
in this Credit Linked Condition 4(d) (Definitions). 
“Aggregate Auction Recovery Amount” means the aggregate of the Auction Recovery Amounts 
calculated for each Reference Entity in respect of which a Relevant Credit Event and a Relevant Event 
Determination Date has occurred. 
“Aggregate Cash Recovery Amount” means the aggregate of the Cash Recovery Amounts calculated 
for each Reference Entity in respect of which a Relevant Credit Event and a Relevant Event 
Determination Date has occurred. 
“Basket Auction Loss Amount” means, in respect of each Basket Credit Linked Note, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to A - B, where: 
“A” is the Applicable Proportion of the Basket Credit Linked Note; and 
“B” is the Basket Auction Recovery Amount. 
“Basket Auction Recovery Amount” means, in respect of each Basket Credit Linked Note, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to A x B, where: 
“A” is the Applicable Proportion of the Basket Credit Linked Note; and 
“B” is the Auction Final Price. 
“Basket Auction Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Basket Credit Linked Note, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the lesser of (a) A – B and (b) C, where:

--- Page 238 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
231 
“A” is the Basket Auction Recovery Amount; 
“B” is the Unwind Costs; and 
“C” is the Applicable Proportion of the Basket Credit Linked Note. 
“Basket Auction Redemption Date” means, in respect of a Reference Entity and a Credit Event, the 
date that is the number of Business Days specified in the related relevant Final Terms (or, if a number of 
Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) following the Basket Auction Redemption Date, 
any Auction Cancellation Date or any No Auction Announcement Date, if later. 
“Basket Cash Loss Amount” means, in respect of each Basket Credit Linked Note, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to A - B, where: 
“A” is the Applicable Proportion of the Basket Credit Linked Note; and 
“B” is the Basket Cash Recovery Amount. 
“Basket Cash Recovery Amount” means, in respect of each Basket Credit Linked Note, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to A - B, where: 
“A” is the Applicable Proportion of the Basket Credit Linked Note; and 
“B” is either (I) the Final Price, if “Cash Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the Final Terms or Cash Redemption is applicable as the Fallback 
Redemption Method, or (II) the Fixed Recovery Percentage, if “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Basket Cash Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Basket Credit Linked Note, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the lesser of (a) A – B and (b) C, where: 
“A” is the Basket Cash Recovery Amount; 
“B” is the Unwind Costs; and  
“C” is the Applicable Proportion of the Basket Credit Linked Note. 
“Basket Cash Redemption Date” means, in respect of a Reference Entity and a Credit Event, (i) if 
“Cash Redemption” is the Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback Redemption Method, the 
date that is the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if a number of 
Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) following the calculation of the relevant Final 
Price; or (ii) if Fixed Recovery Redemption is the Credit Event Redemption Method, the date that is the 
number of Business Days specified in the Final Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so 
specified, five Business Days) following (a) the Event Determination Date, or (b) if the Event 
Determination Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of “Event Determination 
Date” or sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of “Non-Standard Event Determination Date”, the day on 
which the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement occurs. 
“Basket Final Auction Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Basket Credit Linked Note, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the lesser of (a) [A x B] + C – D and (b) the Specified Denomination 
of the Basket Credit Linked Note, where: 
“A” is the Specified Denomination of the Basket Credit Linked Note;

--- Page 239 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
232 
“B” is the Redemption Percentage; 
“C” is the Aggregate Auction Recovery Amount; and 
“D” is the Aggregate Unwind Costs. 
“Basket Final Auction Redemption Date” means the later to occur of (A) the Basket Auction 
Redemption Date with respect to the final Credit Event occurring in respect of a Reference Entity and 
(B) the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Basket Final Cash Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Basket Credit Linked Note, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the lesser of (a) [A x B] + C – D and (b) the Specified Denomination of 
the Basket Credit Linked Note, where: 
“A” is the Specified Denomination of the Basket Credit Linked Note; 
“B” is the Redemption Percentage; 
“C” is the Aggregate Cash Recovery Amount; and 
“D” is the Aggregate Unwind Costs. 
“Basket Final Cash Redemption Date” means the later to occur of (A) the Basket Cash Redemption 
Date with respect to the final Credit Event occurring in respect of a Reference Entity and (B) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Redemption Percentage” means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 100 per cent. 
minus the aggregate of the Weightings (each expressed as a percentage) of each of the Reference Entities 
in respect of which a Relevant Credit Event and a Relevant Event Determination Date has occurred. 
5 
Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 5 (Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes) shall not apply to Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Accrual of Interest on Credit Event 
(i) 
Credit Payment on Maturity Not Applicable 
(A) 
If Credit Payment on Maturity does not apply, on the occurrence of a Credit Event and an 
Event Determination Date in relation to a Reference Entity, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that there is an Index Tranche Incurred Loss Amount or Index Tranche 
Incurred Recovery Amount with respect to such Reference Entity, for the purposes of 
calculating the interest due on the Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes, each Index Tranche 
Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall be reduced by its pro rata share of the Principal 
Writedown Amount with effect from the Interest Suspension Accrual Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest shall continue to accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount in accordance with Condition 3 (Interest) until the earlier of (i) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) the final Index Tranche Auction Redemption Date or 
final Index Tranche Cash Redemption Date (as applicable).

--- Page 240 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
233 
(B) 
If Credit Payment on Maturity does not apply and Credit Linked Condition 5(a)(i)(A) 
applies: 
I 
the Index Tranche Levered Incurred Recovery Amount shall accrue interest at the 
Funding Interest Rate from, and including, the Interest Suspension Accrual Date 
to, but excluding, the Index Tranche Auction Redemption Date or the Index 
Tranche Cash Redemption Date (as applicable); and 
II 
if “Credit Event Deferred Interest on Loss Amount” is specified in the Final Terms 
as applicable, the Index Tranche Levered Incurred Loss Amount shall accrue 
interest at the Funding Interest Rate from, and including, the Interest Suspension 
Accrual Date to, but excluding, the Auction Final Price Determination Date or the 
Final Price Determination Date (as applicable). 
Interest accrued under this Credit Linked Condition 5(a)(i)(B) shall be payable on the 
Interest Payment Date immediately following the relevant Index Tranche Auction 
Redemption Date or Index Tranche Cash Redemption Date (as applicable). 
(ii) 
Credit Payment on Maturity Applicable 
(A) 
If Credit Payment on Maturity applies, on the occurrence of a Credit Event and an Event 
Determination Date in relation to a Reference Entity, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that there is an Index Tranche Incurred Loss Amount or Index Tranche Incurred Recovery 
Amount with respect to such Reference Entity, for the purposes of calculating the interest 
due on the Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes, notwithstanding that the Index Tranche 
Final Redemption Amount shall be payable on the Index Tranche Final Auction 
Redemption Date or Index Tranche Final Cash Redemption Date (as applicable), each 
Index Tranche Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall be reduced by its pro rata share 
of the Principal Writedown Amount with effect from the Interest Suspension Accrual Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest shall continue to accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount in accordance with Condition 3 (Interest) until the earlier of (i) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) the final Index Tranche Auction Redemption Date or 
final Index Tranche Cash Redemption Date (as applicable). 
(B) 
If Credit Payment on Maturity applies and Credit Linked Condition 5(a)(ii)(A) applies: 
I 
the Index Tranche Levered Incurred Recovery Amount shall accrue interest at the 
Funding Interest Rate from, and including, the Interest Suspension Accrual Date 
to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date immediately following the Relevant 
Event Determination Date; and 
II 
if “Credit Event Deferred Interest on Loss Amount” is specified in the Final Terms 
as applicable, the Index Tranche Levered Incurred Loss Amount shall accrue 
interest at the Funding Interest Rate from, and including, the Interest Suspension 
Accrual Date to, but excluding, the Auction Final Price Determination Date or the 
Final Price Determination Date (as applicable). 
Interest accrued under this Credit Linked Condition 5(a)(ii)(B) shall be payable on the 
Interest Payment Date immediately following the Auction Final Price Determination Date 
or the Final Price Determination Date (as applicable), unless such Interest Payment Date 
falls less than five Business Days after the Auction Final Price Determination Date or 
Final Price Determination Date, in which case, such interest shall be payable on the second

--- Page 241 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
234 
Interest Payment Date following the Auction Final Price Determination Date or the Final 
Price Determination Date (as applicable). 
(C) 
If Credit Payment on Maturity applies and Credit Linked Condition 5(a)(ii)(A) applies, 
the Aggregate Index Tranche Levered Incurred Recovery Amount shall accrue interest at 
the Funding Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period from, and including, the 
Interest Payment Date immediately following the Auction Final Price Determination Date 
or Final Price Determination Date (as applicable) to, but excluding, the Index Tranche 
Final Auction Redemption Date or Index Tranche Final Cash Redemption Date (as 
applicable). 
Interest accrued under this Credit Linked Condition 5(a)(ii)(C) shall be payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date from, and including, the second Interest Payment Date 
following the Auction Final Price Determination Date or Final Price Determination Date 
(as applicable) to, and including, the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Index Tranche Final Auction Redemption Date or Index Tranche Final Cash Redemption 
Date (as applicable). Interest accrued for the period between the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Index Tranche Final Auction Redemption Date or Index 
Tranche Final Cash Redemption Date (as applicable) and the Index Tranche Final Auction 
Redemption Date or Index Tranche Final Cash Redemption Date (as applicable) shall be 
paid on the Index Tranche Final Auction Redemption Date or Index Tranche Final Cash 
Redemption Date (as applicable). 
(b) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) and unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed in accordance with the 
“Auction Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method, the “Cash Redemption” Credit Event 
Redemption Method or the “Fixed Recovery Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
(A) 
Credit Payment on Maturity Not Applicable 
If Credit Payment on Maturity does not apply, on the relevant Index Tranche Auction 
Redemption Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Index 
Tranche Credit Linked Note by payment of the Index Tranche Redemption Amount (if 
any). The outstanding portion of each Index Tranche Credit Linked Note shall be 
redeemed at its pro rata share of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount on the 
Maturity Date, subject to the occurrence of further Credit Events in respect of any 
Reference Entities. Payment by the Issuer of the Index Tranche Redemption Amount on 
the relevant Index Tranche Auction Redemption Date, or if the Index Tranche Redemption 
Amount is zero, the occurrence of the Index Tranche Auction Redemption Date, shall fully 
and effectively discharge the Issuer’s obligation to redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
the relevant Index Tranche Credit Linked Note. 
If, as a result of a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount will be reduced to zero, the 
Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes shall be redeemed by payment of the final Index 
Tranche Redemption Amount on the relevant Index Tranche Auction Redemption Date

--- Page 242 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
235 
(together with any accrued interest calculated to, but excluding, the relevant Index Tranche 
Auction Redemption Date) and no further amount (including any Final Redemption 
Amount) shall be payable on the Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes. Upon payment of 
the final Index Tranche Redemption Amount, the Issuer shall have discharged its 
obligation in respect of such Index Tranche Credit Linked Note and shall have no further 
liability or obligation in respect thereof. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity Applicable 
If Credit Payment on Maturity applies, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, then the Issuer shall redeem each Index Tranche Credit Linked Note 
in whole on the Index Tranche Final Auction Redemption Date at the Index Tranche Final 
Redemption Amount. 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
(A) 
Credit Payment on Maturity Not Applicable 
If Credit Payment on Maturity does not apply, on the relevant Index Tranche Cash 
Redemption Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Index 
Tranche Credit Linked Note by payment of the Index Tranche Redemption Amount (if 
any). The outstanding portion of each Index Tranche Credit Linked Note shall be 
redeemed at its pro rata share of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount on the 
Maturity Date, subject to the occurrence of further Credit Events in respect of any 
Reference Entities. Payment by the Issuer of the Index Tranche Redemption Amount on 
the Index Tranche Cash Redemption Date, or if the Index Tranche Redemption Amount is 
zero, the occurrence of the Index Tranche Cash Redemption Date, shall fully and 
effectively discharge the Issuer’s obligation to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the 
relevant Index Tranche Credit Linked Note. 
If, as a result of a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount will be reduced to zero, the 
Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes shall be redeemed by payment of the final Index 
Tranche Redemption Amount on the relevant Index Tranche Cash Redemption Date 
(together with any accrued interest calculated to, but excluding, the relevant Index Tranche 
Cash Redemption Date) and no further amount (including any Final Redemption Amount) 
shall be payable on the Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes. Upon payment of the final 
Index Tranche Redemption Amount, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligation in 
respect of such Index Tranche Credit Linked Note and shall have no further liability or 
obligation in respect thereof. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity Applicable 
If Credit Payment on Maturity applies, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, then the Issuer shall redeem each Index Tranche Credit Linked Note 
in whole on the Index Tranche Final Cash Redemption Date at the Index Tranche Final 
Redemption Amount. 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
If “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, then, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
redemption of the Applicable Proportion of each Index Tranche Credit Linked Note shall take

--- Page 243 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
236 
place in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 5(b)(ii) (Redemption Following a Credit Event 
– Cash Redemption), provided that the Loss Amount and the Recovery Amount shall be 
determined using the Fixed Recovery Percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms instead of 
the Auction Final Price or Final Price, as further set out in the definitions of Loss Amount and 
Recovery Amount in Credit Linked Condition 5(d) (Definitions). 
(c) 
Notice of Index Tranche Redemption Amount 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Following the determination of the Index Tranche Redemption Amount or the Index Tranche 
Final Redemption Amount (as applicable), the Issuer shall, or may cause the Agent to, deliver a 
notice in accordance with Condition 3 (Interest) to the Noteholders specifying the relevant Index 
Tranche Redemption Amount or Index Tranche Final Redemption Amount, including the Auction 
Final Price and the Unwind Costs (provided that any failure to give such notice to the Agent or 
Noteholders shall not affect any determinations made by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
or the rights of the Issuer to redeem the Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes or the Applicable 
Proportion thereof). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Following the determination of the Index Tranche Redemption Amount or the Index Tranche 
Final Redemption Amount (as applicable), the Issuer shall, or may cause the Agent to, deliver a 
notice in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 (Notices) to the Noteholders specifying, to 
the extent applicable: 
(A) 
the Valuation Obligation(s) which were the subject of the Quotation; 
(B) 
the Valuation Date; 
(C) 
the Quotation Amount; 
(D) 
the Quotations obtained; 
(E) 
the Final Price (if applicable); 
(F) 
the Fixed Recovery Percentage (if applicable); 
(G) 
the Index Tranche Redemption Amount or Index Tranche Final Redemption Amount (as 
applicable); and 
(H) 
if applicable, any Unwind Costs. 
(d) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes only, the following terms have the meanings 
given in this Credit Linked Condition 5(d) (Definitions). 
“Aggregate Index Tranche Levered Incurred Recovery Amount” means the aggregate of all Index 
Tranche Levered Incurred Recovery Amounts calculated with respect to all Reference Entities for such 
Index Tranche Credit Linked Note. 
“Aggregate Loss Amount” means the aggregate of all Loss Amounts calculated with respect to all 
Reference Entities for such Index Tranche Credit Linked Note. 
“Aggregate Recovery Amount” means, at any time on any day, the aggregate of all Recovery Amounts 
calculated with respect to all Reference Entities for such Index Tranche Credit Linked Note.

--- Page 244 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
237 
“Attachment Point” means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Detachment Point” means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Index Tranche Auction Redemption Date” means, in respect of a Reference Entity and a Credit 
Event, the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the related relevant Final Terms (or, if 
a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) following the Auction Settlement 
Date, any Auction Cancellation Date or any No Auction Announcement Date, if later; or (iv) such other 
date as is specified in the Final Terms. 
“Index Tranche Cash Redemption Date” means, in respect of a Reference Entity and a Credit Event, 
(i) if “Cash Redemption” is the Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback Redemption Method, 
the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if a number of 
Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) following the calculation of the relevant Final 
Price; and (ii) if Fixed Recovery Redemption is the Credit Event Redemption Method, the date that is 
the number of Business Days specified in the Final Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so 
specified, five Business Days) following (a) the Event Determination Date, or (b) if the Event 
Determination Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of “Event Determination 
Date” or sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of “Non-Standard Event Determination Date”, the day on 
which the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement occurs. 
“Index Tranche Final Auction Redemption Date” means the later to occur of (A) the Index Tranche 
Auction Redemption Date with respect to the final Credit Event occurring in respect of a Reference 
Entity and (B) the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Index Tranche Final Cash Redemption Date” means the later to occur of (A) the Index Tranche Cash 
Redemption Date with respect to the final Credit Event occurring in respect of a Reference Entity and 
(B) the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Index Tranche Final Redemption Amount” shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the lesser of (a) A + B – C and (b) the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount, where: 
“A” is the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; 
“B” is the Aggregate Index Tranche Levered Incurred Recovery Amount; and 
“C” is the Aggregate Unwind Costs, if applicable. 
“Index Tranche Incurred Loss Amount” means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, in 
respect of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Relevant Credit Event and an Event Determination 
Date has occurred, an amount equal to the lower of: 
(i) 
the Loss Amount in respect of the affected Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the Loss Amount for the affected Reference Entity) minus 
the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to a minimum of zero); and 
(iii) 
the Tranche Size. 
“Index Tranche Incurred Recovery Amount” means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
in respect of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event and an Event Determination Date 
have occurred an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent which is equal to the lower of: 
(i) 
the Recovery Amount in respect of the affected Reference Entity;

--- Page 245 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
238 
(ii) 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (calculated taking into account the Recovery Amount for such 
affected Reference Entity) minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject to a minimum of 
zero); and 
(iii) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereto in respect of such 
affected Reference Entity). 
“Index Tranche Levered Incurred Loss Amount” means the product of (i) the Index Tranche Incurred 
Loss Amount and (ii) the Leverage. 
“Index Tranche Levered Incurred Recovery Amount” means the product of (i) the Index Tranche 
Incurred Recovery Amount and (ii) the Leverage. 
“Index Tranche Redemption Amount” shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the lesser of (a) A – B and (b) C, where, 
“A” is the Index Tranche Levered Incurred Recovery Amount;  
“B” is the Unwind Costs; and 
“C” is the Applicable Proportion of the Index Tranche Credit Linked Note. 
“Leverage” means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, provided that if no percentage is 
specified or “Leverage” is specified as “Not Applicable” then, for the purposes of this Credit Linked 
Condition 5 (Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes), the Leverage shall be 100 per cent. 
“Levered Tranche Size” means the product of (i) the Tranche Size and (ii) the Leverage. 
“Loss Amount” means, with respect to a Reference Entity (subject, in each case, to a minimum of zero), 
(a) if “Auction Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method, an amount equal to 
the product of (i) 100 per cent. minus the Auction Final Price and (ii) the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount for that Reference Entity, (b) if “Cash Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method, or if Cash Redemption applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal to the 
product of (i) 100 per cent. minus the Final Price and (ii) the Reference Entity Notional Amount for that 
Reference Entity, and (c) if “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method, an amount equal to the product of (i) 100 per cent. minus the Fixed Recovery Percentage and 
(ii) the Reference Entity Notional Amount for that Reference Entity. 
“Loss Threshold Amount” means the amount specified in the Final Terms which shall be the product 
of the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount and the Attachment Point. 
“Principal Writedown Amount” means, in respect of a Reference Entity and a Credit Event, the sum 
of the Index Tranche Levered Incurred Recovery Amount and the Index Tranche Levered Incurred Loss 
Amount in respect of the Reference Entity in respect of which the Relevant Credit Event has occurred. 
“Recovery Amount” means, with respect to an Index Tranche Credit Linked Note and a Reference 
Entity, (a) if “Auction Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method, an amount 
equal to the lower of 100 per cent. and the Auction Final Price, multiplied by the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount for that Reference Entity, (b) if “Cash Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method, or if Cash Redemption applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount 
equal to the lower of 100 per cent. and the Final Price, multiplied by the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount for that Reference Entity, and (c) if “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method, an amount equal to the lower of 100 per cent. and the Fixed Recovery 
Percentage, multiplied by the Reference Entity Notional Amount for that Reference Entity.

--- Page 246 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
239 
“Recovery Threshold Amount” means the amount specified in the Final Terms which shall be the 
product of (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount and (b) 100 per cent. minus the Detachment 
Point. 
“Reference Entity Notional Amount” means, with respect to each Reference Entity, the product of the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount and the Weighting for such Reference Entity. 
“Tranche Size” means the amount specified in the Final Terms which shall be (a) the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes multiplied by (b) the Detachment Point 
minus the Attachment Point. 
6 
Credit Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information 
(a) 
If a Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information is required to be 
delivered for an Event Determination Date to occur, the Issuer shall deliver a Credit Event Notice and, 
if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information to the Agent and the Agent will deliver a copy 
of the Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, the Notice of Publicly Available Information to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 (Notices) (provided that failure to deliver a 
copy of such Credit Event Notice and/or such Notice of Publicly Available Information to the 
Noteholders shall not affect the effectiveness of the Credit Event Notice and/or the Notice of Publicly 
Available Information, as determined by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent, or the rights of the 
Issuer to redeem the Credit Linked Notes (or, with respect to the Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Tranche Credit Linked Notes or if the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, the 
Applicable Proportion thereof)). 
(b) 
If a Credit Event Notice is not required to be delivered in order for an Event Determination Date to 
occur, then the Issuer shall give written notice not less than five Business Days prior to the date for 
redemption of the Notes (or a portion thereof) containing the same information required to be included 
in a Credit Event Notice to the Agent and the Agent will deliver a copy of such notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 (Notices) (provided that any failure to give such notice 
to the Agent or Noteholders shall not affect any determinations made by the Issuer and/or the Calculation 
Agent or the rights of the Issuer to redeem the Credit Linked Notes (or, with respect to the Basket Credit 
Linked Notes or Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes or if the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring 
Credit Event, the Applicable Proportion thereof)). 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent’s determination of a Credit Event will, in the absence of manifest error and 
subject to the definition of “Event Determination Date”, be conclusive and binding on all persons 
(including, without limitation, the Agent and each Noteholder). 
(d) 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Agent and the Paying Agents will have any liability 
whatsoever for the failure of the Calculation Agent for any reason to determine that a Credit Event has 
occurred or with respect to the Issuer’s timing as to when to deliver a Credit Event Notice (or any such 
other notice required to be delivered by the Issuer to the Agent, the Noteholder(s) or any other party in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions including a Notice of Publicly Available Information) 
nor will they have any duty or responsibility to investigate or check whether any Credit Event has, or 
may have, occurred or may be continuing. In addition, the failure of the Issuer or the Agent to deliver 
the Credit Event Notice shall not affect the effectiveness of any determination made, or any other notice 
delivered, by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent in respect of a relevant Reference Entity.

--- Page 247 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
240 
7 
Relevant Time 
(a) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 20 (Notices) and Credit Linked Condition 7(b) (Relevant Time), in 
order to determine the day on which an event occurs for purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions, the 
demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or Tokyo time if the 
Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time is the market convention with respect to the relevant 
Reference Entity), irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred. Any event occurring at 
midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the definition of “Credit Event Notice” and Credit Linked Condition 7(a) (Relevant 
Time), if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the 
final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have 
occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or Tokyo time if the Calculation Agent 
determines that Tokyo time is the market convention with respect to the relevant Reference Entity), 
irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment. 
8 
Event Determination Date Adjustment Payment 
If, following the determination of an Event Determination Date, such Event Determination Date is deemed 
either to have occurred on a date that is different from the date that was originally determined to be the Event 
Determination Date or not to have occurred, or an Event Determination Date is deemed to have occurred prior 
to a preceding Interest Payment Date, the Calculation Agent will determine (A) the adjustment payment, if any, 
that is payable to reflect any change that may be necessary to the amount previously calculated and/or paid in 
respect of the relevant Series and (B) the date in which such adjustment payment is payable, if any. For the 
avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest shall be taken into account when calculating any such adjustment 
payment. 
9 
Maturity Date Extension 
(a) 
Where the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, that one or more Reference Entities is or may be subject to (i) a Credit Event, (ii) if 
“Grace Period Extension” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a Potential Failure 
to Pay or, (iii) if “Repudiation/Moratorium” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, it shall notify the Agent and the Credit Linked Notes then 
outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall be redeemed instead on the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
(b) 
If any amount is payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date of a Credit Linked Note to which the provisions 
of this Credit Linked Condition 9 (Maturity Date Extension) apply, such amount shall fall due on the 
Extended Maturity Date and shall be payable without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of such amount. 
10 M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event 
(a) 
Credit Event Notice after M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Issuer may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices 
with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, each such Credit Event Notice setting forth the 
amount of the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes to which such Credit 
Event Notice applies which may, if the Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes, be less than the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes or, if the Notes are Basket Credit

--- Page 248 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
241 
Linked Notes or Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes, may be less than the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of the affected Reference Entity (the aggregate of such amounts with respect to a Series, the 
“Exercise Amount”); provided that if the Credit Event Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount, 
then either (i) if the Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes outstanding immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event 
Notice or (ii) if the Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes, the 
relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the affected Reference Entity, (and, 
in either case, not a portion thereof) will be deemed to have been specified as the Exercise Amount. 
Accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, where an 
M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event has occurred and the Issuer has delivered a Credit Event Notice for 
an Exercise Amount that is less than (i) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes, or (ii) the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the affected Reference Entity, in each case 
as at the date immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice, as applicable, the provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply to a principal amount of the Notes equal to 
the Exercise Amount only and all the provisions shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Redemption of Notes following partial exercise 
If the Issuer has delivered a Credit Event Notice in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring that specifies an 
Exercise Amount that is less than the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes 
and, in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, only one Reference Entity is specified for the 
Credit Linked Notes, or, in the case of Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranche Credit Linked 
Notes, in relation to a Reference Entity that specifies an Exercise Amount that is less than such Reference 
Entity’s Reference Entity Notional Amount), then: 
(i) 
the relevant provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 
(Basket Credit Linked Notes) and 5 (Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes) relating to Redemption 
of Credit Linked Notes shall apply to the Exercise Amount, including for the purposes of 
calculating the Redemption Amount to be Delivered to Noteholders. In such circumstances, the 
Calculation Agent may adjust such provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions and/or relevant 
Final Terms as it determines appropriate to take account of this Credit Linked Condition 10 
(M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event), including the basis of the calculation of any Redemption 
Amount; 
(ii) 
following any payment of a Redemption Amount to Noteholders or any other determination made 
in respect of any Exercise Amount, the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the relevant 
Reference Entity shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Exercise Amount (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, the aggregate of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts shall be reduced 
accordingly). The Notes in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount shall 
remain outstanding and interest (if applicable) shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount as provided for in Condition 3 (Interest) and the Issuer may thereafter deliver 
one or more further Credit Event Notices in respect of such Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount to which the Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply; and 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent may adjust the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions and/or the 
relevant Final Terms in such manner as it may determine to be appropriate to account for such 
event.

--- Page 249 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
242 
(c) 
Endorsement of Global Note 
If the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 10 (M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event), apply in 
respect of the Credit Linked Notes, on any redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note, the 
relevant Credit Linked Note or, if the Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Note, such Global 
Note, shall be endorsed to reflect such part redemption. 
11 Auction Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Fallback Redemption 
If the Calculation Agent determines: 
(i) 
except where the Issuer delivers a Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the Agent on or prior 
to the Movement Option Cut-off Date pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 11(b) (Movement 
Option), that with respect to a Credit Event, no Applicable Auction is being, or will be, held; or 
(ii) 
with respect to a Credit Event and any relevant Applicable DC Credit Event Question, Applicable 
Resolution and/or Applicable Auction, that (A) an Auction Cancellation Date has occurred, (B) a 
No Auction Announcement Date has occurred (and, in circumstances where such No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 11(a) (Fallback 
Redemption) or sub-paragraph (c)(ii) under the definition of “No Auction Announcement Date”, 
the Calculation Agent has not exercised the Movement Option), (C) a DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal occurs or (D) a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of “Event Determination Date” or pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) 
of the definition of “Non-Standard Event Determination Date”, and no Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date has occurred on or prior to the date falling three Business Days after such Relevant 
Event Determination Date, or (E) a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant 
to sub-paragraph (b)(ii)(B)(II)(2) of the definition of “Non-Standard Event Determination Date”, 
then, Cash Redemption shall apply and the Issuer shall redeem each Note as if Cash Redemption had 
been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(b) 
Movement Option 
If “Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable” or “Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable” is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and the Calculation Agent determines in respect of a Restructuring Credit 
Event that a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition 
of “No Auction Announcement Date”, the Issuer may elect in its sole and absolute discretion to deliver 
a Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the Calculation Agent at any time on or prior to the Movement 
Option Cut-off Date. If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is so delivered, then provided that the 
related Event Determination Date is not reversed on or prior to the relevant Redemption Date, 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes (or, if the Credit Linked Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
or Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes or if the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, 
the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes), shall take place by payment by the Issuer of the 
relevant Redemption Amount on the relevant Redemption Date, for which purposes the Redemption 
Amount and the Redemption Date shall be determined by reference to the relevant Parallel Auction 
identified by the Issuer in the Notice to Exercise Movement Option. If a Notice to Exercise Movement 
Option is delivered by the Issuer, all references in these Credit Linked Conditions to “Applicable 
Auction”, “Applicable Auction Settlement Terms”, “Auction Cancellation Date” and “Auction Final 
Price Determination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the “Parallel Auction”, “Parallel Auction

--- Page 250 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
243 
Settlement Terms” and “Parallel Auction Cancellation Date” and the terms of these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Auction Final Price of the Asset Package 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and the Auction Final Price for the Applicable Auction 
reflects the entire relevant Asset Package in respect of the Prior Deliverable Obligation(s) or Package 
Observable Bond(s) (as applicable) (including any cash forming part of the Asset Package and the Asset 
Market Value of any Non-Financial Instrument or Non-Transferable Instrument), the Redemption 
Amount shall be determined using the Auction Final Price. If the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Auction Final Price does not reflect the price of the entire relevant Asset Package, as determined above, 
the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment to the Auction Final Price and/or the relevant 
Redemption Amount in its sole and absolute discretion as it deems necessary to reflect the value of the 
Asset Package and to preserve the economic effects of the terms of the Notes and for such purposes the 
Calculation Agent may take into account any method of determining the Asset Market Value of any Asset 
that is a Non-Transferable Instrument or a Non-Financial Instrument forming part of the Asset Package 
but that has not been taken into in the Auction Final Price that may be published by the DC Secretary. 
12 Cash Redemption Terms 
(a) 
On the Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent shall commence determination of the Final Price using the 
Valuation Obligations to be valued selected in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(b) 
If: 
(I) 
“Include Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligations shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(II) 
“Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligations shall not include accrued but unpaid 
interest; or 
(III) 
neither “Include Accrued Interest” nor “Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current 
market practice in the market of the Valuation Obligation whether the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid 
interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof, 
the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after obtaining all Quotations for a 
Valuation Date, notify the Issuer and the Agent in writing of each such Quotation that it receives 
in connection with the calculation of the Final Price together with a written computation showing 
such calculation and including the information specified in sub-paragraph (v) of Credit Linked 
Condition 20(a) (Notices required to be delivered) and the Agent will deliver a copy of such notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 (Notices) (provided that any 
failure to give such notice to Noteholders shall not affect any determination made by the Issuer 
or Calculation Agent or the rights of the Issuer to redeem the Credit Linked Notes (or, if the Notes 
are Basket Credit Notes or Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes, or if the Credit Event is an M(M)R 
Restructuring Credit Event, the Applicable Proportion thereof)). 
(iii) 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, (A) valuation of a Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or Package Observable Bond specified in the notice to the Agent may be satisfied by valuation 
of the related Asset Package and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency

--- Page 251 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
244 
and Outstanding Principal Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, as applicable, to which it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package 
Credit Event, (B) if the Asset Package is zero, a Quotation shall be deemed to have been obtained 
for the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond (as applicable) equal to zero, and (C) for any other Asset Package the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the value of the Asset Package in its sole and absolute discretion and a Quotation 
shall be deemed to have been obtained for such valuation provided that the Calculation Agent 
may obtain Quotations for some or all of the components of the Asset Package and/or take 
account of any method of determining the Asset Market Value of any Asset that is a Non-
Transferable Instrument or a Non-Financial Instrument that may be published by the DC 
Secretary. 
13 Redemption Upon Merger Event 
If “Redemption Following Merger” is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms then: 
(a) 
If at any time the Issuer becomes aware that any Noteholder is a Reference Entity, the Issuer may, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, elect to redeem all of the Credit Linked Notes of that Noteholder (and the 
Redemption Amount shall, notwithstanding the Credit Linked Conditions, be an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to be fair (which may, for the 
avoidance of doubt, be zero)). 
(b) 
In the event that the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent determines, in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, that a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may give notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 (Notices) and redeem or cancel, as 
applicable, all of the Credit Linked Notes and the Redemption Amount shall, notwithstanding the Credit 
Linked Conditions, be zero. 
The Issuer shall not be responsible for monitoring the identity of each Noteholder from time to time for the 
purpose of enabling the Issuer to exercise its rights hereunder or otherwise. 
14 Redemption Failure Event 
(a) 
If a Redemption Failure Event has occurred and exists on the Scheduled Maturity Date or Redemption 
Date, the obligation of the Issuer to pay the Redemption Amount will be postponed without further act 
or notice and such payment will be made on a Business Day selected by the Issuer on which such 
Redemption Failure Event no longer exists, provided that, if such Redemption Failure Event continues 
to exist on the tenth Business Day after the Scheduled Maturity Date or Redemption Date or other 
scheduled payment or delivery date (including a date scheduled to be the Delivery Date) in respect of an 
amount required to be paid, the Noteholder may request the Issuer in writing to make payment of such 
amount to such account or to such other person as the Noteholder specifies, provided that, the Issuer first 
receives an irrevocable and unconditional release and indemnity in respect of liabilities arising therefrom 
to its sole and absolute satisfaction. 
(b) 
Continuing Redemption Failure Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Issuer determines (in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner) that such Redemption Failure Event continues to exist on 
the 90th calendar day after the Scheduled Maturity Date or Redemption Date or other scheduled payment 
or delivery date (including a date scheduled to be the Delivery Date) (a “Continuing Redemption 
Failure Event”) in respect of an amount required to be paid where the Noteholder has not elected for

--- Page 252 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
245 
payment to be made to a third party (if applicable) in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) (Redemption 
Failure Event) above, or Valuation Obligations to be Delivered (as the case may be) no such payment or 
Delivery will be made by the Issuer and the Issuer’s obligations to the Noteholder hereunder will be 
deemed to be fully discharged as of that date. 
(c) 
Any postponement or deemed discharge of payment pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 14 
(Redemption Failure Event) will not constitute a default hereunder (including for the purpose of 
Condition 14 (Events of Default)) and will not entitle the relevant Noteholder to any additional interest 
or other payment as a result thereof. 
15 Effect of DC Announcements 
(a) 
Event Determination Dates 
(i) 
Reversal of DC Credit Event Announcement 
If an Event Determination Date is subsequently reversed prior to the relevant Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, a Valuation Date, a Redemption Date or the Scheduled Maturity Date, a 
Credit Event shall be deemed not to have occurred with respect to the Reference Entity for the 
purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
(ii) 
Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes, an Event 
Determination Date may occur in respect of each Reference Entity comprised in the Basket 
provided that, other than in respect of a Restructuring, an Event Determination Date shall apply 
only once to each such Reference Entity. 
(b) 
Redemption Suspension 
If, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date but prior to the relevant 
Redemption Date or, to the extent applicable, a Valuation Date in respect of a Reference Entity, there is 
an Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, all timing requirements in these Credit Linked 
Conditions that pertain to settlement shall toll and remain suspended until the date of the Applicable DC 
Credit Event Announcement or Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, as applicable. During 
such suspension period, the Issuer is not obliged to take any action in connection with the settlement of 
such Credit Event or the redemption, if any, of the Credit Linked Notes. Once the relevant DC Credit 
Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, the relevant timing 
requirements that pertain to settlement that have previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on 
the Business Day following such public announcement by the DC Secretary with the Issuer having the 
benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began. The Issuer shall deliver, or 
cause the Agent to deliver, a notice (a “Redemption Suspension Notice”) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 20 (Notices) to the Noteholders giving notice of any suspension or resumption of 
timing requirements pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 15 (Effect of DC Announcements). 
16 Successor Provisions 
(a) 
Successor Determinations 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after 
delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the Succession Date, any Successor or Successors 
provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at the time of the determination,

--- Page 253 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
246 
the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant succession to Relevant Obligations. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under this 
definition on the basis of Eligible Information and will notify the Agent of any such calculation or 
determination as soon as practicable. In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity 
qualifies as a Successor under this Credit Linked Condition 16(a) (Successor Determinations), if there 
is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan 
in aggregate as if forming part of a single succession. 
(b) 
Joint Potential Successors 
If two or more entities (each, a “Joint Potential Successor”) jointly succeed to a Relevant Obligation 
(the “Joint Relevant Obligation”) either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, then (a) if 
the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having 
been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which 
succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (b) if the Joint Relevant 
Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint 
Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint 
Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in 
equal parts. 
(c) 
Multiple Successors 
Following a Succession Date if more than one Successor has been identified, the Credit Linked Notes 
will be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the following terms: 
(i) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity and more than one Credit Event may occur during the 
Term of the Credit Linked Notes but, subject to Credit Linked Condition 10 (M(M)R 
Restructuring Credit Event), once only in relation to each Successor; 
(ii) 
with respect to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, where a Credit Event occurs in respect of a 
Reference Entity after such Succession Date, the Credit Linked Notes will not redeem in whole 
in respect of a Successor but instead the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be 
deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by that Reference Entity only (the “Partial 
Nominal Amount”), the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part (such 
redeemed part being equal to a Noteholder’s pro rata share of the Partial Nominal Amount) 
(provided that if Credit Payment on Maturity applies such partial redemption shall occur only on 
the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date (as applicable)) and the 
Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Final Terms shall be construed accordingly. Following such 
event, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with 
these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to reflect 
the economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor); and 
(iii) 
with respect to Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes, the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount of the original Reference Entity will be divided equally between the 
number of Successors and the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant type of Reference 
Entity (including any Relevant Obligation and Valuation Obligation Category and Valuation 
Obligation Characteristics in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) by

--- Page 254 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
247 
reference to market practice in such type of Reference Entity. If a single entity would be a 
Reference Entity hereunder more than once, then it will be deemed to be a Reference Entity only 
once, and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for such Reference Entity will be the sum of the 
Reference Entity Notional Amounts otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no 
effect on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Basket Credit Linked Notes or the 
Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes). 
(d) 
Exchange Offer 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of “Successor” shall be made on the basis of the Outstanding Principal Balance of Relevant 
Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Exchange Bonds 
or Loans. 
(e) 
Eligible Successors 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, or (B) 
such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date occurred on or after 
1 January 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one Relevant Obligation of the 
Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant Obligations by 
way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
17 Multiple Holder Obligation 
Unless “Multiple Holder Obligation” is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then none of 
the events described in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) of the definition of “Restructuring” shall constitute a 
Restructuring unless the Obligation is a Multiple Holder Obligation, where “Multiple Holder Obligation” means 
an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more 
than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and (ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders 
(determined pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-
six-and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event (provided 
that sub-paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be satisfied where the Obligation is a Bond). 
18 Reference Obligation 
(a) 
Standard Reference Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
(i) 
If “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then 
the Reference Obligation for the relevant Reference Entity will be the Standard Reference 
Obligation which is the Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity with the relevant Seniority 
Level specified from time to time on the SRO List published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated 
by ISDA for such purposes.

--- Page 255 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
248 
(ii) 
If “Standard Reference Obligation” is not specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms then 
the Reference Obligation(s) for the relevant Reference Entity will be each Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation specified in the relevant Final Terms for such Reference Entity. 
(b) 
Substitute Reference Obligation 
(i) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the 
Calculation Agent may identify a Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with sub-
paragraphs (iii), (iv) and (v) of this Credit Linked Condition 18(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation) to replace such Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided that the Calculation 
Agent will not identify an Obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time of the 
determination, such Obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation 
by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such Obligation has not 
changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. 
(ii) 
If any of the events set forth under sub-paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of “Substitution 
Event” have occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, such Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the 
“Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic or “Not Subordinated” Valuation Obligation 
Characteristic and sub-paragraph (iii)(B) of this Credit Linked Condition 18(b) (Substitute 
Reference Obligation)). If the event set forth in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of 
“Substitution Event” has occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no 
Substitute Reference Obligation is available, such Non-Standard Reference Obligation will 
continue to be a Reference Obligation until the Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, 
if earlier, until any of the events set forth under sub-paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of 
“Substitution Event” occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(iii) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an Obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(A) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of 
a Guarantee); 
(B) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Valuation Obligation Characteristic as of the date it was 
issued or incurred (without reflecting any change the priority of payment after such date) 
and on the Substitution Date; and 
(C) 
(I) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference Obligation 
when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
1. 
is a Valuation Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Valuation Obligation”; or if no such 
obligation is available, 
2. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Valuation 
Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of “Valuation Obligation”; 
(II) if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed 
Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date:

--- Page 256 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
249 
1. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan); 
or if no such obligation is available, 
2. 
is a Valuation Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Valuation Obligation”; or if no such 
obligation is available, 
3. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan 
(other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such Obligation is available, 
4. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Valuation 
Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of “Valuation Obligation”; or 
(III) if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-Conforming 
Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date: 
1. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan 
(other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
2. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan); 
or if no such obligation is available, 
3. 
is a Valuation Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Valuation Obligation”; or if no such 
Obligation is available, 
4. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Valuation 
Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of “Valuation Obligation”. 
(iv) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process 
described in sub-paragraph (iii) of this Credit Linked Condition 18(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation), the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential Substitute Reference 
Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the delivery and payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Series, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The 
Calculation Agent will (if a Substitute Reference Obligation has not been identified) notify the 
Agent of a Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable after it has been 
identified in accordance with sub-paragraph (iii) of this Credit Linked Condition 18(b) (Substitute 
Reference Obligation) and the Substitute Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation immediately upon such notification. 
(v) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and 
the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation then, subject to sub-paragraph (i) of this Credit Linked 
Condition 18(b) (Substitute Reference Obligation) and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (ii) of this Credit Linked Condition 18(b) (Substitute Reference Obligation), 
the Calculation Agent may continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation.

--- Page 257 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
250 
(c) 
Reference Obligation Only Series 
(i) 
If the event set out in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Substitution Event” occurs with 
respect to the Reference Obligation in a Series of Notes in respect of a Reference Entity to which 
“Reference Obligation Only” applies, and such Reference Obligation is the only Reference 
Obligation for such Reference Entity, the Applicable Proportion of the Notes shall be redeemed 
at the fair market value of the Applicable Proportion of the Notes determined by the Issuer as at 
the Substitution Event Date and adjusted to take into account any Unwind Costs, if applicable. 
The Issuer shall deliver, or cause the Agent to deliver, a notice in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 20 (Notices) to the Noteholders stating the occurrence of such Substitution Event and 
setting out the Redemption Date in respect thereof, which shall be a date not earlier than the 
relevant Substitution Event Date. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the definition of “Substitute Reference Obligation” (a) no Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall be determined in respect of the Reference Obligation for a Reference Entity to 
which “Reference Obligation Only” applies, and (b) if the events set out in sub-paragraph (b) or 
(c) of the definition of “Substitution Event” occur with respect to the Reference Obligation to 
which “Reference Obligation Only” applies, such Reference Obligation shall continue to be the 
Reference Obligation. 
(d) 
DC Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution 
Notwithstanding the provision of Credit Linked Condition 18(b) (Substitute Reference Obligation), the 
Calculation Agent may, but shall not be obliged to, select as the Substitute Reference Obligation for a 
Series of Notes an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which is determined by DC Resolution 
to be the Substitute Reference Obligation to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
19 Calculation Agent Determination 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent is responsible for, inter alia: 
(i) 
determining a Successor or Successors and making any other determinations required to be made 
under Credit Linked Condition 16 (Successor Provisions); 
(ii) 
determining whether (A) the aggregate amounts due under any Reference Obligation have been 
materially reduced by redemption or otherwise (other than due to any scheduled redemption, 
amortisation or prepayments) (B) any Reference Obligation is an Underlying Obligation with a 
Qualifying Guarantee of a Reference Entity and, other than due to the existence or occurrence of 
a Credit Event, the Qualifying Guarantee is no longer a valid and binding Obligation of such 
Reference Entity enforceable in accordance with its terms, or (C) for any reason other than as 
described in (A) or (B) above and other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, 
any Reference Obligation is no longer an Obligation of a Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
identifying and determining a Substitute Reference Obligation; 
(iv) 
in the event that multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring Credit 
Event are delivered pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 10 (M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event), 
making any modifications required pursuant to that Credit Linked Condition; 
(v) 
obtaining Quotations (and, if necessary, determining whether such Quotations shall include or 
exclude accrued but unpaid interest) and determining the Final Price in accordance with the 
applicable Valuation Method;

--- Page 258 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
251 
(vi) 
converting the Quotation Amount into the relevant Obligation Currency; 
(vii) 
determining the Quotation Dealers (where none have been specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
and substituting Quotation Dealers; 
(viii) determining the Currency Rate; 
(ix) 
determining any Adjustment payment pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 8 (Event 
Determination Date Adjustment Payment); 
(x) 
if “Include Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to Deliverable 
Obligations, determining accrued but unpaid interest; and 
(xi) 
determining whether a Merger Event has occurred. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after making any of the determinations specified in 
sub-paragraphs (a)(i) to (xi) of this Credit Linked Condition 19 (Calculation Agent Determination) 
notify the Issuer of such determination. 
(c) 
If any of the matters set out in this Credit Linked Condition 19 (Calculation Agent Determination) are 
decided and/or determined by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the Calculation Agent 
may follow such decision or determination to the extent such decision and/or determination is applicable 
to any Credit Linked Notes. In certain circumstances, the Calculation Agent shall be required to follow 
the decisions or determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or determinations 
made by the Calculation Agent may be overridden by subsequent determinations made by a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
20 Notices 
(a) 
Notices required to be delivered 
The Issuer shall deliver, or may cause the Agent to deliver, notice to the Noteholders of the following, 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 (Notices), to the extent required to be delivered pursuant 
to the terms of the Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
A Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information; 
(ii) 
A Successor Notice and, if applicable, details of any amendments to the weighting of each 
Reference Entity within the basket or index (as applicable) (provided that no Successor Notice 
shall be required following a determination by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
that a Succession Event has occurred); 
(iii) 
If the terms of any Credit Linked Notes provide for the basket or index (as applicable) to be 
amended from time to time other than as a result of the identification of any Successor, details of 
any amendments to the basket or index (as applicable); 
(iv) 
The designation of any Substitute Reference Obligation (provided that (A) no such notice shall 
be required following a determination by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee of a 
Substitute Reference Obligation has occurred and (B) the failure of the Issuer to deliver a notice 
to the Noteholders pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 20 (Notices) shall not affect the 
effectiveness of any designation of such Substitute Reference Obligation by the Calculation 
Agent (such designation to be in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions); 
(v) 
A Notice of Suspended Interest;

--- Page 259 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
252 
(vi) 
Following the determination of the Redemption Amount with respect to any Credit Linked Notes 
in respect of which “Cash Redemption” is applicable as the Credit Event Redemption Method or 
Fallback Redemption Method, a notice specifying, to the extent applicable: 
(A) 
the Valuation Obligation(s) which were the subject of the Quotation; 
(B) 
the Valuation Date; 
(C) 
the Quotation Amount; 
(D) 
the Quotations obtained; 
(E) 
the Final Price (if applicable); 
(F) 
the Fixed Recovery Percentage (if applicable); 
(G) 
the Principal Protected Amount (if applicable); 
(H) 
the Redemption Amount; and 
(I) 
if applicable, any Unwind Costs; 
(vii) 
Following the determination of the Redemption Amount with respect to any Credit Linked Notes 
in respect of which “Auction Redemption” is applicable as the Credit Event Redemption Method, 
a notice specifying the Redemption Amount (including the Auction Final Price and, if applicable, 
the Unwind Costs); 
(viii) A Notice to Exercise Movement Option; 
(ix) 
A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice; or 
(x) 
A Redemption Suspension Notice. 
(b) 
Effectiveness of Notices 
(i) 
Notwithstanding Credit Linked Condition 20 (Notices), any notice required to be delivered by 
the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to 
have been delivered to Noteholders upon delivery of such notice to the Agent. The failure of the 
Agent to deliver any such notice to Noteholders shall not affect the effectiveness of any notice 
delivered by the Issuer or the effectiveness of any determinations by the Calculation Agent or the 
Issuer or, as applicable, the right of the Issuer to redeem the Credit Linked Notes (or, with respect 
to Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes, the Applicable Proportion 
thereof) pursuant to and in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 1 (Redemption of Credit 
Linked Notes). 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding Credit Linked Condition 20 (Notices), a notice delivered by the Issuer to the 
Agent on or prior to 4:00 p.m. (London time) on an Issuer Business Day will be effective on such 
Issuer Business Day. A notice delivered after 4:00 p.m. (London time) on an Issuer Business Day 
will be deemed effective on the next following Issuer Business Day, regardless of the form in 
which it is delivered. 
21 Definitions 
The following definitions which relate to the Credit Linked Notes should be read in conjunction with the Credit 
Linked Conditions:

--- Page 260 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
253 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity 
that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with 
the person. For this purpose, “control” of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of the entity or person. 
“Aggregate Unwind Costs” means the aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of the occurrence 
of each Relevant Credit Event and Relevant Event Determination Date. 
“Applicable Auction” means an Auction which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to a Credit Event 
with respect to a Reference Entity and Obligations thereof and which relates to deliverable obligations which 
would constitute Reference Obligation(s) and/or Valuation Obligation(s), as applicable, under the Notes (or if 
an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, which relates to the Asset Package for obligations which would 
constitute Prior Deliverable Obligation(s) or Package Observable Bond(s), as applicable, under the Notes) (for 
which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the credit derivatives transaction(s) and the 
relevant seniority level thereof, credit event, reference entity, obligations and deliverable obligations to which 
the Auction relates and, if the Auction relates to an M(M)R Restructuring, the Scheduled Maturity Date of the 
Notes and the scheduled termination date of the credit derivatives transactions covered by the Auction and the 
maturity date of the deliverable obligations to which the Auction relates, and (b) any credit hedging transaction 
that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Notes). 
“Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms” means with respect to a Reference Entity, a 
Credit Event and an Applicable Auction, the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (if any) which the 
Calculation Agent determines are relevant to the Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into 
account (a) the credit derivatives transaction(s) and the relevant seniority level thereof, credit event, reference 
entity, obligation(s), deliverable obligations, Package Observable Bonds and Prior Deliverable Obligations (as 
applicable) which are the subject of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms and the Credit 
Events, Reference Entities and Obligations and Valuation Obligations under the Notes and (b) any credit 
hedging transaction that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Notes). The Calculation 
Agent shall, as soon as practicable after the relevant Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
are published, notify the Issuer that Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms have been 
published with respect to a Reference Entity and a Credit Event and make a copy thereof available for inspection 
by Noteholders. 
“Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement” means a DC Credit Event Announcement which the 
Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into 
account (a) the credit derivatives transaction(s), credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof to which 
such DC Credit Event Announcement relates and the terms of the Notes and (b) any credit hedging transaction 
that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Notes). 
“Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement” means a DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement 
which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may 
take into account (a) the credit derivatives transaction(s), credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof 
which are the subject of the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement) and (b) any credit hedging transaction 
that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Notes). 
“Applicable DC Credit Event Question” means a DC Credit Event Question which the Calculation Agent 
determines is relevant to the Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the 
credit derivatives transaction(s), credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof which are the subject of 
the DC Credit Event Question) and (b) any credit hedging transaction that the Issuer has entered or may enter 
into in connection with the Notes).

--- Page 261 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
254 
“Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal” means a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal which the 
Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into 
account (a) the credit derivatives transaction(s), credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof which 
are the subject of the DC Credit Event Question Dismissal) and (b) any credit hedging transaction that the Issuer 
has entered or may enter into in connection with the Notes). 
“Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement” means a DC No Credit Event Announcement which the 
Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into 
account (a) the credit derivatives transaction(s), credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof which 
are the subject of the DC No Credit Event Announcement and the Credit Events, Reference Entities and 
Obligations thereof under the Notes and (b) any credit hedging transaction that the Issuer has entered or may 
enter into in connection with the Notes). 
“Applicable Percentage” means in respect of a Relevant Credit Event: 
(a) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event and the Note is a Single Name 
Credit Linked Note, 100 per cent.; 
(b) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event and the Note is a Basket Credit 
Linked Note, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of 
the Reference Entity to which the relevant Credit Event or the relevant redemption relates divided by 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Basket Credit Linked Notes; 
(c) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event and the Note is a Index Tranche 
Credit Linked Note, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Principal Writedown Amount 
for the Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred divided by the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes; or 
(d) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, means an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the 
relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Notes. 
“Applicable Proportion” means the Applicable Percentage multiplied by the Specified Denomination of each 
Credit Linked Note.  
“Applicable Resolution” means a DC Resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee which the 
Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into 
account (a) the credit derivatives transaction(s), credit event, succession event, reference entity and obligation(s) 
thereof and any other factor to which the DC Resolution relates and the terms of the Notes and (b) any hedging 
transaction that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Notes). 
“Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms” means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Credit 
Event, the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms which the Calculation Agent determines 
constitute Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Asset” means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any “early-bird” or other consent 
fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid or provided by 
the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised or capable of being realised in 
circumstances where the right and/or other asset no longer exists). 
“Asset Market Value” means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine by 
reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee.

--- Page 262 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
255 
“Asset Package” means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion received 
or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event (which may 
include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant 
Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. An Asset Package 
shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond (as applicable) to which it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset 
Package Credit Event. 
“Asset Package Credit Event” means: 
(a) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” and “Governmental Intervention” are specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms: (i) a Governmental Intervention; or (ii) a Restructuring in respect of the 
Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, if “Restructuring” is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms and such Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and “Restructuring” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or 
the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
“Auction” means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Credit Event, unless otherwise specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms an auction pursuant to which an Auction Final Price is to be 
determined in accordance with the auction procedure set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
“Auction Cancellation Date” means, with respect to an Auction, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the date on which such Auction was deemed to have been 
cancelled as announced by the DC Secretary (and/or the administrators specified in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms) on its website or such other date as determined and announced in 
accordance with the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Auction Final Price” means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the price (expressed as a percentage) in respect of the 
deliverable obligations which would constitute Reference Obligation(s) and/or Valuation Obligation(s) under 
the Notes if an Asset Package Credit Event has resulted in such Applicable Auction, in respect of the Asset 
Package which results from either a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond under the 
Notes, determined to be the Auction Final Price in accordance with the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after publication of the Auction Final 
Price in respect of an Applicable Auction make available for inspection by Noteholders a copy of the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and copies of the relevant publication of the Auction Final 
Price. If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and the Calculation Agent determines that the Auction 
Final Price does not reflect the entire relevant Asset Package (including any cash forming part of the Asset 
Package and any cash in respect of the Asset Market Value of any Non-Financial Instrument or Non-
Transferable Instrument), the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment as it deems necessary to the Auction 
Final Price in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 11(c) (Auction Final Price of the Asset Package). 
“Auction Final Price Determination Date” means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, the day, if any, on 
which the Auction Final Price is determined or such other date as specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms.

--- Page 263 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
256 
“Auction Settlement Date” means the date which is the number of Business Days specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not specified, three Business Days) 
immediately following the Auction Final Price Determination Date. 
“Bankruptcy” means the Reference Entity (a) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger), (b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a 
judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become 
due, (c) makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective, (d) institutes 
or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented 
against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an 
order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof, (e) has a 
resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger), (f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets, (g) has a secured 
party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration 
or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured 
party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within thirty calendar days thereafter, or (h) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs (a) 
to (g) of this definition. 
“Basket Credit Linked Notes” means Notes which are specified as such in the Final Terms, which are linked 
to the losses and recoveries in respect of either: 
(a) 
two or more Reference Entities specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
the component Reference Entities of the Index specified in the Final Terms. 
“Conditionally Transferable Obligation” means a Valuation Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case 
of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees without the consent of 
any person being required, in the case of any Valuation Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of the 
Valuation Date, provided, however, that a Valuation Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a 
Valuation Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Valuation Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or transfer, so 
long as the terms of such Valuation Obligation provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Valuation Obligation be 
provided to a trustee, Agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Valuation Obligation 
shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of “Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation”. 
“Conforming Reference Obligation” means a Reference Obligation which is a Valuation Obligation 
determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Valuation Obligation”. 
“Continuing Redemption Failure Event” has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 14(b) 
(Continuing Redemption Failure Event).

--- Page 264 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
257 
“Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms” means any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
published by ISDA a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor 
website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from time to time. The Calculation Agent shall be 
authorised to construe any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (including any Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms) in such manner as it shall determine in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to be necessary in order to give effect to the meaning of any word 
or expression used herein which is defined by reference to such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee” means each committee established pursuant to the DC 
Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions. 
“Credit Event” means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of one or more of the following 
Credit Events as specified in the relevant Final Terms: Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, 
Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention. If an occurrence 
would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether or not such 
occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any Obligation or, 
as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or 
any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or 
judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or 
notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar 
restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
“Credit Event Backstop Date” means (a) for the purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or, with 
respect to a Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition 
thereof), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is sixty calendar days prior to the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date or (b) otherwise, the date that is sixty calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the 
“Notice Delivery Date”, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period and (ii) the Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Post Dismissal Additional Period. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
“Credit Event Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to the Agent which the Issuer has the right 
but not the obligation to deliver that: 
(a) 
identifies the Series of Credit Linked Notes to which the Credit Event Notice relates; 
(b) 
states the Issuer’s intention to redeem all (or, with respect to Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Tranche Credit Linked Notes, the Applicable Proportion thereof) of the Credit Linked Notes and the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Method; and 
(c) 
describes a Credit Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the 
Extension Date.

--- Page 265 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
258 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date must 
relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring must be in respect of 
the full Reference Entity Notional Amount of the affected Reference Entity in the relevant Series. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination 
that a Credit Event has occurred. The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice need not be 
continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. 
“Credit Event Redemption Method” means “Auction Redemption”, “Cash Redemption”, or “Fixed Recovery 
Redemption”, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Credit Event Resolution Request Date” means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date, as 
publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available Information with respect to 
such DC Credit Event Question. 
“Credit Linked Note” means a Single Name Credit Linked Note, a Basket Credit Linked Note or an Index 
Tranche Credit Linked Note. 
“DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date” means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Announcement, the 
Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the date that is 14 calendar days 
following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable. 
“DC Credit Event Announcement” means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public announcement by 
the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event 
that constitutes a Credit Event for the purposes of the relevant Series has occurred on or after the Credit Event 
Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date provided that if the Credit Event occurred after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to 
Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
“DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement” means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened to 
Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
“DC Credit Event Question” means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event in respect 
to a Reference Entity of the relevant Series has occurred. 
“DC Credit Event Question Dismissal” means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public announcement 
by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to 
determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
“DC No Credit Event Announcement” means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a Credit Event with 
respect to such Reference Entity. 
“DC Resolution” means a resolution of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with 
the definition of “Resolve” below.

--- Page 266 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
259 
“DC Rules” means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by ISDA on its 
website www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time 
in accordance with the terms hereof. 
“DC Secretary” means ISDA or such other entity designated as DC Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules. 
“Default Requirement” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, as of the occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event. 
“Deliverable Obligation Terms” has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
“Domestic Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms and any successor 
currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor currency of (a) the 
relevant Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference 
Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). 
“Domestic Law” means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a Sovereign, 
or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
“Downstream Affiliate” means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance of the 
Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity. 
“Due and Payable Amount” means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity under the 
obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in respect of 
default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any portion of such amount 
which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be 
reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance 
(other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with 
the terms of the obligation in effect on the Valuation Date. 
“Eligible Information” means information which is publicly available or which can be made public without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information. 
“Eligible Transferee” means 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity specified in 
sub-paragraph (i) of this definition); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the sub-paragraph (a) of this definition; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralised debt obligation, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose vehicle) that

--- Page 267 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
260 
(A) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 or (B) is one of a group of investment vehicles 
under common control or management having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least USD 
100,000,000; 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed or otherwise 
supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support or other agreement by an entity described in 
sub-paragraph (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) of this definition; and 
(d) 
(i) 
any Sovereign; or 
(ii) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European 
Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition of “Eligible Transferee” to USD include equivalent amounts in other currencies 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
“Event Determination Date” means, with respect to a Credit Event and: 
(a) 
a Series where “Auction Redemption” is specified as the applicable Credit Event Redemption Method 
and “Event Determination Date Version B” is not specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
subject to sub-paragraph (ii) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery 
Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, 
provided that neither (A) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (B) a DC No Credit 
Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the 
Credit Event Notice; or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (i) of this definition, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, 
if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has 
occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade 
Date) and either: 
(A) 
(I) the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) the Trade Date occurs on or 
prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
(I) the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) a Credit Event Notice is delivered 
by a Notifying Party to the other party and is effective on or prior to the Exercise Cut-off 
Date, 
provided that: 
(1) 
no Redemption Date, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity has occurred on or prior 
to the date on which the Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(2) 
if any Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Reference Entity has occurred on or prior 
to the date on which the Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, an 
Event Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only with respect to the 
portion of the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or, if the 
Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes, the

--- Page 268 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
261 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Reference Entity to which the Event 
Determination Date relates, if any, with respect to which no Valuation Date has occurred; 
and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit Event has 
previously been delivered by the Issuer to the Agent, (aa) unless the M(M)R Restructuring 
specified in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, (bb) 
unless, and to the extent that, the Exercise Amount specified in such Credit Event Notice 
was less than the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or, if 
the Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes, the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the affected Reference Entity, or (cc) unless a credit 
derivatives transaction with the same tenor and deliverable obligation provisions as the 
Valuation Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes would be an “Auction 
Covered Transaction” for the purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms and the deliverable obligations set out on the Final List are identical to 
the Permissible Deliverable Obligations for such Series; or 
(b) 
a Series where sub-paragraph (a) of this definition does not apply, the Non-Standard Event 
Determination Date. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, and unless the Issuer or the Calculation Agent otherwise elects by notice 
to the Agent, no Event Determination Date will occur with respect to an event, and any Event 
Determination Date previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have occurred, 
if, or to the extent that, prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date, or the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement occurs with respect to such event. 
“Excluded Obligation” means: 
(a) 
any Obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and the 
relevant Reference Entity is a Senior Reference Entity, then for purposes of determining whether a 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and the 
relevant Reference Entity is a Subordinated Reference Entity, then for purposes of determining whether 
a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
“Excluded Valuation Obligation” means: 
(a) 
any Obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components have been 
stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of the 
relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
“Exercise Amount” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 10 (M(M)R Restructuring 
Credit Event).

--- Page 269 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
262 
“Exercise Cut-off Date” means either: 
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and a Series to which sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
“Event Determination Date” applies: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms may be published, the date that is 
seven Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is published; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction Announcement 
Date; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event and a Series to which sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Event 
Determination Date” does not apply, the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves. 
“Extended Maturity Date” means, if Maturity Date Extension applies pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 9 
(Maturity Date Extension) and no Relevant Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension 
Date, the date falling 5 Business Days after the Notes Extension Date or, if Maturity Date Extension applies 
pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 9 (Maturity Date Extension) and a Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date, the relevant Redemption Date. 
“Extension Date” means the latest of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (b) the Grace Period Extension Date if 
(i) “Failure to Pay” and “Grace Period Extension” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date and (c) the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if “Repudiation/Moratorium” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable. 
“Failure to Pay” means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Reference Entity to make, 
when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under 
one or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as a result 
of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of the 
redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the 
redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as 
determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
“Fallback Redemption Method” means, with respect to a Series for which “Auction Redemption” is the Credit 
Event Redemption Method, and if Credit Linked Condition 11(a) (Fallback Redemption) applies, Cash 
Redemption. 
“Final List” means the final list of deliverable obligations, Package Observable Bonds, Prior Deliverable 
Obligations (as applicable) and/or Assets which are the subject of the related Auction determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with the DC Rules. 
“Final Price” means the price of the Valuation Obligation(s) selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, expressed as a percentage, determined in accordance with the 
specified Valuation Method, provided that (i) for the purposes of identifying the Valuation Obligations for the 
purposes of determining the Final Price, if an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred any Valuation Obligation 
which is a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond (as applicable) shall include the resulting

--- Page 270 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
263 
Asset Package and the Final Price for such Valuation Obligation shall be the Final Price for the relevant Asset 
Package determined in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 12(iii) (Determination of Final Price). 
“Final Price Determination Date” means the day, if any, on which the Final Price is determined in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 12 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
“Fixed Cap” means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the 
Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided that a Fixed 
Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more variable inputs (and for 
these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall 
not be considered to be variable inputs). 
“Fixed Recovery Percentage” means, if “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the Final Terms, the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Full Quotation” means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each firm quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the Reference 
Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, equal to the 
Quotation Amount. 
“Fully Transferable Obligation” means a Valuation Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, 
or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being 
required, in the case of any Valuation Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of the Valuation Date. Any 
requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Valuation Obligation be provided to a 
trustee, Agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent, for a Valuation Obligation shall not be 
considered to be a requirement for consent for the purposes of this definition of “Fully Transferable Obligation”. 
“Funding Interest Rate” means a rate per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms which shall be based 
on the cost to the Issuer if it were to fund or of funding the amount on which such interest is accruing. 
“Further Subordinated Obligation” means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any Obligation which is Subordinated thereto. 
“Governmental Authority” means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority, inter-governmental or supranational 
body; or 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged 
with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of the Reference 
Entity or some or all of its Obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to the entities specified in sub-paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of this 
definition. 
“Governmental Intervention” means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs as 
a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a 
restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable 
to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for 
under the terms of such Obligation:

--- Page 271 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
264 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of interest, 
or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of 
such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the 
Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs (a)(i) to (iii) of 
this definition. 
For purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying 
Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
“Grace Period” means: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the applicable grace period with respect to 
payments under and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of which 
such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if “Grace Period Extension” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a Potential Failure to 
Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and the applicable grace period cannot, by 
its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Grace Period shall be deemed to be the 
lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no period 
is specified, 30 calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect to payments 
or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period Business Days is applicable 
under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed 
to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless “Grace Period Extension” is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
“Grace Period Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in the Relevant 
Obligation or, if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET 
Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally 
open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
“Grace Period Extension Date” means, if (a) “Grace Period Extension” is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, as 
the case may be, the date that is five Business Days following the day falling after the number of days in the 
Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. If “Grace Period Extension” is not specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Grace Period Extension shall not apply.

--- Page 272 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
265 
“Guarantee” means, for the purpose of the Credit Linked Conditions only, a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee 
which is the Reference Obligation. 
“Index” means, in respect of Basket Credit Linked Note or an Index Tranche Credit Linked Note, the Index 
specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes” means Notes which are specified as such in the Final Terms, which are 
linked to a tranche of the losses and recoveries in respect of the component Reference Entities of the Index 
specified in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Suspension Accrual Date” means the earlier to occur of the day prior to: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
(i) 
if “Credit Event Accrued Interest” is specified in the Final Terms as not applicable, the Interest 
Payment Date (or the Issue Date where no Interest Payment Date has occurred) occurring on or 
immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
if “Credit Event Accrued Interest” is specified in the Final Terms as applicable, the Relevant 
Event Determination Date. 
“Interest Suspension Payment Date” means: 
(i) 
if “Credit Event Suspended Interest” is specified in the Final Terms as not applicable, five Business Days 
after (i) if a Relevant Credit Event has occurred, the date the Auction Final Price or Final Price (as 
applicable) is so determined or (ii) if a Relevant Credit Event has not occurred, the date of the Applicable 
DC No Credit Event Announcement or Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, as applicable; 
or  
(ii) 
if “Credit Event Suspended Interest” is specified in the Final Terms as applicable, on the Interest 
Payment Date immediately following the date which is five Business Days after (i) if a Relevant Credit 
Event has occurred, the date the Auction Final Price or Final Price (as applicable) is so determined or 
(ii) if a Relevant Credit Event has not occurred, the date of the Applicable DC No Credit Event 
Announcement or Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, as applicable. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc., (or any successor organisation 
thereto). 
“Issuer Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally 
open to settle payments in London. 
“Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan” has the meaning given to that term in the definition of 
“Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date”. 
“Limitation Date” means the first of March 20, June 20, September 20 or December 20 in any year to occur 
on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the Restructuring Date: 
2.5 years (the “2.5-year Limitation Date”), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the “10-year Limitation Date”), 12.5 
years, 15 years or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention. 
“Market Value” means, with respect to the relevant Valuation Obligation on a Valuation Date, (a) if more than 
three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full 
Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same 
highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (b) if 
exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and 
lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, 
then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (c) if exactly two Full Quotations are

--- Page 273 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
266 
obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; (d) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and a 
Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; (e) if fewer than two Full 
Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, subject to sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of “Quotation”, an amount that the Calculation Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on 
which two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained; and (f) if two or more Full 
Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not obtained within the ten Business Day period set forth in 
sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of “Quotation” the Market Value shall be determined as provided in such 
definition. 
“Maturity Date Extension” means an extension determined in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 9 
(Maturity Date Extension). 
“Merger Event” means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (but 
excluding) the Extended Maturity Date the Issuer or a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or 
merges into, or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, 
or the Issuer and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
“M(M)R Restructuring” means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either “Mod R” or “Mod 
Mod R” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Modified Eligible Transferee” means any Issuer, financial institution or other entity which is regularly 
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, notes and other financial 
assets. 
“Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date” means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, the Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Movement Option” means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring to which a No Auction Announcement 
Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of “No Auction Announcement 
Date”, the option of the Issuer to determine the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, that shall be deemed 
to be applicable for the purposes of the Notes and if Auction Redemption is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method in respect of a Reference Entity and a Credit Event (for which purpose the Issuer may take into account 
(a) the terms of the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the Permissible Deliverable Obligations 
thereunder, the Valuation Obligations under the Notes and (b) any hedging transaction that the Issuer has or 
may enter into in connection with the Notes). 
“Movement Option Cut-off Date” the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following the Exercise 
Cut-off Date, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved. 
“Multiple Holder Obligation” has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 17 (Multiple Holder 
Obligation). 
“No Auction Announcement Date” means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that (a) no Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published, (b) following the 
occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will be published, but Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms will be published, or (c) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that no Auction will be held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the 
contrary, in circumstances where either (i) no Parallel Auction will be held, or (ii) one or more Parallel Auctions

--- Page 274 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
267 
will be held. For the avoidance of doubt, a No Auction Announcement Date will not occur solely by reason of 
the Credit Linked Notes not being covered by any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Non-Conforming Reference Obligation” means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming 
Reference Obligation. 
“Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation” means an Obligation which would be a Valuation 
Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Valuation Obligation” on the 
Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the Reference Obligation 
constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately 
prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable). 
“Non-Financial Instrument” means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable for being 
traded in, financial markets. 
“Non-Standard Event Determination Date” means, with respect to a Credit Event and a Series to which 
“Non-Standard Event Determination Date” applies: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date 
occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, provided that 
neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (ii) a DC No Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (a) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred 
and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A) 
“Event Determination Date Version B” is not specified as applicable and “Auction 
Settlement” is not specified as the applicable Credit Event Redemption Method in the 
relevant Final Terms; (II) the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(III) the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement; 
or 
(B) 
either: 
(III) 
(1) 
“Event Determination Date Version B” is specified as applicable and 
“Auction Settlement” is specified as the applicable Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(2) 
“Event Determination Date Version B” is not specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R 
Restructuring; and 
(IV) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Issuer to the Agent and is effective on or 
prior to the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, or 
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Issuer to the Agent and is effective 
during either the Notice Delivery Period or the period from, and including, the date of the DC 
Credit Event Announcement to, and including, the date that is 14 calendar days thereafter 
(provided, in each case, that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or 
prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)), 
if either:

--- Page 275 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
268 
(A) 
 
(I) 
“Event Determination Date Version B” is not specified as applicable and “Auction 
Settlement” is not specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(II) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(III) 
the Trade Date occurs and following the date of the related DC Credit Event 
Announcement on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
 
(I) 
“Event Determination Date Version B” is specified as applicable and the Trade 
Date occurs and 
(II) 
either: 
(1) 
“Auction Settlement” is not specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(2) 
“Auction Settlement” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
in the relevant Final Terms and a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the 
Issuer to the Agent and is effective on a date that is later than the relevant 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date. 
provided that: 
(1) 
no Redemption Date in respect of the relevant Reference Entity has 
occurred on or prior to the date on which the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(2) 
if any Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Reference Entity has 
occurred on or prior to the date on which the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Meeting Announcement occurs, a Non-Standard Event Determination Date 
shall be deemed to have occurred only, if the Notes are Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes, with respect to the portion of the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or, if the Notes are Basket Credit Linked 
Notes or Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes, the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of the Reference Entity to which the Event Determination Date 
relates, if any, with respect to which no Valuation Date has occurred; and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only 
Credit Event has previously been delivered by the Issuer to the Agent, (aa) 
unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is 
also the subject of the Applicable DC Credit Event Question resulting in the 
occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, (bb) unless, and to 
the extent that, if the Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the 
Exercise Amount specified in any such Credit Event Notice was less than 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or, if 
the Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranche Credit Linked 
Notes, the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the affected Reference 
Entity or (cc) unless a credit derivatives transaction with the same tenor and 
deliverable obligation provisions as the Credit Linked Notes would be an

--- Page 276 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
269 
“Auction Covered Transaction” for the purpose of the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms and the deliverable obligations set 
out on the Final List are identical to the Permissible Deliverable Obligations 
for such Series. 
“Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date” means, with respect to a Credit Event and a Series to which sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of “Event Determination Date” does not apply: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(iii) 
the date that is 14 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is seven Relevant City 
Business Days following the date on which such Final List is published; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction Announcement 
Date. 
“Non-Standard Reference Obligation” means each Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation or if a 
Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined in respect of any such Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
“Non-Transferable Instrument” means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to institutional 
investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
“Notes Extension Date” means the later to occur of (a) the last applicable day specified in the definition of 
“Notice Delivery Period” in respect of each Reference Entity with respect to which Maturity Date Extension 
applies pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 9 (Maturity Date Extension) and (b) 14 calendar days after the DC 
Credit Event Announcement or (c) the last day of the Post Dismissal Additional Period. 
“Notice Delivery Date” means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, unless “Notice 
of Publicly Available Information” is specified as not applicable in relevant Final Terms, an effective Notice of 
Publicly Available Information, has been delivered by the Issuer to the Agent. 
“Notice Delivery Period” means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the date that is 
14 calendar days after the Extension Date. 
“Notice of Publicly Available Information” means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to the Agent that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
as 
applicable, 
described 
in 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Notice 
or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description in reasonable 
detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If “Notice of Publicly Available Information” is specified 
as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms and the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension 
Notice 
contains 
Publicly 
Available 
Information, 
such 
Credit 
Event 
Notice 
or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information.

--- Page 277 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
270 
“Notice of Suspended Interest” means a notice required to be delivered in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 2(f) (Notice of Suspended Interest). 
“Notice to Exercise Movement Option” with respect to a Series where (a) an M(M)R Restructuring is 
applicable and (b) the Fallback Redemption Method would otherwise be applicable pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 11(a)(ii) (Fallback Redemption), a notice from the Issuer to the Agent that (i) specifies the Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms which shall be applicable in accordance with the Issuer’s exercise of the Movement 
Option and (ii) is dated on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
“Obligation” means (a) any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the method described in “Method for Determining Obligations” below; and 
(b) the Reference Obligation, in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
(A) 
Method for Determining Obligations: 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Obligation” above, an Obligation is each 
obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Obligation Category specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and having each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
each case, immediately prior, the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event Notice or 
the Applicable DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, as applicable. The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(I) 
“Obligation Category” means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, 
Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms, and: 
(II) 
“Bond” means any obligation of a type included in the “Borrowed Money” Obligation Category 
that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to 
Loans), certificated debt notes or other debt notes and shall not include any other type of 
Borrowed Money; 
(III) 
“Bond or Loan” means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan; 
(IV) 
“Borrowed Money” means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the 
payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits 
and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit); 
(V) 
“Loan” means any obligation of a type included in the “Borrowed Money” Obligation Category 
that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit 
agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(VI) 
“Payment” means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the 
payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money; and 
(VII) “Reference Obligation Only” means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no 
Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only. 
(c) 
“Obligation Characteristics” means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not 
Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance, and: 
(i) 
 
(A) 
“Not Subordinated” means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (I) the Reference 
Obligation or (II) the “Prior Reference Obligation” if applicable;

--- Page 278 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
271 
(B) 
“Subordination” means, with respect to an obligation (the “Second Obligation”) and 
another obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared 
(the “First Obligation”), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (I) 
upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding up of the Reference Entity, 
claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims 
of the holders of the Second Obligation or (II) the holders of the Second Obligation will 
not be entitled to receive or retain principal payments in respect of their claims against the 
Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise 
in default under the First Obligation. “Subordinated” will be construed accordingly. For 
the purposes of determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is 
Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it is being compared, (1) the 
existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support 
or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be taken into account, 
except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be 
taken into account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (2) in the case of the 
Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in 
priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred 
(or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is 
the Standard Reference Obligation and “Standard Reference Obligation” is applicable, 
then the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, 
shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date; and 
(C) 
“Prior Reference Obligation” means, in circumstances where there is no Reference 
Obligation applicable to a Series, (I) the Reference Obligation most recently applicable 
thereto, if any, and otherwise, (II) the obligation specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Reference Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior 
to the Trade Date and otherwise, (III) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of 
the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
“Specified Currency” means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if “Specified Currency” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the 
euro is a Specified Currency, “Specified Currency” shall also include an obligation that was 
previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such 
redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member 
State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority; 
(iii) 
“Not Sovereign Lender” means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign or 
(B) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European 
Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally 
referred to as “Paris Club debt”; 
(iv) 
“Not Domestic Currency” means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the 
applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute 
a Domestic Currency;

--- Page 279 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
272 
(v) 
“Not Domestic Law” means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, 
provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute 
Domestic Law; 
(vi) 
“Listed” means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an 
exchange; and 
(vii) 
“Not Domestic Issuance” means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or 
reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market 
of the relevant Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other 
action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of 
the relevant Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified 
for sale within the domestic market of the Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or 
reissued as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market 
of the Reference Entity. 
“Obligation Acceleration” means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result 
of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however 
described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or 
more Obligations. 
“Obligation Currency” means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
“Obligation Default” means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have been 
due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar 
condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the 
Reference Entity under one or more Obligations.  
“Original Aggregate Nominal Amount” means, on the Issue Date, the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
of such Series specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation” means each obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a Guarantee) which is specified as a Reference Obligation in the relevant Final Terms 
(if any is so specified). 
“Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount” means, in respect of a Series of Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, on any date, the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount less the aggregate of any Applicable Proportions of the Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes, Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, that 
have been previously redeemed (subject to a minimum of zero) in each case taking into account any 
amortisation, partial redemptions (including pursuant to the Credit Linked Conditions) or further issues of the 
Notes of such Series on or prior to such date. 
The “Outstanding Principal Balance” of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity’s principal payment 
obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of “Accrued Interest”, the Reference 
Entity’s accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the 
lower of (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) 
of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were references to the 
Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any);

--- Page 280 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
273 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation, 
(i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of 
time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (A) payment 
or (B) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
“Outstanding Principal Balance” less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b), 
the “Non-Contingent Amount”); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding Principal 
Balance, in each case, determined: (i) unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the 
obligation in effect on the Valuation Date; and (ii) with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in 
accordance with any applicable laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to 
reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
in each case, determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on the Valuation Date; 
and 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar as such 
laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the 
obligation). 
For the purpose of this definition of “Outstanding Principal Balance”, “Quantum of the Claim” means the lowest 
amount of the claim which could be validly asserted against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-
Contingent Amount if the obligation had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise 
become due and payable at the time of the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim 
cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount. 
“Package Observable Bond” means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any obligation (a) 
which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from time to time (or any 
successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website from time to time and (b) 
which fell within the definition of Valuation Obligation set out in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of 
“Valuation Obligation”, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event was legally effective. 
“Parallel Auction” means the “Auction” which is the subject of the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Parallel Auction Cancellation Date” means the “Auction Cancellation Date” in respect of the relevant 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Parallel Auction Settlement Terms” means, following the occurrence of an “M(M)R Restructuring”, any 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such an M(M)R Restructuring 
if the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that the 
relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are substantially the same as the Valuation Obligation Provisions 
applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and for which a credit derivatives transaction with the same tenor 
as Series of the Credit Linked Notes would not be an “Auction Covered Transaction” for the purpose of the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Partial Nominal Amount” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 16 (Successor 
Provisions). 
“Payment Requirement” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or its equivalent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 1,000,000 or its equivalent in the

--- Page 281 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
274 
relevant Obligation Currency) in either case as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential 
Failure to Pay, as appropriate. 
“Permissible Deliverable Obligation” has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the deliverable obligations included on the Final List 
pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are applicable to that Auction. 
“Permitted Contingency” means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity’s 
payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of the 
payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or provisions 
allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment obligations in the case of any 
other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if “Subordinated European Insurance Terms” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(v) 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity’s obligations to be altered, discharged, released or 
suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, if “Financial 
Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf (such 
as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such obligation. 
“Permitted Transfer” means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption by any 
single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution of a new 
Guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also a transfer of all 
(or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
“Physical Settlement Matrix” means the “Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix” as most recently 
amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms) and as 
published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website). The Physical Settlement Matrix 
may be applicable to any Series of Notes where “Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms” are specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and one or more Transaction Type(s) are specified as applying to the 
Reference Entity(ies) of such Series of Notes. 
“Post Dismissal Additional Period” means the period from and including the date of the Applicable DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 14 calendar days thereafter (provided that the relevant 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery 
Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
“Potential Failure to Pay” means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any 
payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in 
accordance with the terms of such obligations at the time of such failure, without regard to any grace period or 
any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations. 
“Potential Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of an event described in sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of “Repudiation/Moratorium”.

--- Page 282 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
275 
“Prior Deliverable Obligation” means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable 
Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement), any 
Obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such Governmental 
Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition 
of Valuation Obligation set out in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of “Valuation Obligation”, 
in each case, immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally 
effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in respect of the 
Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement), 
such Reference Obligation, if any. 
“Private-side Loan” means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not publicly 
available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
“Prohibited Action” means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the 
factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) in the definition of “Credit Event” or right of set-off by or of the 
Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor 
“Public Source” means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall Street 
Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, AsahiShimbun, YomiuriShimbun, Financial Times, La 
Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main 
source(s) of business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is organised and any other 
internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
“Publicly Available Information” means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the 
determination that the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in a Credit 
Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have occurred and which (a) has been published in 
or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources, regardless of whether the reader or user thereof 
pays a fee to obtain such information; (b) is information received from or published by (i) the Reference Entity 
(or if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority 
thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such 
Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or 
agent bank for an Obligation, or (c) is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, 
however described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body; provided that where any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (a) to 
(c) of this definition above is not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it 
can be made public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) above in the first paragraph 
of this definition of “Publicly Available Information”, the party receiving such information may assume that 
such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other 
restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such information has 
not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate 
of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the 
party receiving such information.

--- Page 283 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
276 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (a) in relation to the definition of 
“Downstream Affiliate”, the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the Reference Entity and (b) that the 
relevant occurrence (i) has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement, (ii) is the result of exceeding 
any applicable Grace Period or (iii) has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to the events 
described in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of “Repudiation/Moratorium”. 
“Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee” means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference Entity in respect 
of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
“Qualifying Guarantee” means a Guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a statute 
or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes or is otherwise obliged to 
pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a 
Fixed Cap) due under an “Underlying Obligation” for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee 
of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent 
thereto in form under the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(i) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or any legal 
arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(ii) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto) the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity can 
be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event or circumstance other than: (i) by payment; (ii) by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) by operation of law; (iv) due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or (v) due to: (A) provisions permitting 
or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms; or (B) any Solvency Capital Provisions, if “Subordinated 
European Insurance Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, reduction, 
assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity and such provisions 
have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, in accordance with the terms 
of such Guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (A) a non-payment in respect 
of the Guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (B) an event of the type described in the definition of 
“Bankruptcy” in respect of the Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these 
purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the Guarantee or 
Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a Guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: (I) The benefit of a Qualifying Guarantee such 
Guarantee must be capable of being delivered together with the delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and (II) 
if a Guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap must be 
capable of being delivered together with the delivery of such Guarantee. 
“Quotation” means each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed as a 
percentage of the Valuation Obligation’s Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or if a 
Quotation is being obtained in respect of the Asset Package resulting from any Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event), as applicable, with respect to 
a Valuation Date in the manner that follows:

--- Page 284 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
277 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation Date from 
five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more such Full 
Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next 
following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day 
following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted 
Average Quotation. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average 
Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the applicable 
Valuation Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation 
Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the 
weighted average of any firm quotations for the Reference Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers 
at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation 
Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of 
the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
“Quotation Amount” means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent not in excess of the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, 
which shall be converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to 
exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained). Where an Asset Package 
Credit Event has occurred and a Valuation Obligation has been converted into an Asset Package, the Quotation 
Amount for all or any part of the Asset Package shall be such amount as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion. 
“Quotation Dealer” means, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, a dealer in obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, including each 
Quotation Dealer specified in the relevant Final Terms. Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer being in existence 
(with no successors), or not being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be 
obtained, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, substitute 
any other Quotation Dealer(s) for one or more of the foregoing. 
“Quotation Method” means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the relevant Final Terms by 
reference to one of the following terms (or, if no Quotation Method is specified, Bid shall apply), 
where: 
(a) 
“Bid” means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
“Offer” means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(c) 
“Mid-market” means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers and shall 
be averaged for purposes of determining a relevant Quotation Dealer’s quotation, 
provided that in respect of any Asset Package which is the subject of a Quotation, the Quotation Method shall 
be any of the above Quotation Methods selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, or 
any other method of quotation provided in the market for the relevant Asset as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, notwithstanding the Quotation Method specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Redemption Amount” means the Auction Redemption Amount, Cash Redemption Amount, Basket Auction 
Redemption Amount, Basket Cash Redemption Amount, Index Tranche Redemption Amount, Basket Final 
Auction Redemption Amount, Basket Final Cash Redemption Amount or Index Tranche Final Redemption 
Amount, as applicable.

--- Page 285 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
278 
“Redemption Date” means the Auction Redemption Date, Cash Redemption Date, Basket Auction Redemption 
Date, Basket Cash Redemption Date, Index Tranche Auction Redemption Date, Index Tranche Cash 
Redemption Date, Final Auction Redemption Date, Final Cash Redemption Date, Basket Final Auction 
Redemption Date, Basket Final Cash Redemption Date, Index Tranche Final Auction Redemption Date or Index 
Tranche Final Cash Redemption Date, as applicable. 
“Redemption Failure Event” means, in each case as determined by the Issuer in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, that (a) it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer to pay (due to 
an event beyond the control of the Issuer), or for a Noteholder to accept payment of (due to an event beyond 
the control of such Noteholder), any cash amount (including, without limitation, any portion of the Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Credit Linked Notes) required to be paid on the date scheduled for such payment, (b) 
the failure of a Noteholder to surrender a Credit Linked Note for cancellation on or before the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or the relevant Redemption Date, as the case may be. 
“Redemption Suspension Notice” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 15 (Effect of 
DC Announcements). 
“Reference Entity” means the entity specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. Any Successor to the 
Reference Entity either (a) identified by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the definition of “Successor” on or 
following the Trade Date or (b) identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution 
Request Date and publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date shall, in each case, 
with effect from the Succession Date, be the Reference Entity. 
“Reference Entity Notional Amount” means, in respect of each Reference Entity, either (i) the product of the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount and the Weighting for such Reference Entity or (ii) the amount specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, subject to amendment as provided herein. 
“Reference Obligation” means: 
(a) 
if “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Standard 
Reference Obligation; 
(b) 
if “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in which 
case the Reference Obligation(s) will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation(s), if any; or 
(c) 
if (i) “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, (ii) there is 
no Standard Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) 
the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference 
Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
“Reference Obligation Only Series” means a Series of Credit Linked Notes in respect of which (a) “Reference 
Obligation Only” is specified as the Obligation Category and the Valuation Obligation Category in the relevant 
Issue Terms in respect of such Reference Entity and (b) “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as not 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of such Reference Entity. 
“Relevant City Business Day” has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
“Relevant Credit Event” means: 
(a) 
in the case of Single Name Credit Linked, any Credit Event to occur with respect to the Reference Entity;

--- Page 286 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
279 
(b) 
in the case of Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event to occur with respect to any Reference 
Entity in the basket or the Index, as applicable; and 
(c) 
in the case of Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event to occur with respect to any 
Reference Entity in the Index once the Aggregate Loss Amount has reached the Loss Threshold Amount 
(as such terms are defined in Credit Linked Condition 5 (Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes)). 
“Relevant Event Determination Date” means the Event Determination Date occurring with respect to a 
Relevant Credit Event. 
“Relevant Guarantee” means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if “All Guarantees” is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
“Relevant Holder” means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the 
case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, immediately 
prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
relevant Series of Credit Linked Notes immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
“Relevant Obligations” means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category “Bond or Loan” and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession Date (or, if there is a 
Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or held by the 
Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination required to be 
made under the definition of “Successor”, make the appropriate adjustments required to take account of 
any Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan” that 
are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of 
the first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and the 
Reference Entity is a Senior Reference Entity, the Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior 
Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan”; and 
(d) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and the 
relevant Reference Entity is a Subordinated Reference Entity, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior 
Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category “Bond or Loan”, provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, “Relevant 
Obligations” shall have the same meaning as it would if the relevant Reference Entity were a Senior 
Reference Entity. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of both of the following events: (a) an authorised officer of 
the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (i) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in 
part, or challenges the validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement or (ii) declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de 
jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement; 
and (b) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, determined 
without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation that occurs on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date” means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (a) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (i) the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential

--- Page 287 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
280 
Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such 
payment date) and (b) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include 
Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in either 
case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date unless 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
The “Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition” is satisfied (a) if the DC Secretary publicly announces, 
pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively received on or prior to the date that is fourteen 
calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with 
respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date and such resolution constitutes an Applicable Resolution or (b) otherwise, by the delivery by the 
Issuer to the Agent of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, unless “Notice of Publicly Available 
Information” is specified not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information 
that is effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date. In all 
cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not 
capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (i) an event does not constitute a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity or (ii) an event that constitutes 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for the purposes of the relevant Credit Linked Notes has occurred with 
respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to the Agent that 
describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date. A 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant 
to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the 
occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice need not be continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
“Resolve” means, with respect to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the making of a specific 
determination in accordance with the DC Rules, and “Resolved” and “Resolves” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Restructured Bond or Loan” means an Obligation that is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which the relevant 
Restructuring has occurred. 
“Restructuring” means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that binds all 
holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient 
number of holders of such Obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or otherwise 
decreed) by the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation 
(including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of exchange) and such event is not expressly provided 
for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to 
the relevant Credit Linked Notes and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination);

--- Page 288 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
281 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual of interest or (ii) 
the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of such 
Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency other than 
the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States of 
America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the 
case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above in this definition of “Restructuring”, none of the following shall constitute a 
Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation denominated in a 
currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency in 
accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on 
European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs as a result of 
action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of 
conversion between euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination and there 
is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined by 
reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-paragraphs (a) 
to (e) of this definition of “Restructuring” due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment 
or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-paragraphs (a) 
to (e) of this definition of “Restructuring” in circumstances where such event does not directly or 
indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference 
Entity, provided that in respect of sub-paragraph (e) of this definition of “Restructuring” only, no such 
deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the 
redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in 
the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
For the purposes of this definition of “Restructuring”, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include 
Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a 
Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in this definition shall be deemed 
to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in this definition of “Restructuring” 
shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under sub-paragraphs 
(a) to (e) of this definition has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately 
prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
“Restructuring Date” means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms 
of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
“Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date” means, with respect to a Valuation Obligation, the Limitation Date 
occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final

--- Page 289 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
282 
maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or 
Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a “Latest Maturity 
Restructured Bond or Loan”) and the Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final 
maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
“Scheduled Maturity Date” means, in respect of an issue of Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Senior Obligation” means any Obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
obligation of the Reference Entity. 
“Senior Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity for which (a) the Reference Obligation(s) or Prior 
Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Senior Obligation provided that if there is more than one 
Reference Obligation for a Reference Entity, and not all of the Reference Obligations are Senior Obligations, 
then “Senior Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity in respect of which “Senior Level” is specified as the 
Seniority Level in the relevant Final Terms, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation. 
“Seniority Level” means, with respect to a Reference Entity, (a) “Senior Level” or “Subordinated Level” as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, or (b) if no such seniority level is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Senior Level” if the only Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or “Subordinated 
Level” if the only Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) 
“Senior Level”. 
“Settlement Currency” means the currency specified in the relevant Final Terms, or if no currency is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Specified Currency of the Credit Linked Notes. 
“Single Name Credit Linked Notes” means Notes which are specified as such in the Final Terms, in respect 
of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of one Reference Entity alone. 
“Solvency Capital Provisions” means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity’s payment 
obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise varied and which 
are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular tier. 
“Sovereign” means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
central bank) thereof. 
“Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation” means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a Restructuring that 
is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred 
and (b) which fell within the definition of a Valuation Obligation immediately preceding the date on which such 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring. 
“Sovereign Succession Event” means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an annexation, 
unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event. 
“Specified Number” means the number of Public Sources specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, two).

--- Page 290 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
283 
“SRO List” means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on 
its website from time to time. 
“Standard Reference Obligation” means the Obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant Seniority 
Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
“Standard Specified Currency” means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, France, 
Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to 
any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to 
and replaces the euro in whole). 
“Steps Plan” means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series of 
successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more entities. 
“Subordinated Obligation” means any Obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the Reference Entity existed. 
“Subordinated Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity for which the Reference Obligation(s) or Prior 
Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Subordinated Obligation provided that, if there is more than one 
Reference Obligation and not all of the Reference Obligations are Subordinated Reference Obligations, then 
“Subordinated Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Substitute Reference Obligation” means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to which a 
Substitution Event has occurred, the Obligation that may replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Reference Obligation). 
Notwithstanding the definition of “Substitute Reference Obligation” (a) no Substitute Reference Obligation 
shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only Series and (b) if the events set out in sub-
paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of “Substitution Event” occur with respect to the Reference Obligation in 
a Reference Obligation Only Series, such Reference Obligation shall continue to be the Reference Obligation. 
“Substitution Date” means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Agent of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it has identified in accordance 
with the definition of “Substitute Reference Obligation”. 
“Substitution Event” means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been reduced by 
redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(c) 
for any other reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is no longer an Obligation of the Reference Entity, (either directly or as provider 
of a Guarantee). 
For the purposes of the identification of a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation’s CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of itself, constitute a 
Substitution Event.

--- Page 291 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
284 
If an event described in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of this definition has occurred on or prior to the Trade Date, 
then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of this 
definition, as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
“Substitution Event Date” means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence of the 
relevant Substitution Event. 
“Succession Date” means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to some 
or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is a Steps Plan, 
the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if 
earlier (a) the date on which a determination pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Successor” 
would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (b) the occurrence of 
an Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a 
Successor. 
“Successor” means: 
(a) 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 16(e) (Eligible Successors), the entity or entities, if any, determined 
by the Calculation Agent or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (as applicable) as follows: 
(i) 
subject to sub-paragraph (vii) of this definition, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee to seventy five per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor in respect of (i) if the Notes are 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the entire Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Notes as at the Succession Date or (ii) if the Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Tranche Credit Linked Notes, the entire Reference Entity Notional Amount of that original 
Reference Entity outstanding as at the Succession Date; 
(ii) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee to more than 
twenty five per cent. (but less than seventy five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity and not more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than twenty 
five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor in respect of (i) if the Notes 
are Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the entire Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Notes as at the Succession Date or (ii) if the Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Tranche Credit Linked Notes, the entire Reference Entity Notional Amount of that original 
Reference Entity outstanding as at the Succession Date; 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee to 
more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more 
than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the 
Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations will each be a Successor, if the Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes, in 
respect of a portion of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes as at the 
Succession Date or, if the Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranche Credit Linked 
Notes, in respect of a portion of the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the original Reference 
Entity outstanding as at the Succession Date (subject to Credit Linked Condition 16 (Successor 
Provisions)); 
(iv) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee to 
more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and more 
than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the

--- Page 292 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
285 
Reference Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will, if the Notes are Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes, each be a in respect of a portion of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes as at the Succession Date or, if the Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes 
or Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes, in respect of a portion of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of the original Reference Entity outstanding as at the Succession Date subject to and in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Successor Provisions); 
(v) 
if one or more entities succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-
five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity 
continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the Reference Entity and the Credit Linked 
Notes will not be changed in any way as a result of such succession; and 
(vi) 
if one or more entities succeeds either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-
five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases 
to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the 
Successor (provided that if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant 
Obligations, each such entity will be a Successor) subject to and in accordance with the provisions 
of Credit Linked Condition 16 (Successor Provisions). 
(vii) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of the 
Obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, and at the time 
of the determination either (i) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (ii) the Reference Entity 
is in the process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity has not issued 
or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the 
assumption, such entity (the “Universal Successor”) will be the sole Successor in respect of the 
relevant Series. 
For the purposes of this definition, “succeed” means, with respect to the Reference Entity and its Relevant 
Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (A) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant 
Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a Reference 
Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), 
or (B) issues Bonds or incurs loans (the “Exchange Bonds or Loans”) that are exchanged for Relevant 
Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), and in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct 
obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect to the Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds 
or Loans, as applicable. For the purposes of this definition, “succeeded” and “succession” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
“Successor Backstop Date” means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC Resolution, 
the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date otherwise, the date that is 90 
calendar days prior to the earlier of (a) the date on which the Successor Notice is effective and (b) in 
circumstances where (i) a Successor Resolution Request Date has occurred, (ii) the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination and (iii) the Successor Notice 
is delivered by the Issuer to the Agent not more than 14 calendar days after the day on which the DC Secretary 
publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a 
Successor determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
“Successor Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to the Agent that describes a succession (or, in 
relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in respect of which a

--- Page 293 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
286 
Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors to the Reference Entity can be 
determined. A Successor Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination to be made pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Successor” 
“Successor Resolution Request Date” means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors to the Reference 
Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 (the Trans-European Automarket Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer System) is open. 
“Term” means the period commencing on and including the Trade Date and ending on and including the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (or, if applicable, Extended Maturity Date) of the Credit Linked Notes. 
“Trade Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Transaction Auction Settlement Terms” means the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, 
whether or not the Credit Linked Notes are covered by such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms; 
provided that the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
that (a) the relevant Deliverable Obligations Terms are substantially the same as the Valuation Obligation 
Provisions with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, and (b) if such Credit Event is a Restructuring for which 
either “Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation” or “Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation” is applicable or deemed to be applicable, a 
credit derivatives transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Notes would be an “Auction Covered 
Transaction” for the purposes of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Transaction Type” means, for the purposes of the application of the Physical Settlement Matrix to a Series 
where “Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, each 
Reference Entity designated as one of the following in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
North American Corporate; 
(b) 
European Corporate; 
(c) 
European Financial Corporate; 
(d) 
Australia Corporate; 
(e) 
Australia Financial Corporate; 
(f) 
New Zealand Corporate; 
(g) 
New Zealand Financial Corporate; 
(h) 
Japan Corporate; 
(i) 
Japan Financial Corporate; 
(j) 
Singapore Corporate; 
(k) 
Singapore Financial Corporate; 
(l) 
Asia Corporate; 
(m) 
Asia Financial Corporate; 
(n) 
Asia Sovereign;

--- Page 294 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
287 
(o) 
Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign; 
(p) 
Japan Sovereign; 
(q) 
Australia Sovereign; 
(r) 
New Zealand Sovereign; 
(s) 
Singapore Sovereign; 
(t) 
Latin America Sovereign; 
(u) 
Western European Sovereign, 
and any other Transaction Type which may be added to the Physical Settlement Matrix from time to time. 
“Underlying Obligation” means, with respect to a Guarantee, the Obligation which is the subject of the 
Guarantee. 
“Underlying Obligor” means, with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, the 
borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation. 
“Universal Successor” has the meaning given in the definition of Successor. 
“Unwind Costs” means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent relating to the costs and expenses 
incurred by the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer in redeeming the Notes early or terminating, liquidating, 
obtaining or re-establishing any related funding, hedging or trading position in connection with the Notes as a 
result of a Credit Event occurring. Where such amount represents a cost to the Issuer it shall be expressed as a 
positive amount and where such amount represents an amount payable to the Issuer it shall be expressed as a 
negative amount. 
“Valuation Date” means: 
(a) 
if “Single Valuation Date” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 15 (Effect of DC Announcements), the date that is the number of Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms after the Event Determination Date (or, if the Event Determination 
Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of “Event Determination Date” or sub-
paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of “Non-Standard Event Determination Date”, the day on which the 
DC Credit Event Announcement occurs) or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, any day 
falling on or before the 90th Business Day after the Relevant Event Determination Date or, following 
any Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date, after such Auction Cancellation Date 
or No Auction Announcement Date (in each case, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner); 
(b) 
if “Multiple Valuation Dates” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 15 (Effect of DC Announcements), each of the following dates: 
(i) 
the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms after the Event 
Determination Date (or, if the Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(ii) 
of the definition of “Event Determination Date” or sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of “Non-
Standard Event Determination Date”, the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement 
occurs), Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date (or, if the number of 
Business Days is not specified, 5 Business Days); and 
(ii) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(or if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 5 Business Days) after the date on which

--- Page 295 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
288 
the Calculation Agent obtains a Market Value with respect to the immediately preceding 
Valuation Date. 
When “Multiple Valuation Dates” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the total number of Valuation Dates 
shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if the number of 
Valuation Dates is not so specified, five Valuation Dates). 
(c) 
if neither “Single Valuation Date” nor “Multiple Valuation Dates” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the terms of sub-paragraph (a) of this definition shall apply as if “Single Valuation Date” had 
been specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Valuation Method” means: 
(a) 
where there is only one Valuation Date, Highest, Lowest or Market, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
If no Valuation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Valuation Method shall be Highest. 
(b) 
where there is more than one Valuation Date, Average Highest, Average Market or Highest, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
If no Valuation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Valuation Method shall be Average 
Highest. 
where: 
(i) 
“Average Highest” means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations obtained by 
the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of “Quotation”) 
with respect to each Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
“Average Market” means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values determined by 
the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
“Highest” means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of “Quotation”) with respect to any Valuation Date; 
(iv) 
“Lowest” means the lowest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of “Quotation”) with respect to any Valuation Date; and 
(v) 
“Market” means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to the 
Valuation Date. 
Notwithstanding sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this definition, if Quotations include Weighted Average 
Quotations or fewer than two Full Quotations, the Valuation Method shall be Market or Average Market, as the 
case may be. 
“Valuation Obligation” means: 
(a) 
any Obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the “Method for determining Valuation Obligations” below; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, 
and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation; 
and

--- Page 296 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
289 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if, “Financial Reference Entity 
Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or any Package Observable Bond (if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Valuation Obligation and (ii) provided that the Obligation has an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than zero (determined for the 
purposes of sub-paragraph (d) of this definition, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event). 
Method for determining Valuation Obligations 
A Valuation Obligation shall be each Obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Valuation Obligation 
Category specified in the relevant Final Terms, and, subject to Credit Linked Condition 22 (Interpretation of 
Obligation Characteristics and Valuation Obligation Characteristics), having each of the Valuation Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Final Terms, in each case, as of the Valuation Date (unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms). The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(I) 
“Valuation Obligation Category” means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation 
Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as defined in the definition of “Obligation” below, except that, 
for the purposes of determining Valuation Obligations, the definition of “Reference Obligation Only” 
shall be amended to state that no Valuation Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference 
Obligation Only). 
(II) 
“Valuation Obligation Characteristics” means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic 
Issuance, (each as defined in the definition of “Obligation” below), Assignable Loan, Consent Required 
Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not 
Bearer. 
If an obligation would have been capable of being specified as a Valuation Obligation immediately prior to a 
Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity, such obligation (as in effect after such Credit Event) shall continue 
to be able to constitute a Valuation Obligation after the occurrence of such Credit Event. If it is not possible or 
reasonably practicable to specify any obligation as a Valuation Obligation of the Reference Entity because there 
is or will be no Valuation Obligation in existence at any time, the Calculation Agent shall designate by notice 
(which shall be in writing (including by facsimile and/or by email)) to the Agent one or more bonds, loans, 
instruments, certificates or other obligations which have been or will be issued in exchange, whether pursuant 
to a mandatory or voluntary exchange, for one or more bonds, loans, instruments, certificates or obligations of 
the Reference Entity that would have been capable of being specified as a Valuation Obligation immediately 
prior to the occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event of the Reference Entity, provided, that failure to deliver 
such notice shall not affect the effectiveness of such designation. 
(1) 
“Accelerated or Matured” means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether by 
reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance with 
the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation imposed 
under any applicable insolvency laws; 
(2) 
“Assignable Loan” means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, 
commercial Issuers or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not 
then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the Reference Entity 
or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the Reference Entity 
is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent;

--- Page 297 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
290 
(3) 
“Consent Required Loan” means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the consent 
of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant borrower if 
the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(4) 
“Direct Loan Participation” means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation agreement, 
Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of each Noteholder 
that provides each Noteholder with recourse to the participation seller for a specified share in any 
payments due under the relevant Loan which are received by such participation seller, any such 
agreement to be entered into between each Noteholder and either (A) the Issuer (to the extent the Issuer 
is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate), or (B) any lender or member of the 
relevant lending syndicate nominated by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent; 
(5) 
“Maximum Maturity” means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than the period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or if no such period is specified, 30 years); 
(6) 
“Not Bearer” means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to such 
bearer instrument are cleared via the Euroclear system, Clearstream International or any other 
internationally recognised clearing system; and 
(7) 
“Transferable” means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction provided that none of the following shall be considered 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to 
Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and 
any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction 
having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on 
insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods; 
“Valuation Obligation Provisions” means the provisions of the Credit Linked Notes that specify criteria for 
establishing what obligations may constitute Valuation Obligations. 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such time is specified, 
the time determined by the Calculation Agent, which shall be as close as reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. 
London time, unless the Calculation Agent determines that the principal market valuing the Reference 
Obligation would be closed at such time or such transactions are not being conducted in sufficient volume (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) at such 
time, in which event the Valuation Time shall be such other time as may be specified by the Calculation Agent 
that such principal market is open. 
“Voting Shares” means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors or similar 
governing body of an entity. 
“Weighted Average Quotation” means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted average of 
firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, 
each for an amount of the Reference Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount (but of a size at least 
equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount) that in aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount.

--- Page 298 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
291 
“Weighting” means in respect of a Reference Entity, the weighting specified for such Reference Entity in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
22 Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Valuation Obligation Characteristics 
(a) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics “Listed” or “Not Domestic Issuance” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall be construed as though the relevant Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; 
(b) 
If (i) either of the Valuation Obligation Characteristics “Listed”, “Not Domestic Issuance” or “Not 
Bearer” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall be construed as though 
such Valuation Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Valuation Obligation Characteristic 
only with respect to Bonds; (ii) the Valuation Obligation Characteristic “Transferable” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such Valuation Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a Valuation Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Valuation 
Obligations that are not Loans; or (iii) any of the Valuation Obligation Characteristics “Assignable 
Loan”, “Consent Required Loan” or “Direct Loan Participation” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
such Final Terms shall be construed as though such Valuation Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as a Valuation Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans; and 
(c) 
If more than one of “Assignable Loan”, “Consent Required Loan” and “Direct Loan Participation” are 
specified as Valuation Obligation Characteristics in the relevant Final Terms, the Valuation Obligations 
may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Valuation Obligation Characteristics specified and 
need not satisfy all such Valuation Obligation Characteristics. 
(d) 
If an Obligation or a Valuation Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(i) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Valuation Obligation 
Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same category or categories as 
those that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Valuation Obligation 
Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the 
relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or Valuation Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Final Terms from the following list: “Not 
Subordinated”, “Specified Currency”, “Not Sovereign Lender”, “Not Domestic Currency” and 
“Not Domestic Law”. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Valuation Obligation 
Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of 
the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Valuation Obligation Characteristics, if any, 
specified in the relevant Final Terms from the following list: “Listed”, “Not Domestic Issuance”, 
“Assignable Loan”, “Consent Required Loan”, “Direct Loan Participation”, “Transferable”, 
“Maximum Maturity”, “Accelerated” or “Matured” and “Not Bearer”; and 
(iv) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Valuation Obligation 
Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed 
to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(e) 
For purposes of the application of the Valuation Obligation Characteristic “Maximum Maturity”, 
remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Valuation Obligation in effect at

--- Page 299 ---
Annex 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
292 
the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Valuation Obligation that is due and payable, 
the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(f) 
If “Financial Reference Entity Terms” and “Governmental Intervention” are specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic 
or Valuation Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at 
the time of making the determination which permit the Reference Entity’s obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental 
Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or Valuation 
Obligation Characteristic. 
(g) 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Valuation Obligation Characteristics and the 
requirements specified in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Mod R” and sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of “Mod Mod R” to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such 
determination shall be made by reference to the terms of the Relevant Obligation in effect immediately 
prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(h) 
If “Subordinated European Insurance Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, if an 
obligation would otherwise satisfy the “Maximum Maturity” Valuation Obligation Characteristic, the 
existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in such obligation shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such 
Valuation Obligation Characteristic. 
23 CoCo Supplementary Provisions 
If “CoCo Supplementary Provisions” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the following 
provisions will apply: 
(a) 
A CoCo Provision shall be deemed to be a provision which permits a Governmental Intervention for all 
purposes under these Credit Linked Conditions. 
(b) 
If, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a permanent or 
temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal 
into shares or another instrument, such event shall be deemed to constitute a Governmental Intervention 
falling within sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Governmental Intervention”. 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 23 (CoCo Supplementary Provisions): 
“CoCo Provision” means, with respect to an Obligation, a provision which requires (i) a permanent or 
temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into 
shares or another instrument, in each case, if the Capital Ratio is at or below the Trigger Percentage; 
“Trigger Percentage” means the trigger percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (or if no such trigger 
percentage is specified, 5.25 per cent.); and 
“Capital Ratio” means the ratio of capital to risk weighted assets applicable to the Obligation, as described in 
the terms thereof in effect from time to time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions shall not result in delivery of the 
Valuation Obligation to Noteholders.

--- Page 300 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
293 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
This section explains what the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes issued under the Programme will be used for. 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to assist the financing of the activities of the 
Guarantor or its Affiliates to the extent permitted by applicable law.  
If in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
In particular, the Issuer may issue Notes where the applicable Final Terms specify that an amount equivalent to the 
net proceeds will specifically be applied for loans, assets, projects and activities of the KBC Bank Group that promote 
climate-friendly and other environmental or sustainable purposes (“Green Bond Eligible Assets”). The Issuer will 
on-lend the net proceeds to the Guarantor in order for the Guarantor to finance and/or refinance the relevant Green 
Bond Eligible Assets.

--- Page 301 ---
Form of the Guarantee 
 
294 
FORM OF THE GUARANTEE 
This section sets out the form of the guarantee the Guarantor will provide under the Programme. 
DEED OF GUARANTEE 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE (the “Deed of Guarantee”) is made on 24 January 2022 by KBC Bank NV (the 
“Guarantor”) in favour of (1) the Relevant Account Holders (as defined in the Deed of Covenant referred to below), 
(2) the holders for the time being of the Notes (as defined below) and the interest coupons (if any) appertaining to 
the Notes (“Coupons”, such expression to include any talons for further Coupons issued in respect of any Notes), 
the Coupons being attached on issue to Definitive Note(s) (as defined below) and (3) the Accountholders (as defined 
in Clause 1 (B) below). Each Relevant Account Holder, each holder of a Note and each holder of a Coupon is a 
“Holder”. 
WHEREAS: 
(A) 
KBC IFIMA S.A., a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with registered office at 4 rue du Fort Wallis, L-2714 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the trade and companies register (RCS Luxembourg) under number 
B193577 (the “Issuer”) and the Guarantor have entered into a Programme Agreement pursuant to which the 
Issuer may from time to time issue Notes with a denomination of at least EUR 1,000 (or the equivalent in 
other currencies) (the “Programme Agreement”, which expression includes the same as it may be amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time) dated 24 January 2022 with the Dealers named therein under 
which the Issuer proposes from time to time to issue Notes (the “Notes”, such expression to include each 
Definitive Note issued by the Issuer and each Global Note issued by the Issuer). 
(B) 
This Deed of Guarantee will apply to all Notes issued pursuant to the Issuer’s EUR 10,000,000,000 Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) on or after the date hereof, other than any Notes issued 
so as to be consolidated and form a single Series with any Notes issued prior to the date hereof. 
(C) 
The Issuer has executed a Deed of Covenant on 24 January 2022 (the “Deed of Covenant”, which expression 
includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) relating to Global Notes 
issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
(D) 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have entered into an Agency Agreement (the “Agency Agreement”, which 
expression includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) dated 24 
January 2022 with Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. (the “Agent”) and the other agents named 
therein in relation to the Programme. 
(E) 
Terms defined in the Conditions of the Notes (the “Conditions”), the Programme Agreement, the Agency 
Agreement and/or the Deed of Covenant and not otherwise defined in this Deed of Guarantee shall have the 
same meanings when used in this Deed of Guarantee. 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
GUARANTEE 
(A) 
Subject as set out in Clause 6 (Status of Guarantee), the Guarantor hereby unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantees by way of deed poll to each Holder (i) all sums payable by the Issuer to such 
Holder or (ii) performance of any delivery obligation owed by the Issuer to such Holder, in each case in

--- Page 302 ---
Form of the Guarantee 
 
295 
respect of any Note or any Coupon relating thereto or under the Deed of Covenant in respect thereof, as 
the case may be, (including any premium or any other amounts of whatever nature or additional amounts 
which may become payable under any of the foregoing) when and as the same shall become due and 
payable in accordance with the terms thereof. In case of the failure of the Issuer punctually (x) in the 
case of (i) above, to make any such payment, the Guarantor hereby undertakes to cause such payment to 
be made punctually when and as the same shall become due and payable and (y) in the case of (ii) above, 
to perform or procure the performance of any delivery obligation, the Guarantor hereby undertakes to 
cause such performance or the procurement of such performance to occur punctually when and as the 
same shall become due to be performed, in each case whether at maturity, upon redemption by 
acceleration of maturity or otherwise, as if such payment or delivery, as the case may be, were made or 
performed by the Issuer in accordance with the terms thereof. The Guarantor hereby waives any 
requirement that any Holder, in the event of any default of such payment or delivery as the case may be 
by the Issuer, first makes demand upon or seeks to enforce remedies against the Issuer before seeking to 
enforce this Guarantee; agrees that its obligations under this Guarantee shall be unconditional and 
irrevocable irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of such Notes or of such Coupons or 
of the Deed of Covenant in respect thereof, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or 
consent by any Holder with respect to any provisions thereof, the recovery of any judgment against the 
Issuer or any action to enforce the same, any consolidation, merger, conveyance or transfer by the Issuer 
or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defence of 
a guarantor; and covenants that this Guarantee will not be discharged except by complete performance 
of the obligations contained in such Notes, such Coupons, the Deed of Covenant and this Guarantee. 
(B) 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) each person (other 
than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (each an 
“Accountholder”) (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by 
the Guarantor as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant 
Global Note shall be treated by the Guarantor as the holder of such Notes in accordance with and subject 
to the terms of the relevant Global Note. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer and the Agent. 
The Guarantor covenants in favour of each Accountholder that it will (i) make all payments (if any) under this 
Guarantee in respect of the principal amount of Notes for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as being held by the Accountholder and represented by a Global Note to the 
holder of the Global Note and (ii) perform or procure the performance of all delivery obligations (if any) in 
accordance with the Conditions, in each case, in accordance with the terms of this Guarantee and acknowledges 
that each Accountholder may take proceedings to enforce this covenant and any of the other rights which it has 
under this Guarantee directly against the Guarantor. 
2. 
THE GUARANTOR AS PRINCIPAL DEBTOR  
Without affecting the Issuer’s obligations, the Guarantor will be liable under this Guarantee as if it were the 
sole principal debtor and not merely a surety. Accordingly, it will not be discharged, nor will its liability be

--- Page 303 ---
Form of the Guarantee 
 
296 
affected, by anything which would not discharge it or affect its liability if it were the sole principal debtor 
(including (a) any time, indulgence, waiver or consent at any time given to the Issuer or any other person, (b) 
any amendment to any Note, any Coupon or the Deed of Covenant or to any security or other guarantee or 
indemnity, (c) the making or absence of any demand on the Issuer or any other person for payment, (d) the 
enforcement or absence of enforcement of any Note, any Coupon, the Deed of Covenant or of any security or 
other guarantee or indemnity, (e) the release of any such security, guarantee or indemnity, (f) the dissolution, 
amalgamation, reconstruction or reorganisation of the Issuer or any other person or (g) the illegality, invalidity 
or unenforceability of or any defect in any provision of any Note, any Coupon or the Deed of Covenant or any 
of the Issuer’s obligations under any of them). 
3. 
THE GUARANTOR’S OBLIGATIONS CONTINUING  
The Guarantor’s obligations under this Guarantee are and will remain in full force and effect by way of 
continuing security until no sum remains payable or delivery obligation in respect of any Note, any Coupon or 
the Deed of Covenant remains owing. Furthermore, these obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and 
not instead of, any security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of a Holder, whether 
from the Guarantor or otherwise. The Guarantor irrevocably waives all notices and demands whatsoever. 
4. 
REPAYMENT TO THE ISSUER 
If any payment or other consideration received by a Holder is, on the subsequent liquidation or insolvency of 
the Issuer, avoided under any laws relating to liquidation or insolvency, such payment or other consideration 
will not be considered as having discharged or diminished the liability of the Guarantor and this Guarantee will 
continue to apply as if such payment or other consideration had at all times remained owing by the Issuer. 
5. 
INDEMNITY 
As a separate and alternative stipulation, the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that any sum 
expressed to be payable or delivery obligation expressed to be owed by the Issuer under any Note, any Coupon 
or the Deed of Covenant but which is for any reason (whether or not now known or becoming known to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any Holder) not recoverable from the Guarantor on the basis of a guarantee will 
nevertheless be recoverable from it as if it were the sole principal debtor and will be paid by it to the Holder or 
otherwise delivered by it on demand. This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation from 
the other obligations in this Guarantee, gives rise to a separate and independent cause of action and will apply 
irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Holder. 
6. 
STATUS OF GUARANTEE 
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee in respect of the Notes constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor and rank and will rank pari passu with all present 
and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, without any preference among 
themselves and pari passu without any preference one above the other by reason of priority of date of issue, 
currency of payment or otherwise, except for obligations given priority by law. 
7. 
WITHHOLDING OR REDUCTION 
If Condition 12(a) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, all payments by the Guarantor under 
this Guarantee will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or other charges of whatever nature imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction, or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such

--- Page 304 ---
Form of the Guarantee 
 
297 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as 
shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the relevant Holders after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been 
receivable in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any Note, Coupon or Underlying Note (as defined in the Deed of Covenant): 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, assessments or other 
charges in respect of such Note, Coupon or Underlying Note by reason of such Holder having some 
connection with any Tax Jurisdiction (including, for the avoidance of doubt receiving payments in 
relation to the Note or Coupon by or through a paying agent established in any Tax Jurisdiction) other 
than the mere holding of such Note, Coupon or Underlying Note; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment in any Tax Jurisdiction; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who would be able to avoid such withholding or deduction 
by making a declaration of non-residence or similar claim for exemption but fails to do so; or 
(iv) 
if demand for payment is made more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 12(a)) 
except to the extent that the Holder would have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on such thirtieth day; or 
(v) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Relevant Account Holder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the Note, Coupon or Underlying Note to another Paying Agent 
in a Member State of the European Union; or 
(vi) 
where such deduction or withholding is imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”), as amended, any current or future regulations or official 
interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal 
or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered 
into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (or any law implementing such 
an intergovernmental agreement). 
8. 
POWER TO EXECUTE  
The Guarantor hereby warrants, represents and covenants with each Holder and Accountholder that it has all 
power, that it has obtained all necessary governmental consents and authorisations, and that it has taken all 
necessary steps, in each case to enable it to execute, deliver and perform this Guarantee and that this Guarantee 
constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations of the Guarantor in accordance with its terms. 
9. 
DEPOSIT OF GUARANTEE 
This Guarantee shall take effect as a deed poll for the benefit of the Holders and Accountholders from time to 
time and for the time being. This Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by Banque Internationale à 
Luxembourg S.A. as Agent until all the obligations of the Guarantor have been discharged in full. 
10. PRODUCTION OF GUARANTEE 
The Guarantor hereby acknowledges the right of every Holder and Accountholder to the production of, and the 
right of every Holder and Accountholder to obtain (upon payment of a reasonable charge) a copy of, this 
Guarantee, and further acknowledges and covenants that the obligations binding upon it contained herein are

--- Page 305 ---
Form of the Guarantee 
 
298 
owed to, and shall be for the account of, each and every Holder and Accountholder, and that each Holder and 
Accountholder shall be entitled severally to enforce the said obligations against the Guarantor. 
11. SUBROGATION 
Until all amounts which may be payable under the Notes, the Coupons and/or the Deed of Covenant have been 
irrevocably paid in full and all delivery obligations of the Issuer thereunder have been performed in full, the 
Guarantor shall not by virtue of this Guarantee be subrogated to any rights of any Holder or claim in competition 
with the Holders against the Issuer. 
12. CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any 
term of this Guarantee, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exits or is available 
apart from that Act. 
13. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION  
(A) 
This Guarantee (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee), 
except Clause 6 (Status of Guarantee), shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law. Clause 6 of this Guarantee (Status of Guarantee) (and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with Clause 6 (Status of Guarantee)) shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Belgian law. 
(B) 
Subject to (D) below, the English courts shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle all disputes which 
may, directly or indirectly, arise out of or in connection with this Guarantee (including, in each case, any 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith) (a 
“Dispute”) and the Guarantor submits and each of the Holders and Accountholders (by its acquisition 
of a Note) is deemed to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. For the purposes 
of this Clause, the Guarantor waives and each of the Holders and Accountholders (by its acquisition of 
a Note) is deemed to waive any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(C) 
The Guarantor appoints its London branch at 111 Old Broad Street, London EC2N 1BR, England as its 
agent in England for service of process in any proceedings in England relating to the Guarantee and the 
Guarantor undertakes that, in the event of its London branch ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered 
in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Dispute in England. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
(D) 
To the extent that any proceedings in respect of the Guarantee involve consumers (as such term is used 
in Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 
on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the 
“Brussels Recast Regulation”)), notwithstanding Clause 13(B), the Guarantor will be required to, and 
such consumers may, in respect of any Dispute in respect of the Guarantee, take proceedings in the 
jurisdictions specified in Article 18 of the Brussels Recast Regulation.

--- Page 306 ---
Form of the Guarantee 
 
299 
14. CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF BAIL-IN 
(A) 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of this Deed or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understandings among the Guarantor, the Holder and the Accountholders, each Holder 
and Accountholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under this Deed may be subject 
to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, and acknowledges, accepts, 
acknowledge and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority in relation 
to any liability of the Guarantor to any Holder and Accountholder under this Deed, that may 
include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(1) 
the reduction on a permanent basis of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due; 
(2) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into ordinary shares, other 
instruments of ownership, other securities or obligations of the Guarantor or another 
person, and the issue to or conferral on the Holder and Accountholder of such ordinary 
shares, instruments of ownership, other securities or obligations, including by means 
of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of such liability, in which case 
the relevant Holder and Accountholder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under such 
liability any such ordinary shares, other instruments of ownership, other securities or 
obligations of the Guarantor or another person;; 
(3) 
the cancellation of such liability; and/or 
(4) 
the amendment or alteration of the expiration of such liability, amendment of 
amount(s) payable in respect of such liability or the date(s) on which any payment(s) 
are due, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of this Deed, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(B) 
Any delay or failure by the Guarantor to notify the Holders and the Accountholders of the exercise of 
the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority shall not affect the validity and enforceability 
of the Bail-In Powers nor the effects on the Notes described in Clause 14(A) above.  None of the 
cancellation of any liability of the Guarantor to any Holder and Accountholder under this Deed a 
reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion thereof into ordinary shares, other 
instruments of ownership, other securities or obligations of the Guarantor or another person, as a result 
of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Guarantor, 
nor the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to this Deed 
will be an event of default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle 
the Holders and Accountholders to any remedies (including equitable remedies), which are hereby 
expressly waived. The terms and conditions of this Guarantee shall continue to apply in relation to the 
residual amount of, or outstanding amount payable, in respect of the Guarantee, subject to any 
modification or reduction of the amount payable under the Guarantee to reflect the reduction of the 
amounts payable under the Guarantee, and any further modification of the terms that the Relevant 
Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
(C) 
For the purpose of this clause 14, the following definitions shall apply:

--- Page 307 ---
Form of the Guarantee 
 
300 
“Amounts Due” means any amount payable under the terms and conditions of this Guarantee. 
References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have 
not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
“Bail-In Legislation” means the law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions, 
and any other law or regulation relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU under Belgian law.  
“Bail-in Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in accordance with, any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements in effect in Belgium and Luxembourg, relating to (i) the transposition of Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework 
for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended from time to 
time, “BRRD”) (and transposed into (i) Belgian law by the law of 25 April 2014 on the status and 
supervision of credit institutions, and any other law or regulation relating to the transposition of Directive 
2014/59/EU under Belgian law and (ii) Luxembourg law by the Luxembourg act dated 18 December 
2015 on the failure of credit institutions and certain investment firms, as amended, relating to the 
transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU under Luxembourg law), and (ii) Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 
establishing uniform rules and uniform procedures for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and Single Resolution Fund (as 
amended from time to time, “SRM Regulation”), and in each case the instructions, rules, standards and 
policies created thereunder, pursuant to which: 
(i)  
any obligation of a bank or investment firm or other financial institution or affiliate of a bank, 
investment firm or other financial institution (a “Regulated Entity”) can be reduced (in whole 
or in part), otherwise modified or converted into ordinary shares, other instruments of ownership, 
other securities or obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person (or suspended for a 
temporary period); and/or 
(ii)  
the maturity of any liability of a bank, investment firm or other financial institution can be 
amended or altered (including by suspending payment for a temporary period), 
whether in connection with the implementation of the bail-in tool following placement in resolution or 
in connection with write-down or conversion powers before a resolution proceeding is initiated. 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Bail-
in Powers from time to time in relation to the Guarantor. 
(D) 
Each Holder and Accountholder acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees that the matters set forth in 
this Condition 14 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion of any other agreements, 
arrangements or understandings between the Guarantor, the Holder and the Accountholders, as 
applicable.

--- Page 308 ---
Form of the Guarantee 
 
301 
IN WITNESS whereof this Guarantee has been manually executed as a deed poll on behalf of the Guarantor. 
Executed as a deed by 
KBC Bank NV 
acting by 
 
 
acting under the 
authority of that company 
in the presence of: 
Witness’s Signature:  
Name: 
Address: 
Dated 24 January 2022

--- Page 309 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
302 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
This section provides a description of the Issuer’s business activities as well as certain financial 
information in respect of the Issuer. 
KBC IFIMA S.A. 
History and Development 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is KBC IFIMA S.A. The Issuer is currently incorporated in the 
form of a public limited liability company under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and is 
registered with the trade and companies register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg) 
under registration number B193577. The Issuer’s LEI code is 213800PN8BSF31FXFM06. 
The Issuer was incorporated in the form of a limited liability company and was registered in The Netherlands 
on 15 April 1982. On 31 December 2014 at midnight, the Issuer changed its legal and commercial name, 
domicile, legal form and country of incorporation from KBC Internationale Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. 
to KBC IFIMA S.A.  
On 26 May 2016, the board of directors of the Issuer gave a favourable opinion on the merger of the Issuer 
with its Luxembourg sister company KBC Financial Products International S.A. KBC Financial Products 
International S.A. was dissolved, with the Issuer being the absorbing company. The merger became effective 
(i) between the merging companies and towards third parties on publication of the resolutions of the sole 
shareholder of the Issuer, approving the merger, on the Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations 
platform on 5 July 2016 at midnight and (ii) from an accounting and tax perspective, retroactively, on 1 
January 2016 at midnight. 
The Issuer has its registered office at 4, rue du Fort Wallis, L-2714 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg, telephone number +352/266442 and is incorporated in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as a 
public limited liability company. The Issuer has an unlimited duration and operates under the laws of the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Recent Events 
There have not been any recent events relevant to the evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency, nor has there been 
any material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer, since 31 December 2020. 
Expected financing and material changes in the Issuer’s borrowing and funding structure 
The Issuer’s financing is linked to the the Issuer’s core activity, i.e. to on-lend the funds it receives from 
investors to KBC Bank NV. Upon redemption, the Issuer receives a specified amount as remuneration. 
There are no material changes in the Issuer’s borrowing or funding structure since 31 December 2020. 
Business Overview 
• 
The Issuer’s principal objects, as set out in Article 3 of its articles of association are the issue of 
bonds, warrants, debentures and any other financial instruments and the on-lending of the proceeds 
to the Guarantor, its subsidiaries and associated companies, as well as the issue of other financial 
instruments. The Issuer’s principal activity consists of the administration of the financial instruments 
issued, in particular bonds, and the loans made. 
• 
The Issuer is directly owned by the Guarantor and its debt is fully guaranteed by the Guarantor. The 
Issuer is accordingly dependent on the Guarantor and other members of KBC Bank Group servicing 
those loans.

--- Page 310 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
303 
• 
The Issuer is indirectly controlled by KBC Group NV and ultimately by the shareholders of KBC 
Group NV. An overview of the shareholding of KBC Group NV is available on www.kbc.com. At 
the date of the Base Prospectus and based on the notifications made in accordance with the Belgian 
law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings in issuers whose shares are admitted to trading 
on a regulated market, the major shareholders of KBC Group NV are KBC Ancora, Cera, MRBB 
and the other core shareholders. 
• 
This Base Prospectus does not contain statements regarding the competitive position of the Issuer or 
forecasts or estimates in respect of the Issuer. 
Trend Information 
There are no trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a 
material effect on the Issuer’s prospects for at least the current financial year. 
Board of Directors of the Issuer 
The Issuer is managed by a Board of Directors of at least three (3) members, which is not supervised by a 
supervisory board. The members of the Board of Directors are appointed by the General Meeting of the 
Shareholders. 
As at the date of approval of this Base Prospectus, the composition of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
is set out in table below: 
Name 
Position 
Principal Activities outside the Issuer 
Ivo Irma 
BAUWENS 
Company Director 
Chief Executive Officer, KBC Group 
Re S.A. 
Non-Executive director, KBC Asset 
Management S.A. 
Non-Executive director, KBC Lease 
Luxembourg 
Fatima BOUDABZA 
Company Director 
None 
Frank Maria 
CAESTECKER 
Company Director 
None 
Rik Jos JANSSEN 
Company Director 
None 
Sabrina GOCKEL 
Company Director 
None 
 
The business address of each Company Director of the Issuer in their capacity as such is 4, rue du Fort 
Wallis, L-2714 Luxembourg, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The Issuer shall by bound by the joint 
signature of two Company Directors. The Issuer’s Board of Directors has an audit committee. 
There are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the persons listed above to the Issuer and their private 
interests or other duties. The Issuer is not aware of any affiliations/associations of the members of the Board 
of Directors outside the Issuer which are relevant to the Issuer. 
The Issuer has adopted corporate governance policies which comply with the laws and regulations of the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg regarding corporate governance. 
The Issuer has 3.0 (full time equivalent) permanent employees. Terms of employment are governed by the 
Collective Labour Agreement pertaining to the Luxembourgish insurance sector. There have been no 
employee related disputes.

--- Page 311 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
304 
Audit Committee 
Under Luxembourg law the Issuer is considered as a public interest entity. Consequently, the Issuer needs 
to have in place an audit committee. The audit committee is set up pursuant to the Group Internal 
Governance Memorandum and the Luxembourg Law of 23 July 2016 concerning the audit profession. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the audit committee is composed of the members of the Board of 
Directors. The audit committee steers the internal audit function and oversees the external audit function of 
the Issuer. Its functions include (i) ensuring that adequate and effective internal control systems are 
established and maintained, (ii) monitoring the integrity of financial information, (iii) monitoring the 
effectiveness of structures, processes and controls, (iv) supervising compliance with procedures, laws and 
regulations, (v) monitoring the respect of the internal audit charter and (vi) supervising the functioning of 
the external auditor. 
Organisational Structure 
The KBC Group consists of KBC Group NV (the holding company) and its wholly-owned subsidiaries KBC 
Bank NV and KBC Insurance NV. The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor and acts as a 
financing vehicle for the Guarantor and its subsidiaries. The Issuer complies with the control requirements 
and standards of the KBC Group with regard to accounting, operations, internal controls and risk 
management. For a description of the KBC Group, please see the section titled “Description of the 
Guarantor” below. 
Capital Structure 
Authorised 
42,340 ordinary 
shares
....................................................................................................................................... 
EUR 19,213,045 
Paid-in and called-up share capital 
22,679 ordinary 
shares
....................................................................................................................................... 
EUR 5,296,266 
 
The paid-in and called-up share capital consists of 22,679 ordinary shares, which are fully held by the 
Guarantor.  
Major Shareholders 
The Guarantor holds 100 per cent. of the share capital of the Issuer. The Issuer is not aware of any 
arrangements the operation of which may result in a change of control of the Issuer. No specific measures 
are in place to prevent abuse of control. 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE 
ISSUER 
Historical Financial Information 
The Issuer’s economic, asset and financial information for the 2020 financial year is contained in the Issuer’s 
2020 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 312 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
305 
Financial Statements 
The Issuer prepares audited non-consolidated annual financial statements. The latest audited non-
consolidated financial information relating to the Issuer is the Issuer’s 2020 Annual Report and is dated 26 
March 2021. 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
The report of the independent registered public accounting firm (PricewaterhouseCoopers, société 
coopérative, Cabinet de révision agréé, expert-comptable) contained in the Issuer’s 2020 Annual Report 
(pages 8 to 11), is available to the public and incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The report dated 30 March 2021 on the financial information for the Issuer’s Financial Report 2020 issued 
by PricewaterhouseCoopers, société coopérative, expressed an unqualified opinion on the above mentioned 
financial information. 
Selected Financial Information 
The tables below set out the key financial information extracted from the Issuer’s audited financial 
statements for the fiscal years ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, in each case prepared 
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
(“Luxembourg GAAP”). 
KBC IFIMA S.A. 
HIGHLIGHTS OF THE BALANCE SHEET  
 
 
FY 2019 
prepared under 
Luxembourg 
GAAP (audited) 
FY 2020 
prepared under Luxembourg 
GAAP (audited) 
ASSETS 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Subscribed capital unpaid 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Formation expenses 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Fixed assets 
 
 
 
Intangible assets 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Tangible assets 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Financial assets 
 
892,762,772 
764,547,826 
Loans to affiliated undertakings 
 
892,762,772 
764,547,826 
Total fixed assets 
 
892,762,772 
764,547,826 
Currents assets  
 
 
 
Stocks 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Debtors  
 
 
 
Amounts owed by affiliated undertakings 
becoming due and payable within one year 
 
447,660,673 
334,965,067 
Other Debtors 
 
 
 
Becoming due and payable within one year 
 
488,374 
488,374 
Investments 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Cash 
 
5,499,770 
5,523,726 
Total currents asset 
 
453,648,817 
340,977,167 
Prepayments 
 
4,805,084 
4,768,283 
Total assets 
 
1,351,216,673 
1,110,293,276 
 
 
 
 
CAPITAL, RESERVE AND LIABILITIES 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Capital and reserves 
 
 
 
Subscribed capital 
 
5,296,266 
5,296,266 
Share premium account 
 
0 
0 
Revaluation reserve 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Reserves 
 
1,564,494 
1,794,984

--- Page 313 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
306 
Profit or loss brought forward 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Profit or loss for the financial year 
 
786,309 
633,855 
Interim dividends 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Capital Investment subsidies 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Total capital and reserves 
 
7,647,069 
7,725,105 
Provisions 
 
 
 
Provision for pensions and similar obligations 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Provisions for taxation 
 
305,785 
356,191 
Other provisions 
 
30,510 
40,564 
 
 
336,295 
396,755 
Creditors 
 
 
 
Debenture Loans 
 
 
 
Convertible loans 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Non convertible loans 
 
1,338,397,970 
1,097,394,926 
Becoming due and payable within one year 
 
445,635,197 
332,847,100 
Becoming due and payable after more than 
one year 
 
892,762,773 
764,547,826 
Amounts owed to credit institutions 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Payments received on account of orders in so 
as they are shown separately as deductions 
from stocks 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Trade creditors 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Bills of exchange payable 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Amounts owed to affiliated undertakings 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Amounts owed to undertakings with which the 
undertaking is linked by virtue of participating 
interests 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Other creditors 
 
10,939 
11,682 
Tax authorities 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Social security authorities  
 
8,893 
9,636 
Other creditors 
 
2,046 
2,046 
Becoming due and payable within one 
year 
 
2,046 
2,046 
Becoming due and payable after more 
than one year 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Total creditors 
 
1,338,408,909 
1,097,406,608 
Deferred income 
 
4,824,400 
4,764,808 
Total capital, reserves and liabilities 
 
1,351,216,673 
1,110,293,276 
KBC IFIMA S.A. 
HIGHLIGHTS OF THE PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT 
 
 
 
 
FY 2019 
prepared under 
Luxembourg 
GAAP (audited) 
FY 2020 
prepared under Luxembourg 
GAAP (audited) 
 
 
EUR 
EUR 
 
Net turnover 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Variation in stocks of finished goods and in 
work in progress 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Work performed by the undertaking for its own 
purposes and capitalised  
 
N/A 
N/A 
Other operating income 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Raw materials and consumables and other 
external expenses 
 
-190,002 
-190,839 
Staff costs 
 
-225,057 
-245,755

--- Page 314 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
307 
Value adjustments 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Other operating expenses 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Income from participating interests 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Income from other investments and loans 
forming part of the fixed assets 
 
38,529,852 
25,716,068 
Other interest receivable and similar income 
 
174,243 
N/A 
Share of profit or loss of undertakings 
accounted for under the equity method 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Value adjustments in respect of financial assets 
and of investments held as current assets 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Interest payable and similar expenses 
 
-37,421,258 
-24,593,549 
Tax on profit or loss 
 
-81,469 
-52,070 
Profit or loss after taxation 
 
786,309 
633,855 
Profit or loss for the financial year  
 
786,309 
633,855 
 
KBC IFIMA S.A. 
HIGHLIGHTS OF THE CASH FLOW STATEMENTS 
 
 
 
FY 2019 
prepared under 
Luxembourg 
GAAP (audited) 
FY 2020 
prepared under Luxembourg 
GAAP (audited) 
 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Net profit 
 
786,309 
633,856 
 
 
 
 
Adjustment for: 
 
 
 
Interests income/charges 
 
-1,108,594 
-1,122,520 
Net amortisation on loans and bonds 
 
-57,747 
-40,821 
Other provision 
 
-100,149 
10,055 
Other – adjustment  
 
- 
- 
 
 
-480,181 
-519,430 
 
 
 
 
Other advance 
 
3,498 
2,056 
Change in other assets and liabilities 
 
1,778 
742 
Taxes (paid)/received 
 
0 
0 
Tax provision 
 
81,692 
50,406 
Net cash flow from operational activities 
 
-392,943 
-466,226 
 
 
 
 
Distribution on liquidation of subsidiaries 
 
- 
- 
Financial fixed assets – issued 
 
-44,050,569 
-255,093,916 
Financial fixed assets – repaid 
 
151,482,721 
492,476,225 
Interest received 
 
39,814,534 
29,260,284 
Net cash flow from investment activities 
 
147,246,686 
266,642,593 
 
 
 
 
EGM 
 
0 
0 
Bonds issued 
 
42,730,373 
253,779,852 
Bonds repaid 
 
-150,157,586 
-491,156,028 
Dividend paid 
 
-408,657 
-555,819 
Interest paid 
 
-38,801,899 
-28,220,416 
Net cash flow from financing activities 
 
-146,637,769 
-266,152,411 
 
 
 
 
Net cash flow 
 
215,974 
23,956 
 
 
 
 
Cash balance as at 1 January 
 
5,283,796 
5,499,770 
Cash balance as at 31 December 
 
5,499,770 
5,523,726 
Net cash flow 
 
215,974 
23,956

--- Page 315 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
308 
A dividend of EUR 555,919 was paid on 18 June 2020. 
No further important events, material or financial, occurred relating to the company since 31 December 
2020. 
Litigation  
In June 2012, the Issuer and the Guarantor were summoned to appear before the court in Brussels on foot 
of a claim brought on behalf of former bondholders. The claim amounting to EUR 1,306,137 relates to 
losses incurred by the investors on early redemption of the bonds held by them. The lawsuit is being 
contested by the Issuer and the Guarantor. Based on the information available to the directors, they are of 
the opinion that it is unlikely the company will suffer a loss and therefore no provision has been made in the 
accounts for this. After many changes in the timeline, the judgment has been interrupted due to the decease 
of two litigants and the fact that there was no regularisation. In March 2017, the Issuer received a formal 
notice of default from WATT Legal to indemnify 104 clients for an amount of EUR 1,150,585.46, a non-
payment triggering a new proceeding or an extension of the existing one. The above is the most recently 
available information on this matter as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Except for the above mentioned litigation, the Issuer is not involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which 
may have or have had in the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect 
on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.

--- Page 316 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
309 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
This section provides a description of the Guarantor’s business activities as well as certain financial 
information in respect of the Guarantor. 
KBC BANK 
1 
Corporate Structure, share capital and credit ratings 
General information 
The Guarantor was established in Belgium in 1998 as a bank in the form of a limited liability company 
(naamloze vennootschap / société anonyme) for an unlimited duration and operates under the laws of 
Belgium. The Guarantor’s Belgian enterprise number is 0462.920.226 and its LEI code is 
6B2PBRV1FCJDMR45RZ53. The Guarantor is registered in the register of legal persons 
(rechtspersonenregister (RPR) / registre des personnes morales (RPM)) of the Dutch-speaking enterprise 
court of Brussels. The Guarantor’s registered office is at Havenlaan 2, B-1080 Brussels, Belgium, its 
telephone number is (+32) (0) 2 429 11 11 and its website is www.kbc.com. The information on the 
Guarantor’s website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the CSSF, except to the extent that such information is explicitly incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus (see Section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 50 to 52 of this Base Prospectus). 
The Guarantor is registered as a credit institution with the National Bank of Belgium. 
The Guarantor is a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Group NV and is part of KBC Group NV, on which it 
depends for certain group functions and because of the integrated regulatory and solvency supervision. A 
simplified schematic of KBC Group’s legal structure is provided below. KBC Group NV is working on the 
creation of a “Clean HoldCo” project, which will be implemented by 1 January 2024. For more information, 
see slide 44 of the 2Q 2021 Debt Presentation, available on www.kbc.com.15  
 
 
 
                                                          
15  This document is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and has hence not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 317 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
310 
 
The other major subsidiary of KBC Group NV is KBC Insurance NV. The Guarantor co-operates closely 
with KBC Insurance NV, amongst others, in relation to the distribution of insurance products and depends 
on it for the further implementation of the bank-insurance model. 
The Guarantor and KBC Insurance NV each have a number of subsidiaries. The Guarantor’s subsidiaries 
are mainly banking and other financial entities in Central and Eastern Europe and in other selected countries, 
such as Ireland. The Guarantor also acts as funding provider for a number of its subsidiaries. 
A list of the subsidiaries of the Guarantor can be found on pages 173 and following of the Guarantor’s 2020 
Annual Report. 
Share capital and shareholder 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor’s share capital was EUR 9,732 million and consisted 
of 995,371,469 ordinary shares, which are all held by KBC Group NV. The share capital is fully paid up. 
The shares of the Guarantor’s parent company, KBC Group NV, are listed on Euronext Brussels. An 
overview of the shareholding of KBC Group NV is available on the KBC Group NV website at 
www.kbc.com. The core shareholders of KBC Group NV are KBC Ancora, CERA, MRBB and a group of 
legal entities and individuals referred to as ‘Other core shareholders’. The overview of shareholding is not 
incorporated in and does not form part of this Base Prospectus and it has not been and will not be scrutinised 
or approved by the CSSF. 
Credit ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following long term credit ratings have been assigned to the 
Guarantor with the cooperation of the Guarantor in the rating process: 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) – A+ 
According to Fitch’s Rating Definitions, an “A” rating indicates high credit quality. “A” ratings denote 
expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered 
strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions

--- Page 318 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
311 
than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers “+” or “-” may be appended to a rating to denote 
relative status within major rating categories. 
Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”) – A2 
According to Moody’s Rating Symbols and Definitions, obligations rated A are considered upper-
medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 2 indicates that the obligation ranks in 
the mid-range of its generic rating category. 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard and Poor’s”) – A+  
According to Standard and Poor’s Global Ratings Definitions, an obligor rated “A” has strong capacity 
to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes 
in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of a 
plus (+) or minus (-) sign shows relative standing within the rating categories. 
 
More information regarding the Guarantor’s long term credit ratings can be found in the latest credit opinion 
from the relevant credit rating agencies, available at https://www.kbc.com/en/credit-ratings and in the 
applicable rating methodologies published by the relevant credit rating agencies. None of that website, those 
credit opinions or those rating methodologies are incorporated by reference in or form part of this Base 
Prospectus, and they have not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The Guarantor does not represent that 
it will maintain any level of credit rating, or any credit rating at all, with any credit rating agency. 
These credit ratings relate to the Guarantor’s financial obligations generally and not to any specific financial 
obligation such as the Notes or any Series thereof.  
Each credit rating agency referred to above is established in the EEA and is listed on the “List of Registered 
and Certified CRAs” as published by ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with Article 18(3) of Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the “CRA Regulation”). If an issue-specific credit rating is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, then those Final Terms will also specify whether that credit rating is (1) issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation, or (2) issued by a credit rating 
agency which is not established in the EEA but will be endorsed by a credit rating agency which is 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency 
which is not established in the EEA but which is certified under the CRA Regulation. None of the credit 
rating agencies referred to above is established in the UK in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”). Accordingly the Guarantor rating issued by (i) Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch 
Ratings Ltd, (ii) Moody’s has been endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Limited and (iii) Standard and 
Poor’s has been in endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, each in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each credit rating agency referred 
to above may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
2 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
Board of Directors and Executive Committee 
The Guarantor is administered by a Board of Directors and an Executive Committee in accordance with the 
relevant legal requirements.

--- Page 319 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
312 
The Guarantor’s Board of Directors is empowered to determine the company's general policy and strategy 
and to perform all acts which, by law, are reserved specifically for it. The Board of Directors is responsible 
for supervising the Executive Committee. 
The Guarantor’s Executive Committee is empowered to perform all acts that are necessary or useful in 
achieving the company's object, apart from those that the General Meeting of Shareholders is empowered 
to perform by law and those reserved for the Board of Directors by law. 
The Guarantor’s corporate purpose is set out in Article 2 of its Articles of Association. It includes the 
execution of all banking operations in the widest sense, as well as the exercise of all other activities which 
banks are or shall be permitted to pursue and all acts that contribute directly or indirectly thereto. 
To the extent these laws and regulations apply to the Guarantor, the Guarantor complies with the laws and 
regulations of Belgium regarding corporate governance. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members 
of the Board of Directors are the following:  
Name and business 
address 
Position 
Expiry date of current 
term of office 
External offices 
DEBACKERE 
Koenraad 
Oude Markt 13 
3000 Leuven 
Non-executive 
director 
2024 
KBC Verzekeringen NV, 
non-executive director 
KBC Group NV, non-
executive director 
Holding Wetenshapspark 
Waterschei NV, non-
executive director 
Mo-Thor 
NV, 
non-
executive director 
KBC Global Services NV, 
non-executive director 
HOLLOWS John 
ČSOB Ceskoslovenska 
obchodni banka 
Radlicka 333/150 
Praha 5 150 57 
Czech Republic 
Executive director 
2022 
KBC Insurance NV, 
executive director 
KBC Group NV, member 
of the executive 
committee 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodni 
Banka a.s. (CR), CEO 
(non-director) 
POPELIER Luc 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussel 
Executive director 
2025 
KBC Insurance NV, 
executive director 
KBC Group NV, member 
of the executive 
committee 
KBC Securities NV, non-
executive director

--- Page 320 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
313 
Ceskoslovenska 
Obchodna Bank a.s. (SR), 
executive director 
United Bulgarian Bank 
AD, executive director 
ČSOB Poistovna a.s., 
member of the 
Management Board 
KBC Focus Fund NV - 
Branch Bulgaria, 
executive director 
THIJS Johan 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussel 
Executive 
director/CEO 
2025 
KBC Insurance NV, 
executive director/CEO 
Febelfin VZW, Chairman 
of the Board of Directors 
KBC Group NV, 
executive director/CEO 
VOKA VZW, non-
executive director 
BVB, non-executive 
director 
European 
Banking 
Federation, non-executive 
director 
DISCAI NV, executive 
director 
Museum Nicolaas Rockox 
VZW, non-executive 
director 
Gent Festival van 
Vlaanderen VZW, non-
executive director 
VAN RIJSSEGHEM 
Christine 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussel 
Executive director 
2022 
KBC Group NV, 
executive director 
KBC Insurance NV, 
executive director 
K&H Bank Zrt, non-
executive director

--- Page 321 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
314 
KBC Bank Ireland plc, 
non-executive director 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodni 
Banka a.s. (CR), non-
executive director 
Ceskoslovenska 
Obchodna Banka a.s. 
(S.R.), member of the 
Supervisory Board 
KBC Bank NV, Dublin 
Branch, member of the 
Management Board 
United Bulgarian Bank 
AD, non-executive 
director 
ARISS Nabil 
16 Chiddingstone 
Street 
London SW6 3TG 
United Kingdom 
Independent director 
2022 
Executive Director AF 
Law 
Executive Director of 
Fresnel 1823 Limited 
DEPICKERE Franky 
Cera-KBC Ancora 
Muntstraat 1 
3000 Leuven 
Non-executive 
director16  
2023 
Cera CV, executive 
director 
Cera Beheersmaatschappij 
NV, executive director 
BRS Microfinance Coop 
CV, non-executive 
director 
KBC Group NV, non-
executive director 
KBC Insurance NV, non-
executive director 
Almancora 
Beheersmaatschappij NV, 
executive director 
 
 
 
                                                          
16  As at the date of this Base Prospectus and until the Board of Directors appoints Mr Koenraad Debackere as Chairman of the Board of 
Directors, Mr Franky Depickere acts as Chairman ad interim of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor.

--- Page 322 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
315 
International Raiffeisen 
Union e.V., non-executive 
director 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodni 
Banka a.s. (CR), member 
of the Supervisory Board 
KBC Ancora NV, 
executive director 
CBC Banque SA, non-
executive director 
United Bulgarian Bank 
AD, non-executive 
director 
CALLEWAERT 
Katelijn 
Cera 
Beheersmaatschappij 
Muntstraat 1 
3000 Leuven 
Non-executive 
director 
2025 
Cera Beheersmaatschappij 
NV, executive director 
Cera CV, member of the 
executive committee 
KBC Group NV, non-
executive director 
KBC Insurance NV, non-
executive director 
Almancora 
Beheersmaatschappij NV, 
executive director 
CBC Banque SA, non-
executive director 
KBC Global Services NV, 
non-executive director 
DE BECKER Sonja 
M.R.B.B. CV 
Diestsevest 40 
3000 Leuven 
Non-executive 
director 
2024 
M.R.B.B. CV – 
Maatschappij voor 
Roerend Bezit van de 
Boerenbond, non-
executive director 
KBC Group NV, non-
executive director 
KBC Insurance NV, non-
executive director 
BB-Patrim CV, non-
executive director

--- Page 323 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
316 
Boerenbond, Chairman of 
the Board of Directors 
KBC Global Services NV, 
non-executive director 
WITTEMANS Marc 
M.R.B.B. CV 
Diestsevest 40 
3000 Leuven  
Non-executive 
director 
2022 
KBC Group NV, non-
executive director 
Arda Immo BV, non-
executive director 
Acerta BV, non-executive 
director 
Acerta Consult CV, non-
executive director 
SBB Accountants en 
Belastingconsulenten BV 
CV, non-executive 
director 
M.R.B.B. CV - 
Maatschappij voor 
Roerend Bezit van de 
Boerenbond, executive 
director/CEO 
KBC Insurance NV, non-
executive director 
Acerta Verzekeringen BV, 
non-executive director 
KBC Bank Ireland Plc, 
non-executive director 
Shéhérazade 
Développement BV, non-
executive director 
K&H Bank Zrt, non-
executive director 
KBC Global Services NV, 
non-executive director 
MOUCHERON David 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Executive director 
2024 
KBC Insurance NV, 
executive director 
KBC Group NV, member 
of the executive 
committee

--- Page 324 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
317 
CBC Banque SA, non-
executive director 
K&H ERTEKPAPIR 
ZARTKORUEN 
MUKOD O 
RESZVENYTARSASAG, 
non-executive director 
BVB, 
non-executive 
director 
Febelfin VZW, executive 
director 
MAGNUSSON Bo 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Independent director 
2024 
Bmag AB, non-executive 
director 
Rikshem AB, Chairman of 
the Board of Directors 
Rikshem Intressenter AB, 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Swedbank AB, non-
executive director 
LUTS Erik 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Executive director 
2025 
De Bremberg VZW, non-
executive director 
Thanksys NV, non-
executive director 
Joyn Belgium NV, non-
executive director 
KBC Verzekeringen NV, 
executive director 
KBC Group NV, member 
of the executive 
committee 
Isabel NV, non-executive 
director 
Belgian Mobile ID NV, 
non-executive director 
Bancontact Payconiq 
Company NV, non-
executive director

--- Page 325 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
318 
KIRALY Julia 
Záhony utca 7 
H1031 Budapest 
Hungary 
Independent director 
2023 
Fintor Holding Ltd., 
executive director 
KBC Group NV, non-
executive director 
KBC Global Services NV, 
non-executive director 
PAPIRNIK Vladimira 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Independent director 
2023 
KBC Group NV, non-
executive director 
KBC Global Services NV, 
non-executive director 
ANDRONOV Peter 
89B Vitosha Blvd. 
1463 Sofia 
Bulgaria 
 
Executive director  
2025 
DZI General Insurance 
plc, member of the 
remuneration committee 
DZI Life Insurance JSc, 
member of the 
remuneration committee 
United Bulgarian Bank 
AD, executive director 
Borica AD, non-executive 
director 
KBC Verzekeringen NV, 
executive director 
KBC Group NV, member 
of the executive 
committee 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors and has – with some limited exceptions – 
an advisory role. The Audit Committee, among other things, monitors the financial reporting process and 
submits recommendations or proposals to ensure its integrity, and monitors the effectiveness of the internal 
control and the risk management in place. 
The powers and composition of the Audit Committee, as well as its way of functioning, are extensively dealt 
with in the Corporate Governance Charter of the Guarantor which is published on www.kbc.com. The 
Corporate Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus, and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The members of the Guarantor’s Audit Committee are: 
• 
Marc Wittemans (chairman); 
• 
Nabil Ariss (independent director); and 
• 
Bo Magnusson (independent director).

--- Page 326 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
319 
Risk and compliance committee 
The Risk and Compliance Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors and has an advisory role. 
The Risk and Compliance Committee, among other things, provides advice to the Board of Directors about 
the current and future risk appetite and risk strategy. 
The powers and composition of the Risk and Compliance Committee, as well as its way of functioning, are 
extensively dealt with in the Guarantor’s Corporate Governance Charter, which is available on 
www.kbc.com. The Corporate Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference and does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus, and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The members of the Guarantor’s Risk and Compliance Committee are: 
• 
Franky Depickere (chairman); 
• 
Nabil Ariss (independent director); and 
• 
Bo Magnusson (independent director). 
Management structure 
KBC Group NV’s strategic choices are fully reflected in the group structure, which consists, as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, of a number of business units and support services and which are presented in 
simplified form as follows: 
 
KBC Group NV 
 
 
Corporate staff 
CFO services 
 
 
Innovation & digital transformation 
CRO services 
 
 
 
 
Belgium Business Unit 
 
 
Czech Republic Business 
Unit 
 
International Markets 
Business Unit 
(bank-insurance 
(bank-insurance 
(bank-insurance in Slovakia, 
in Belgium) 
in the Czech Republic) 
Hungary, Bulgaria and Ireland) 
The management structure of both the KBC Group NV and the Guarantor essentially comprises: 
• 
the three business units, which focus on local business and are expected to contribute to sustainable 
profit and growth: 
• 
Belgium Business Unit; 
• 
Czech Republic Business Unit; and 
• 
International Markets Business Unit: this encompasses the other core countries in Central and 
Eastern Europe (the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Bulgaria) and Ireland;

--- Page 327 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
320 
• 
the pillars ‘CRO Services’ and ‘CFO Services’ (which act as an internal regulator, and whose main 
role is to support the business units), ‘Corporate Staff’ (which is a competence centre for strategic 
know-how and best practices in corporate organisation and communication) and ‘Innovation and 
digital transformation’. 
Each business unit is headed by a Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), and these CEOs, together with the 
CEO, the Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”), the Chief Innovation Officer (“CIO”) and the Chief Financial 
Officer (“CFO”) constitute the executive committee. 
Conflicts of interest 
The Guarantor is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Guarantor of the 
members of the Board of Directors detailed above and their private interests or other duties. 
3 
The Guarantor’s Business 
The strategy of the KBC Group NV 
The Guarantor’s strategy is fully embedded in the strategy of its parent company, KBC Group NV. A 
summary is given below of the strategy of KBC Group NV, where the Guarantor is essentially responsible 
for the banking business and KBC Insurance NV for the insurance business. 
KBC Group NV’s strategy rests on a number of principles: 
• 
“We place our clients at the centre of everything we do. 
• 
We look to offer our clients a unique bank-insurance experience. 
• 
We focus on our group’s long-term development and aim to achieve sustainable and profitable 
growth. 
• 
We meet our responsibility to society and local economies. 
• 
We build upon the PEARL-values (“Performance”, “Empowerment”, “Accountability”, 
“Responsiveness” and “Local Embeddedness”), also focussing on the joint development of solutions, 
initiatives and ideas within the group (for information on PEARL: see page 10 of the Guarantor’s 
2020 Annual Report).”. 
KBC Group NV implements its strategy within a strict risk, capital and liquidity management framework. 
A summary of the Guarantor’s strategy is set out on pages 18 to 33 of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report, 
which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” on pages 50 to 52 of this Base Prospectus.  
More detailed information regarding KBC Group NV’s strategy can be found on pages 28 to 59 of KBC 
Group 
NV’s 
2020 
Annual 
Report, 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/jvs-2020/jvs-2020-grp-en.pdf. 
KBC Group NV’s 2020 Annual Report is not incorporated by reference into and does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF for purposes of this Base 
Prospectus. 
General description of the Guarantor’s activities 
The Guarantor is a multi-channel banking group that caters primarily to private persons, small and medium-
sized enterprises (“SMEs”) and midcaps. Its geographic focus is on Europe. In its “home” (or “core”) 
markets (Belgium, the Czech Republic, the Slovak Republic, Hungary, Bulgaria and Ireland), the Guarantor

--- Page 328 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
321 
has important and (in some cases) even leading positions (based on internal data). The Guarantor is also 
present in other countries where the primary focus is on supporting the corporate clients of the home 
markets. 
The Guarantor’s core business is retail and private bank-insurance (including asset management), although 
it is also active in providing services to corporations and market activities. Across most of its home markets, 
the Guarantor is active in a large number of products and activities, ranging from the plain vanilla deposit, 
credit, asset management and insurance businesses (via the Guarantor’s sister company, KBC Insurance 
NV) to specialised activities such as, but not exclusively, payments services, dealing room activities (money 
and debt market activities), brokerage and corporate finance, foreign trade finance, international cash 
management and leasing. 
Activities in Belgium 
Market position of the bank network in Belgium 
Market share (estimates by the Guarantor), end of 2020 
Banking products* 19% 
Investment funds 28% 
Bank branches, mid-2021 
454 
* Average of the share in credits and the share in deposits. 
The KBC Bank Group had, at the mid-2021, a network of 454 bank branches in Belgium: KBC Bank 
branches in Flanders, CBC Banque branches in Wallonia and KBC Brussels branches in the Brussels area. 
The branches focus on providing clients with a broad range of credit (including mortgage loans), deposit, 
investment fund and other asset management products, insurance products (in cooperation with the 
Guarantor’s sister company, KBC Insurance NV) and other specialised financial banking products and 
services. The KBC Bank Group’s bricks-and-mortar networks in Belgium are supplemented by electronic 
channels, such as ATMs, telephones and the internet (including a mobile banking app). KBC Bank, CBC 
Banque and KBC Brussels serve, based on their own estimates, approximately 3.4 million banking clients. 
Including insurance business, the number of clients rises to 3.7 million. 
KBC Group NV considers itself to be an integrated bank-insurer. Certain shared and support services are 
organised at KBC Group NV level, serving the entire Group and not just the bank or insurance businesses 
separately. It is the Group’s aim to continue to actively encourage the cross-selling of bank and insurance 
products. The success of the Group’s integrated bank-insurance model is in part due to the cooperation that 
exists between the bank branches and the insurance agents of KBC Insurance NV and CBC Assurance, 
whereby the branches sell standard insurance products to retail customers and refer their customers to the 
insurance agents for non-standard products. Claims-handling is the responsibility of the insurance agents, 
the call centre and the head office departments at KBC Insurance NV. 
At the end of 2020, the KBC Bank Group had, based on its own estimates (see table above), a 19% share of 
traditional banking activities in Belgium (the average of the share of the lending market and the deposit 
market). Over the past few years, the KBC Bank Group has built up a strong position in investment funds 
too, with an estimated market share of approximately 28%. 
The KBC Bank Group believes in the power of a physical presence through a branch and agency network 
that is close to its clients. At the same time, however, it expects the importance of online and mobile bank-
insurance to grow further and it is constantly developing new applications in these areas. That includes the 
various mobile banking apps for smartphones and tablets, which are being continuously improved and 
expanded.

--- Page 329 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
322 
With more and more customers opting for digital channels, the KBC Bank Group is gradually aligning its 
omni-channel distribution network with this changing customer behaviour. The KBC Bank Group is in the 
process of converting a number of smaller branches into unstaffed ones and closing some of the existing 
unstaffed branches in Flanders. At the same time, it continues to invest in its full-service branches, in KBC 
Live (an online contact service with specialists from KBC) and in its digital channels. The KBC Bank Group 
also optimised its group-wide governance model at management level and is in the process of further 
improving operational efficiency throughout the entire organisation in order to take customer service to an 
even higher level. This adaptation is essential in response to the new environment in which organisations 
are expected to be more agile, take decisions more quickly and thus continue to meet the expectations of 
customers and society. In this respect, in 2020 the Guarantor announced its updated strategy, ‘Differently: 
the Next Level’. It means that the Group will make the interaction with its clients more future-proof and 
smarter (i.e. reinforced by artificial intelligence) and that it will evolve from an omni-channel distribution 
model towards a digital-first model. The human factor remains important and staff and branches will be 
fully at the disposal of clients. As is always the case, the client decides which distribution channel, digital 
or physical, is used to contact KBC. In a digital-first distribution model, digital interactions with clients will 
form the initial basis. The KBC Bank Group therefore aims over time to provide all relevant solutions via 
mobile applications. In addition to a digital product range, it will offer clients digital advice and develop all 
processes and products as if they were sold digitally. 
In the KBC Bank Group’s financial reporting, the Belgian activities are combined into a single Belgium 
Business Unit. The results of the Belgium Business Unit essentially comprise the activities of the Guarantor, 
and its Belgian subsidiaries, the most important of which are CBC Banque, KBC Asset Management, KBC 
Lease Group (Belgium) and KBC Securities. 
The KBC Group’s aim in Belgium is: 
• 
To continue pursuing its strategy of putting the interests of the client at the heart of all the products 
and services it develops and at the centre of everything it does. The focus here is on a ‘digital first’ 
approach with a human touch, and on investing in the seamless integration of the various distribution 
channels. KBC Group is working on the further digitalisation of its banking, insurance and asset 
management services and exploiting new technologies and data to provide clients with more 
personalised and proactive solutions. Its digital assistant ‘Kate’, launched in November 2020, is 
taking this to the next level. 
• 
To support these activities, the KBC Bank Group is also fully engaged in introducing end-to-end 
straight-through processing into all commercial processes, making full use of all technological 
capabilities such as artificial intelligence. 
• 
To expand its service provision through own and other channels. The KBC Bank Group collaborates 
to this end with partners through ‘eco-systems’ that enable it to offer clients comprehensive solutions. 
It is also integrating a range of selected partners into its own mobile app and making products and 
services available in the distribution channels of selected third parties. 
• 
To exploit the potential in Brussels more efficiently via the separate brand, KBC Brussels, which 
reflects the capital’s specific cosmopolitan character and is designed to better meet the needs of the 
people living there. 
• 
To grow bank-insurance further at CBC in specific market segments and to expand the presence and 
accessibility in Wallonia. 
• 
To work on the ongoing optimisation of its bank-insurance model in Belgium.

--- Page 330 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
323 
• 
To continue pursuing its ambition to become the reference bank for SMEs and mid-cap enterprises 
in Belgium based on thorough knowledge of the client and its personal approach. 
• 
To express its commitment to Belgian society by taking initiatives in areas including environmental 
awareness, financial literacy, entrepreneurship and population ageing. The KBC Bank Group also 
actively participates in the mobility debate and develops solutions. 
Activities in Central and Eastern Europe 
Market position of the bank network in the 
home countries of Central and Eastern 
Europe 
Czech 
Republic 
Slovak 
Republic 
Hungary 
Bulgaria 
Market 
share 
(estimates by the 
Guarantor), at the 
end of 2020 
Banking products* 
Investment funds 
21% 
23% 
12% 
12% 
11% 
13% 
10% 
18% 
Bank 
branches, 
mid-2021 
Total 
232* 
174 
202 
173 
* Average of the share in credits and the share in deposits 
In the Central and Eastern European region, the Guarantor focuses on four home countries, being the Czech 
Republic, the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Bulgaria. The main Central and Eastern European entities of 
the Guarantor in those home markets are United Bulgarian Bank in Bulgaria, ČSOB and OTP Banka 
Slovensko (acquired in 2020, see below) in the Slovak Republic, ČSOB in the Czech Republic, and K&H 
Bank in Hungary. At the end of November 2020, KBC Group completed the acquisition of 99.44% of the 
shares in OTP Banka Slovensko. This company operates in Slovakia, where it has a share of almost 2% in 
the market for deposits and loans. This acquisition has bolstered the KBC Group’s share of the Slovakian 
market, where it was already operating through ČSOB. 
In its four home countries, the Guarantor now caters to roughly 6 million customers, or 8 million including 
the insurance business (see below). This customer base makes the KBC Group one of the larger financial 
groups in the Central and Eastern European region.  
The KBC Bank Group companies focus on providing clients with a broad range of credit (including 
mortgage loans), deposit, investment fund and other asset management products, insurance products and 
other specialised financial products and services. As is the case in Belgium, the bricks-and-mortar networks 
in Central and Eastern Europe are supplemented by electronic channels, such as ATMs, telephone and the 
internet. As regards the updated KBC Bank Group strategy, ‘Differently: the Next Level’, please refer to the 
previous section on “Activities in Belgium”. 
KBC Group’s bank-insurance concept has, over the past few years, been exported to its Central and Eastern 
European entities. In order to be able to do so, KBC Group has built up a second home market in Central 
and Eastern Europe in insurance (via KBC Insurance NV). KBC Group has an insurance business in every 
Central and Eastern European home country: in the Czech Republic, the KBC Group’s insurer is ČSOB 
Pojist’ovňa, in the Slovak Republic it is ČSOB Poist’ovňa, in Hungary it is K&H Insurance and in Bulgaria 
it is DZI Insurance. Contrary to the situation of KBC Bank Group in Belgium, the KBC Group’s insurance 
companies in Central and Eastern Europe operate not only via tied agents (and bank branches) but also via 
other distribution channels, such as insurance brokers and multi-agents. Note that, at the end of July 2021, 
the Group also acquired from Nationale Nederlanden Group its Bulgarian pension and life insurance 
businesses, a move that will enable the KBC Group to further consolidate its position in the Bulgarian home 
market.

--- Page 331 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
324 
The KBC Bank Group’s estimated market share (the average of the share of the lending market and the 
deposit market, see table above) amounted to 21% in the Czech Republic, 12% in the Slovak Republic, 11% 
in Hungary, and 10% in Bulgaria (rounded figures). The KBC Bank Group also has a strong position in the 
investment fund market in Central and Eastern Europe (estimated at 23% in the Czech Republic, 12% in the 
Slovak Republic, 13% in Hungary and 18% in Bulgaria). 
In the KBC Bank Group’s financial reporting, the Czech activities are separated in a single Czech Republic 
Business Unit, whereas the activities in the other Central and Eastern European countries, together with 
Ireland (see further below), are combined into the International Markets Business Unit. The Czech Republic 
Business Unit hence comprises all KBC Bank Group’s activities in the Czech Republic, consisting primarily 
of the activities of the ČSOB group (under the ČSOB, Postal Savings Bank, Hypotečni banka, Patria and 
ČMSS brands (the latter is being rebranded into ČSOB Stavební sporitelna)) The International Markets 
Business Unit comprises the activities conducted by entities in the other (non-Czech) Central and Eastern 
European core countries, namely ČSOB and OTP Banka Slovensko in the Slovak Republic, K&H Bank in 
Hungary and UBB in Bulgaria, plus KBC Bank Ireland’s Irish operations. 
The focus of the KBC Bank Group in the future is the following: 
• 
In relation to the Czech Republic Business Unit: 
• 
retaining its reference position in banking and insurance services by offering its retail, SME 
and mid-cap clients a hassle-free, no-frills client experience; 
• 
using data and AI to offer personalised solutions proactively to its clients, including via 
‘Kate’, its personalised digital assistant; 
• 
continuing the further digitalisation of its services and to introduce new and innovative 
products and services, including open bank-insurance solutions aimed at boosting the 
financial well-being of its clients; 
• 
concentrating on rolling out straight through processing and further simplifying products, 
head office, distribution model and branding, in order to enable it to operate even more cost-
effectively; 
• 
unlocking business potential through advanced use of data and digital lead management, to 
leverage its position as market leader in home finance and to focus even more strongly on 
growing the volume and profitability of its insurance offering; 
• 
strengthening its business culture and become more flexible, agile and diverse; and 
• 
expressing its social engagement by focusing on environmental awareness, financial literacy, 
entrepreneurship and an ageing population. 
• 
In relation to the International Markets Business Unit (excluding Ireland): 
• 
the updated KBC Group strategy presents a number of challenges for all countries including 
the business unit, including: 
• 
developing new and unique ‘bank-insurance+’ propositions; 
• 
continuing to digitally upgrade their distribution model; 
• 
driving the volume of straight-through and scalable processing;

--- Page 332 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
325 
• 
increasing capacity in relation to data and AI to enable them to proactively offer 
relevant and personalised solutions; 
• 
selectively expanding activities with a view to securing a top-three position in banking 
and a top-four position in insurance; and 
• 
implementing a socially responsible approach in all countries, with a particular focus 
on environmental awareness, financial literacy, entrepreneurship and health. 
• 
the updated KBC Group strategy presents the following country-specific challenges: 
• 
becoming the leader in the area of innovation in Hungary. KBC Group is aiming to 
raise profitability by targeting income through client acquisition in all banking 
segments and through more intensive cross-selling. It also aims to expand its insurance 
activities substantially, primarily through sales at bank branches and, for non-life 
insurance, via both online and traditional brokers. 
• 
maintaining robust growth in strategic products in Slovakia (i.e. home loans, consumer 
finance, SME funding, leasing and insurance), partly through cross-selling to group 
clients and via digital channels. Other priorities include the sale of funds and increased 
fee income. 
• 
focusing – as regards the banking business in Bulgaria – on increasing the Group’s 
share of the lending market in all segments, while applying a robust risk framework. 
The KBC Group’s insurer, DZI, is likewise maintaining its goal of growing faster than 
the market in both life and non-life insurance, via the KBC Bank NV and other 
channels. 
An overview of the KBC Bank Group’s recent acquisitions is set out in the “We focus on sustainable and 
profitable growth” section of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 50 
to 52 of this Base Prospectus. 
Activities in the rest of the world 
A number of companies belonging to the KBC Bank Group are also active in, or have outlets in, countries 
outside the home markets, among which the Guarantor, which has a network of foreign branches and KBC 
Bank Ireland. 
KBC Bank Ireland 
The loan portfolio of KBC Bank Ireland plc stood at approximately EUR 10.5 billion as at the end of June 
2021, almost entirely relating to mortgage loans. At the end of June 2021, approximately 13% (EUR 1.3 
billion) of the total Irish loan portfolio was impaired (of which EUR 0.7 billion more than 90 days past due). 
For the impaired loans, approximately EUR 0.4 billion impairments have been booked. The Group estimates 
its share of the Irish retail market in 2020 at 8%. It caters to around 0.3 million clients there. KBC Bank 
Ireland has 12 branches (hubs) in Ireland, next to its digital channels. A full profit and loss scheme for 
Ireland is available in the Guarantor’s segment reporting (see page 128 of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual 
Report which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
As regards the KBC Group’s strategy in Ireland, please refer to the section entitled “KBC Group NV” above. 
Specifically for Ireland, the focus is on providing an outstanding client experience in Ireland. The KBC 
Group aims to differentiate itself through the instant and proactive delivery of products and services and

--- Page 333 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
326 
through a high level of accessibility (including mobile and contact centre). It will further develop its strong 
position in home loans and is fully committed to bank-insurance (to which end it recently launched its own 
life insurance company in Ireland, through which it is offering a range of innovative digital pension 
products) and to providing asset management products.  
In the KBC Bank Group’s financial reporting, KBC Bank Ireland is included in the International Markets 
Business Unit.  
KBC Bank Ireland has entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (“MoU”) with the Bank of Ireland, 
expressing the parties’ intention to explore a route that could potentially lead to a transaction whereby the 
Bank of Ireland commits to acquire substantially all of KBC Bank Ireland’s performing loan assets and 
liabilities. KBC Bank Ireland’s remaining non-performing mortgage loan portfolio, which is not part of the 
MoU, was also analysed whereby KBC Group reviewed its options to divest this non-performing loan 
portfolio.  
On 30 August 2021, KBC Bank Ireland confirmed it has reached an agreement to dispose of a non-
performing mortgage loan portfolio of roughly 1.1 billion euros (including, private dwelling house and buy-
to-let mortgages and a small number of non-mortgage non-performing loans) in a transaction financed by 
funds managed by CarVal Investors. More information is available in the press release dated 30 August 
2021, published on www.kbc.com. This document is not incorporated by reference and does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus, and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.  
On 22 October 2021, KBC Bank Ireland confirmed that it had entered into a legally binding agreement with 
the Bank of Ireland relating to the sale of substantially all of KBC Bank Ireland’s performing loan assets 
and its deposit book to Bank of Ireland Group. In addition, a small portfolio of non-performing mortgages 
will also be acquired as part of the transaction. The acquisition for a total consideration of c.EUR 5.0 billion 
(net of deposits), involves c.EUR 8.8 billion of performing mortgages, c.EUR 0.1 billion of mainly 
performing commercial and consumer loans, c.EUR 0.3 billion of non-performing mortgages and c.EUR 
4.4 billion of deposits. The exact size of the portfolio and consideration payable will depend on movements 
in the portfolio up to completion, but is not expected to materially change. The transaction remains subject 
to regulatory, including Irish competition, approvals. More information on the transaction is contained in 
the press release dated 22 October 2021, published on www.kbc.com. This document is not incorporated by 
reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
CSSF.  
Execution of these two transactions would ultimately result in the KBC Group’s withdrawal from the Irish 
market. Notwithstanding KBC Group’s expected withdrawal from the Irish market, KBC Bank Ireland 
remains committed to offering its retail banking and insurance services of the highest level through its digital 
channels and hubs, for its existing and new customers. 
Foreign branches of the Guarantor 
The foreign branches of the Guarantor are located mainly in Western Europe, Southeast Asia and the U.S. 
and focus on serving customers that already do business with the Group’s Belgian or Central and Eastern 
European network. In the past years, many of the other activities of these branches have been wound down, 
stopped or sold, and the international credit portfolio has been scaled down. In the KBC Bank Group’s 
financial reporting, the foreign branches of the Guarantor are part of the Belgium Business Unit. 
Group Centre 
The three business units (Belgium, Czech Republic and International Markets) are supplemented by the 
group centre. The group centre includes, among other things, costs related to the holding of participations 
and the results of the remaining companies or activities earmarked for divestment or in run-down.

--- Page 334 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
327 
Competition 
All of the KBC Bank Group’s operations face competition in the sectors they serve. Depending on the 
activity, competitor companies include other commercial banks, saving banks, loan institutions, consumer 
finance companies, investment banks, brokerage firms, specialised finance companies, asset managers, 
private bankers, investment companies, fintech and e-commerce companies. 
In both Belgium and Central and Eastern Europe, the KBC Bank Group has an extensive network of 
branches and the KBC Bank Group believes most of its companies have strong name brand recognition in 
their respective markets. 
In Belgium, the KBC Bank Group is perceived as belonging to the top three (3) financial institutions. For 
certain products or activities, the KBC Bank Group estimates it has a leading position (e.g. in the area of 
investment funds). The main competitors in Belgium are BNP Paribas Fortis, Belfius and ING, although for 
certain products, services or markets, other financial institutions may also be important competitors. 
In its Central and Eastern European home markets, the KBC Bank Group is one of the important financial 
groups, occupying significant positions in banking. In this respect, the KBC Bank Group competes, in each 
of these countries, against local financial institutions, as well as subsidiaries of other large foreign financial 
groups (such as Erste Bank, Unicredit and others). 
In the rest of the world, the KBC Bank Group's presence mainly consists of KBC Bank Ireland plc, which 
is active in Ireland, and a limited number of branches and subsidiaries. In the latter case, the KBC Bank 
Group faces competition both from local companies and international financial groups. 
KBC Bank Ireland plc is a challenger bank. Its main competitors are the large domestic banks (such as 
Allied Irish Banks plc and Bank of Ireland plc). 
Staff 
In 2020, the KBC Bank Group had, on average and on a consolidated basis, about 28,838 employees (in full 
time or equivalent-numbers), the majority of whom were located in Belgium (largely employed by the 
Guarantor) and Central and Eastern Europe. In addition to consultations, at works council meetings and at 
meetings with union representatives and with other consultative bodies, the KBC Bank Group also works 
closely in other areas with employee associations. There are various collective labour agreements in force. 
Risk management 
Mainly active in banking and asset management, the KBC Bank Group is exposed to a number of typical 
industry-specific risks such as – but certainly not exclusively – credit risk, market risks, movements in 
interest rates and exchange rates, currency risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, exposure to emerging 
markets, changes in regulations and customer litigation as well as the economy in general. Material risk 
factors affecting the Guarantor are mentioned in the section entitled “Risk Factors” on page 6 and following 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Risk management in the Group is effected group-wide. 
An overview of KBC Bank Group’s risk management approach is set out in the “Risk management” section 
on pages 46 to 80 of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 50 to 52 of 
this Base Prospectus.  
More detailed information can be found in KBC Group NV’s 2020 Risk Report, available at 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/jvs-2020/risk-report-2020.pdf.

--- Page 335 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
328 
This document is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and it has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Banking supervision and regulation 
Introduction: supervision by the European Central Bank 
KBC Bank NV, a credit institution governed by the laws of Belgium, is subject to detailed and 
comprehensive regulation in Belgium, and is supervised by the European Central Bank (the “ECB”), acting 
as the supervisory authority for prudential supervision of significant financial institutions. The ECB 
exercises its prudential supervisory powers by means of application of EU rules and national (Belgian) 
legislation. The supervisory powers conferred to the ECB include, amongst others, the granting and 
withdrawal of authorisations to and from credit institutions, the assessment of acquisitions and disposals of 
qualifying holdings in credit institutions, ensuring compliance with the rules on equity, liquidity, statutory 
ratios and the carrying out of supervisory reviews (including stress tests) for credit institutions. 
Pursuant to Regulation (EU) n° 468/2014 of 16 April 2014 establishing a framework for cooperation within 
the Single Supervisory Mechanism between the ECB and national competent authorities, a joint supervisory 
team has been established for the prudential supervision of the Guarantor (and KBC Group NV). This team 
is composed of staff members from the ECB and from the national supervisory authority (in casu the NBB) 
and working under the coordination of an ECB staff member. 
The Financial Services and Markets Authority (“FSMA”), an autonomous public agency, is in charge of the 
supervision of conduct of business rules for financial institutions and financial market supervision. 
EU regulations and directives have had and will continue to have a significant impact on the regulation of 
the banking business in the EU, as such regulations have a direct effect and directives are implemented 
through legislation adopted in each Member State, including Belgium. The general objective of the EU 
legislation is to promote the realisation of a unified internal market for banking services and to improve 
standards of prudential supervision and market efficiency through harmonisation of core regulatory 
standards and mutual recognition among EU Member States of regulatory supervision and, in particular, 
licensing. 
Supervision and regulation in Belgium 
The banking regime in Belgium is governed by the Law of 25 April 2014 on the legal status and supervision 
of credit institutions of and stockbroking firms (the “Banking Law”). The Banking Law implements various 
EU directives, including, without limitation: 
(i) 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended 
by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 May 2019, and as may be further amended or replaced from time 
to time (the “CRD”) and, where applicable, Regulation (EU) n° 575/2013 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of 20 May 2019, and 
as may be further amended or replaced from time to time (the “CRR”, and together with the CRD, 
“CRD IV”) implementing the revised regulatory framework of Basel III on the European Union; and 
(ii) 
Directive 2014/59 of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 20 May 2019 (the 
“BRRD”).  
CRD IV applies in Belgium since 1 January 2014, subject to certain requirements being phased in over a 
number of years, as set out therein. BRRD has formally been transposed into Belgian Law by amending the 
Banking Law with effect from 16 July 2016.

--- Page 336 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
329 
The Banking Law sets forth the conditions under which credit institutions may operate in Belgium and 
defines the regulatory and supervisory powers of the ECB and the NBB. The main objective of the Banking 
law is to protect public savings and the stability of the Belgian banking system in general. 
Supervision of credit institutions 
All Belgian credit institutions must obtain a license from the ECB before they may commence operations. 
In order to obtain a license and maintain it, each credit institution must fulfil numerous conditions, including 
certain minimum paid-up capital requirements. 
In addition, any shareholder acquiring, individually or acting in concert with another person or persons, a 
“qualifying holding” in the credit institution (i.e. a direct or indirect holding which represents 10% or more 
of the capital or of the voting rights or which makes it possible to exercise a significant influence over the 
management of that institution) must be of “fit and proper” character to ensure proper and prudent 
management of the credit institution. Prior notification to the NBB and no indication of opposition by the 
ECB is required each time a person decides to acquire a qualifying holding in a credit institution or to further 
increase such qualifying holding as a result of which the proportion of the voting rights or of the capital held 
would reach or exceed 20%, 30% or 50%, or so that the credit institution would become its subsidiary. If 
the ECB considers that the participation of a shareholder in a credit institution jeopardises its sound and 
prudent management, it may suspend the voting rights attached to such participation and, if necessary, 
request that the shareholder transfers to a third party its participation in the credit institution.  
Furthermore, a shareholder who decides to dispose, directly or indirectly, of a qualifying holding or to reduce 
it so that the proportion of the voting rights or of the capital held would fall below 20%, 30% or 50% or so 
that the credit institution would cease to be its subsidiary, must notify the NBB thereof. 
The Belgian credit institution itself is obliged to notify the NBB of any such transfer when it becomes aware 
thereof.  
Moreover, every shareholder acquiring a holding or increasing its holding (directly or indirectly, individually 
or acting in concert with third parties) to 5% or more of the capital of the voting rights without acquiring a 
qualifying holding, must notify the NBB thereof within ten working days. The same shall apply to a 
shareholder who no longer holds, directly or indirectly, more than 5% of the voting rights or capital in a 
credit institution. 
The Banking Law requires credit institutions to provide detailed periodic financial information to the ECB 
and, under certain circumstances, the FSMA. 
The ECB also supervises the enforcement of laws and regulations with respect to the accounting principles 
applicable to credit institutions. 
The ECB sets the minimum capital adequacy ratios applicable to credit institutions. The ECB may also set 
other ratios, for example, with respect to the liquidity and gearing of credit institutions. It also sets the 
standards regarding solvency, liquidity, risk concentration and other limitations applicable to credit 
institutions and the publication of this information. The NBB may in addition impose capital requirements 
for capital buffers (including countercyclical buffer rates and any other measures aimed at addressing 
systemic or macro-prudential risks). 
In order to exercise its prudential supervision, the ECB may require that all information with respect to the 
organisation, the functioning, the position and the transactions of a credit institution be provided to it. 
Further, the ECB supervises, among other things, the management structure, the administrative organisation, 
the accounting and the internal control mechanisms of a credit institution. In addition, the ECB may conduct 
on-site inspections (with or without the assistance of NBB staff).

--- Page 337 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
330 
The comprehensive supervision of credit institutions is also exercised through statutory auditors who 
cooperate with the supervisor in its prudential supervision. A credit institution selects its statutory auditor 
from the list of auditors or audit firms accredited by the NBB. 
Within the context of the European System of Central Banks, the NBB issues certain recommendations 
regarding monetary controls. 
The Banking Law has introduced a prohibition in principle on proprietary trading as from 1 January 2015. 
However, certain proprietary trading activities are excluded from this prohibition. Permitted proprietary 
trading activities (including certified market-making, hedging, treasury management, and long-term 
investments) are capped, and these types of activities must comply with strict requirements on reporting, 
internal governance and risk management. 
Bank governance 
The Banking Law also puts a lot of emphasis on the solid and efficient organisation of credit institutions 
and introduces to that effect a dual governance structure at management level, specialised advisory 
committees within the Board of Directors (Audit Committee, Risk Committee, Remuneration Committee 
and Nomination Committee), independent control functions, and strict remuneration policies (including 
limits on the amount of variable remuneration, the form and timing for vesting and payment of variable 
remuneration, as well as claw-back mechanics). 
In accordance with the Banking Law makes a fundamental distinction between the management of banking 
activities, which is within the competence of the Executive Committee, and the supervision of management 
and the definition of the credit institution’s general and risk policy, which is entrusted to the Board of 
Directors. According to the Banking Law, the Guarantor has an Executive Committee of which each member 
is also a member of the Board of Directors. 
Pursuant to the Banking Law, the members of the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors need to 
permanently have the required professional reliability and appropriate experience. The same goes for the 
responsible persons of the independent control functions. 
The NBB Governance Manual for the Banking Sector (the “Governance Manual”) contains 
recommendations to assure the suitability of shareholders, management and independent control functions 
and the appropriate organisation of the business. 
As required by the Banking Law and the Governance Manual, KBC Group NV has drafted a Group Internal 
Governance Memorandum (the “Governance Memorandum”), which sets out the corporate governance 
policy applying to KBC Group NV and its subsidiaries and of which the governance memorandum of the 
Guarantor forms part. The corporate governance policy of a credit institution must meet the principles set 
out in the law and the Governance Manual. The most recent version of the Governance Memorandum was 
approved on 17 December 2020 by the Board of Directors of KBC Group NV, KBC Bank NV and KBC 
Insurance NV. 
The Guarantor also has a Corporate Governance Charter which is published on www.kbc.com. This 
document is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and it has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Solvency supervision 
Capital requirements and capital adequacy ratios are provided for in the CRR, transposing the Basel III 
regulation into European law. The CRR requires that credit institutions must comply with several minimum 
solvency ratios. These ratios are defined as Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”), Tier 1 capital and Total 
Capital divided by risk weighted assets. Risk weighted assets for credit risk are the sum of all assets and off-

--- Page 338 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
331 
balance sheet items weighted according to the degree of credit risk inherent in them. The solvency ratios 
also take into account market risk and counterparty risk with respect to the bank’s trading book (including 
interest rate and foreign currency exposure), operational risk, credit valuation adjustment risk and settlement 
risk in the calculation of the risk weighted assets. On top of the capital requirements defined by the solvency 
ratios, the regulation imposes a combined buffer requirement (see below). 
Solvency is also limited by the leverage ratio, which compares Tier 1 capital to the total exposure measure 
(non-risk weighted). 
The minimum solvency ratios required under CRD IV are 4.5% for the CET1 ratio, 6.0% for the tier-1 
capital ratio and 8.0% for the total capital ratio (i.e., the pillar 1 minimum ratios). As a result of its 
supervisory review and evaluation process (“SREP”) or its examination of internal approaches, the 
competent supervisory authority (in the Guarantor’s case, the ECB): 
• 
can require the Guarantor to maintain higher minimum ratios (i.e. a pillar 2 requirement of 1.75%) 
because, for instance, not all risks are properly reflected in the regulatory pillar 1 calculations and a 
pillar 2 guidance of 1.0% to absorb adverse scenarios; 
• 
can take other measures such as imposing the reservation of distributable profits in whole or in part, 
requiring that variable remuneration be limited to a percentage of the profits and requiring the 
institution to limit the risk associated with certain activities or products or with its organisation, where 
appropriate by imposing the total or partial transfer of its business or network. 
In total, this brings the fully loaded CET1 capital requirement to 10.45% (4.5% (pillar 1) + 1.75% (pillar 2 
requirement) + 2.5% (conservation buffer) + 1.5% (systemic buffer) + 0.20% (countercyclical buffer)), with 
an additional pillar 2 guidance of 1% consolidated at KBC Bank Group level. 
The fully loaded Tier 1 capital and total own funds requirements amounts to 11.95% (10.45% CET1 + 1.5% 
additional Tier 1) respectively 13.95% (11.95% Tier 1 + 2% Tier 2). 
On top of this, a number of additional buffers have to be put in place, including a capital conservation buffer 
of 2.5%, a buffer for systemically important banks (“O-SII buffer”, to be determined by the national 
competent authority) and a countercyclical buffer in times of credit growth (between 0% and 2.5%, likewise 
to be determined by the national competent authority). 
For an overview of the regulatory capital requirements at the level of KBC Bank for 2020, as well as a 
breakdown of the total regulatory capital and solvency ratios at the level of KBC Bank as at 31 December 
2020, please refer to page 81 of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report, which has been incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” 
on pages 50 to 52 of this Base Prospectus. 
The payment of dividends by Belgian credit institutions is not limited by Belgian banking regulations, 
except indirectly through capital adequacy and solvency requirements when capital ratios fall below certain 
thresholds. The pay-out is further limited by the general provisions of Belgian company law. 
In March 2020, the ECB published a ‘Recommendation on dividend distributions during the COVID-19 
pandemic’ in which the ECB recommends that at least until 1 October 2020 no dividends are paid out and 
no irrevocable commitment to pay out dividends is undertaken by institutions (on a consolidated level) for 
the financial year 2019 and 2020 and that institutions refrain from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating

--- Page 339 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
332 
shareholders17. In July 2020, the ECB decided to extend this recommendation until 1 January 2021. On 15 
December 2020, the ECB called on banks to refrain from or limit dividends until 30 September 2021 and 
recommended that banks exercise extreme prudence on dividends and share buy-backs18. On 23 July 2021, 
the ECB decided not to extend beyond September 2021 its recommendation19 . However, the ECB has 
indicated that banks should remain prudent when deciding on dividends and share buy-backs, carefully 
considering the sustainability of their business model and that they should not underestimate the risk that 
additional losses may later have an impact on their capital trajectory as support measures expire. 
For completeness, in 2020 the Guarantor paid a dividend of EUR 1.1 billion to its parent company KBC 
Group NV (intragroup payment). 
Large exposure supervision 
European regulations ensure the solvency of credit institutions by imposing limits on the concentration of 
risk in order to limit the impact of failure on the part of a large debtor. For this purpose, credit institutions 
must limit the amount of risk exposure to any single counterparty to 25% of the total Tier 1 capital. European 
regulations also require that the credit institutions establish procedures to contain concentrations on 
economic activity sectors and geographic areas. 
4 
Anti-Money laundering 
Belgium has implemented Directive (EU) 2015/849 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2015 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of money laundering or 
terrorist financing by the law of 18 September 2017 on the prevention of money laundering, terrorist 
financing and on the limitation of the use of cash (the “Law of 18 September 2017”). This legislation 
imposes obligations in relation to the prevention of money laundering and the financing of terrorism 
(“ML/TF”) to certain obliged entities, including credit and financial institutions. These obligations are 
related to, among others, to the identification of the client, the client’s representatives and ultimate beneficial 
owners, the identification of the client’s characteristics and the purpose and nature of the business 
relationship, the ongoing due diligence during the business relationship, the enhanced due diligence in 
particular cases (such as in case of politically exposes persons), the appointment of an anti-money laundering 
compliance officer, the training of personnel and the restriction on the use of cash. The implementation of 
measures shall be risk-based meaning that the measures shall be differentiated according to the obliged 
entities’ ML/TF risk. 
The Law of 18 September 2017 also imposes the obligation to promptly notify suspicious transactions to an 
independent administrative authority, the Financial Intelligence Unit. This Unit is designated to receive 
reports on suspicious transactions, to investigate them and, if necessary, to report to the criminal prosecutors 
to initiate proceedings. The NBB has issued guidelines for credit and financial institutions and supervises 
their compliance with this legislation. Belgian criminal law specifically addresses criminal offences of 
money-laundering (Article 505 of the Criminal Code) and sanctions them with a prison sentence of a 
 
 
 
                                                          
17  European Banking Authority, “Statement on dividends distribution, share buybacks and variable remuneration”, 31 March 2020; European 
Banking Authority, “EBA statement on actions to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on the EU banking sector”, 12 March 2020 
18  European Banking Authority, “ECB asks banks to refrain from or limit dividends until September 2021”, 15 December 2020, available 
at: 
https://www.bankingsupervision.europa.eu/press/pr/date/2020/html/ssm.pr201215~4742ea7c8a.en.html#:~:text=The%20European%20
Central%20Bank%20(ECB,distributions%2C%20until%2030%20September%202021.  
19  European Banking Authority, “ECB decides not to extend dividend recommendation beyond September 2021 (europa.eu)”. The 
information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 340 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
333 
minimum of fifteen days and a maximum of five years and/or a fine of a minimum of EUR 26 and a 
maximum of EUR 100,000 (to be multiplied by 8). 
5 
Consolidated supervision – supplementary supervision 
The Guarantor is subject to consolidated supervision by the ECB on the basis of the consolidated financial 
situation of KBC Group NV, which covers, among other things, solvency as described above, pursuant to 
Articles 165 and following of the Banking Law. As a subsidiary of a Belgian mixed financial holding 
company (KBC Group NV) and part of a financial conglomerate, the Guarantor is also subject to the 
supplementary supervision by the ECB, according to Directive 2011/89/EU of 16 November 2011 amending 
Directives 98/78/EC, 2002/87/EC, 2006/48/EC and 2009/138/EC as regards the supplementary supervision 
of financial entities in a financial conglomerate (implemented in Articles 185 and following of the Banking 
Law). The supplementary supervision relates to, among other things, solvency, risk concentration and intra-
group transactions and to enhanced reporting obligations. 
The consolidated supervision and the supplementary supervision will be aligned as much as possible, as 
described in Article 170 of the Banking Law. 
6 
Bank recovery and resolution 
The Banking Law establishes a range of instruments to tackle potential crises of credit institutions at three 
stages: 
(i) 
Preparation and prevention 
KBC Group NV has to draw up a group recovery plan, setting out the measures which would be 
taken to stabilise the group as a whole or each credit institution in the group if it is in a difficult 
financial situation, and which seek to address or remove the causes of difficulties and to restore the 
financial situation of the group or credit institution, having regard also to the financial situation of 
other group entities. This group recovery plan must, in principle, be updated at least annually or after 
a change to the legal or organisational structure of the institution, its business or its financial situation, 
which could have a material effect on, or necessitates a change to, the group recovery plan. In its 
review of the recovery plan, the ECB pays particular attention to the appropriateness of the capital 
and financing structure of the credit institutions, of the group, and of group entities in relation to the 
degree of complexity of their organisational structure and their risk profile. 
The SRB will have to prepare a resolution plan for each significant Belgian credit institution, laying 
out the actions it may take if it were to meet the conditions for resolution. The resolution college of 
the NBB has the same powers with regard to the non-significant Belgian credit institutions. If the 
SRB or the Resolution College identifies material impediments to resolvability during the course of 
this planning process, it can require a credit institution to take appropriate measures, including 
changes to corporate and legal structures. 
(ii) 
Early intervention 
The ECB/NBB disposes of a set of powers to intervene if a credit institution faces financial distress 
(e.g. when a credit institution is not operating in accordance with the provisions of the Banking Law), 
but before its financial situation deteriorates irreparably. These powers include the ability to dismiss 
the management and appoint a special commissioner, to convene a meeting of shareholders to adopt 
urgent reforms, to suspend or prohibit all or part of the credit institution’s activities (including a 
partial or complete suspension of the execution of current contracts), to order the disposal of all or

--- Page 341 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
334 
part of the credit institution’s shareholdings or the transfer of all or part of the net worth, and finally, 
to revoke the license of the credit institution. 
(iii) 
Resolution 
Pursuant to the Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Bank 
Resolution Fund and amending the Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council (the Single Resolution Mechanism or SRM), as amended by Regulation (EU) 
2019/877 of 20 May 2019, the Single Resolution Mechanism entered into force on 19 August 2014 
and applies to credit institutions which fall under the supervision of the ECB. It established a Single 
Resolution Board (SRB), a resolution decision-making authority replacing national resolution 
authorities (such as the Resolution College of the NBB) for resolution decisions with regard to 
significant credit institutions. The SRB is responsible since 1 January 2016 of vetting resolution plans 
and carrying out any resolution in cooperation with the national resolution authorities (the SRB 
together with the resolution college of the NBB is hereinafter referred to as the Resolution Authority). 
The Guarantor and KBC Group NV are credit institutions falling within the scope of the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism. 
The resolution authority can decide to take resolution measures if it considers that all of the following 
circumstances are present: (i) the determination has been made by the resolution authority, after 
consulting the competent authority, that a credit institution is failing or is likely to fail, (ii) there is 
no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures or supervisory action can be taken 
to prevent the failure of the institution, and (iii) resolving the credit institution is necessary from a 
public interest perspective. The resolution tools are: (i) the sale of (a part of) the assets/liabilities or 
the shares of the credit institution without the consent of shareholders, (ii) the transfer of business to 
a temporary structure (“bridge bank”), (iii) the separation of clean and toxic assets and the transfer 
of toxic assets to an asset management vehicle and (iv) bail-in. 
The fourth resolution tool, i.e. the bail-in tool, entered into force on 1 January 2016. It was 
implemented into Belgian law through the Royal Decree of 18 December 2015 implementing the 
Banking Law. Bail-in is a mechanism to write down the eligible liabilities (subordinated debt, senior 
debt and eligible deposits) or to convert debt into equity, as a means of restoring the institution’s 
capital position. The resolution authority is also empowered (and in certain circumstances required) 
to write down or convert capital instruments (such as Common Equity Tier 1-, Additional Tier 1- and 
Tier 2-instruments) and eligible liabilities, before or together with the use of any resolution tools, if 
it determines that a credit institution becomes non-viable, that the conditions for the exercise of the 
resolution powers are fulfilled and/or that a credit institution has asked for public support. 
The applicability of the resolution tools and measures to credit institutions that are part of a cross-
border group are regulated by the Royal Decree of 26 December 2015 amending the Banking Law, 
which entered into force on 1 January 2016. 
7 
Material contracts 
No member of the KBC Bank Group has entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of 
its business which could result in any member of the KBC Bank Group being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 342 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
335 
8 
Recent events 
16 April 2021: Memorandum of Understanding that could lead to a transaction in which Bank of Ireland 
undertakes to acquire virtually all of KBC Bank Ireland's performing loan assets and liabilities. In addition, 
the Group examined its options for divesting KBC Bank Ireland's portfolio of non-performing mortgage 
loans. On 30 August 2021, KBC Bank Ireland confirmed it has reached agreement to dispose of a non-
performing mortgage loan portfolio of roughly EUR 1.1 billion (including, private dwelling house and buy-
to-let mortgages and a small number of non-mortgage non-performing loans) in a transaction financed by 
funds managed by CarVal Investors. Successful completion of both transactions may ultimately result in 
withdrawal from the Irish market. See press releases on www.kbc.com.  
9 
Trend information 
The main sources for this section are the European Banking Authority, the ECB and the European 
Commission. 
Banking sector 
Although the banking sector in some EU countries is still dealing with a legacy of non-performing loans 
dating from the global financial crisis of 2008-2009 (“GFC”), the European banking sector is in much better 
shape to deal with the economic harm of the COVID-19 pandemic than on the eve of the GFC. Despite 
differences across countries, at 15.5% the average CET1 ratio (fully loaded) of the European banking sector 
reached a new all-time high in Q4 2020. Non-performing loans still declined on average for both households 
and non-financial corporates. Nevertheless, first signs of deterioration in exposures to sectors that are most 
affected by the COVID-19 crisis were visible at the end of 2020.  
Looking forward, enhanced economic governance and the banking union, which still needs to be completed, 
significantly strengthened the Eurozone architecture and offer a more stable banking sector environment 
than in the pre-GFC years. Amid a very uncertain macroeconomic environment with the impact of the 
Coronavirus crisis lingering on, bank profitability faces significant challenges to enhance cost efficiency in 
a competitive environment, and to withstand ongoing pressure on revenue growth. At the same time new 
technologies trigger new challenges to business models. Banks with a large customer and diversified income 
base are likely best suited to cope with these challenges. 
General economic environment and risks 
The global economic recovery remains in full swing, as shown by the latest releases of second-quarter GDP 
data. Major economies are nonetheless at different stages of the recovery trajectory, reflecting divergent 
pandemic and vaccination developments, as well as variations in policy support. To begin with, the US 
recorded another robust growth performance in the second quarter, driven by early progress with vaccination 
and a massive fiscal impulse. After two quarters of contraction, the euro area rebounded at a surprisingly 
strong pace amid progress in controlling the pandemic and a gradual reopening of the economies. Finally, 
China’s economic recovery is already in its advanced stage as the growth momentum peaked in late 2020 
and economic activity is now slowing on a sequential basis. 
Looking forward, the pace of the recovery is expected to remain strong but to moderate somewhat in the 
second half of the year. That is to say, both the US and the euro area move past peak growth as the reopening 
effects dissipate, implying still above-potential but slower sequential growth rates. Meanwhile, China’s 
growth is expected to normalise further on the back of some fiscal and credit tightening, exacerbated by the 
recent drag from the Delta variant. In general, emerging markets are set to see particularly uneven recovery 
paths from the pandemic. Some of the less developed economies will be the weak links in the global 
economy, as lagging vaccinations and limited policy support leave them firmly in the grips of the virus.

--- Page 343 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
336 
Overall, the economic outlook remains positive, assuming that the expansion has further to run despite being 
past peak growth in most major economies. At the same time, the rapid spread of the Delta variant of Covid-
19 has become the key concern for the global economy, creating new uncertainties around the path to 
normalisation. The highly transmissible Delta strain has become the dominant variant globally as it spreads 
quickly not only in emerging markets but also in some advanced regions with an already high level of 
immunisation. 
In addition to the rapid spread of the Delta variant, the global economy is facing increasing headwinds from 
supply chain disruptions. Against the background of strong demand conditions, many manufactures are 
unable to increase output fast enough due to pandemic-induced production cutbacks, input shortages (e.g. 
essential raw materials and most prominently semiconductors), and surging shipping costs. All this appears 
to be holding back industrial output, and weighing on growth in major economies – particularly those with 
a strong industrial backbone – as reflected by the Q2 GDP data. 
Strong inflationary pressures 
Inflationary pressures have accelerated considerably over the summer months. Headline inflation has 
reached more than a decade high in both the euro area and the US, significantly above the central banks’ 
target. Since early 2021, the rise in inflation has been mainly driven by higher energy prices and base effects 
that have yet to fully run their course. Another inflation boost is coming from the reopening of economies, 
in particular, the sectors severely hit by lockdowns where prices are normalising from depressed levels. 
Finally, unprecedented supply-chain disruptions have led to a surge in pipeline price pressures and robust 
core goods inflation across advanced economies. 
While inflation is likely to remain elevated in the remainder of 2021 and somewhat stickier also throughout 
2022, that inflation seems currently driven mostly by transitory factors. That is to say, price pressures are 
expected to moderate eventually as the energy base effects turn more favourable (with the stabilisation in 
oil prices), the disruptive effects of the pandemic ease (i.e. once ‘opening up’ is completed), and supply 
bottlenecks start to abate. Importantly, the recent surge in inflation has not dislodged inflation expectations, 
which can be viewed as another argument in favour of the temporary nature of the currently elevated 
inflation prints. 
10 
Litigation 
This section sets out material litigation to which the Guarantor or any of its companies (or certain individuals 
in their capacity as current or former employees or officers of the Guarantor or any of its companies) are 
party. It describes all claims, quantified or not, that could lead to the impairment of the company’s reputation 
or to a sanction by an external regulator or governmental authority, or that could present a risk of criminal 
conviction for the company, the members of the board or the management. 
Although the outcome of these matters is uncertain and some of the claims concern relatively substantial 
amounts in damages, the management does not believe that the liabilities arising from these claims will 
adversely affect the Guarantor’s consolidated financial position or results, given the provisions that, where 
necessary, have been set aside for these disputes. 
Lazare Kaplan International Inc. 
Lazare Kaplan International Inc. is a U.S. based diamond company (“LKI”). Lazare Kaplan Belgium NV 
is LKI’s Belgian affiliate (“LKB”). LKI and LKB together are hereinafter referred to as “LK”. The merger 
between the Guarantor and Antwerpse Diamantbank NV (“ADB”) on 1 July 2015 entails that the Guarantor 
is now a party to the proceedings below, both in its own name and in its capacity as legal successor to ADB.

--- Page 344 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
337 
However, for the sake of clarity, further reference is made to ADB on the one hand and the Guarantor on the 
other hand as they existed at the time of the facts described. 
Fact summary 
• 
Since 2008, LKB has been involved in a serious dispute with its former business partners, DD 
Manufacturing NV and KT Collection BVBA (“Daleyot”), Antwerp based diamond companies 
belonging to Mr. Erez Daleyot. This dispute relates to a joint venture LK and Daleyot set up in Dubai 
(called “Gulfdiam”). 
• 
LKB and Daleyot became entangled in a complex litigation in Belgium, each claiming that the other 
party is their debtor. Daleyot initiated proceedings before the Commercial Court of Antwerp for 
payment of commercial invoices for an amount of (initially) approximately USD 9 million. LKB 
launched separate proceedings for payment of commercial invoices for (initially) an amount of 
approximately USD 38 million. 
• 
At the end of 2009, ADB terminated LK’s credit facilities. After LK failed to repay the amount 
outstanding of approximately USD 45 million in principal, ADB started proceedings before the 
Commercial Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp for the recovery of said amount. In a bid to prevent 
having to pay back the amount owed, LK in turn initiated several legal proceedings against ADB 
and/or the Guarantor in Belgium and the USA. These proceedings, which are summarised below, 
relate to, inter alia, the dispute between ADB and LKI with regard to the termination of the credit 
facility and the recovery of all the monies LKI owes under the terminated credit facility as well as 
allegations that LK was deprived out of circa USD 140 million by DD Manufacturing and other 
Daleyot entities in cooperation with ADB. 
Overview Legal Proceedings 
Belgian proceedings (overview per court entity) 
A.1. Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp 
On 16 March 2010, proceedings were initiated by ADB against LKI in order to recover the monies owed to 
it under the terminated credit facility (approximately USD 45 million in principal). LKB voluntarily 
intervened in this proceeding and claimed an amount of USD 350 million from ADB. LKI launched a 
counterclaim of USD 500 million against ADB (from which it claims any amount awarded to LKB must be 
deducted). 
LKI and /or LKB started numerous satellite proceedings with the sole aim to delay the decision of the 
Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp regarding ADB’s recovery claim. (see also proceedings 
described under point A.2., A.3. and A.4.).  
Numerous times LKI and/or LKB were convicted for reckless and vexatious legal actions and were ordered 
to pay the Guarantor in damages for a total amount of EUR 495,000 and legal expenses (including the legal 
representation costs) of EUR 204,015.51 (including the amounts granted by the decisions described under 
point A.3 below). 
All decisions (45) regarding these proceedings rejected LKI and /or LKB’s claims / legal actions. Only three 
decisions were rendered in favour of LKI. The first was a decision of the United States Court of Appeals for 
the Second Circuit in 2013 whereby the RICO case was reversed and remanded back to the District Court 
on legal technical grounds. The second decision was the ruling of Court of Cassation dated 19 December 
2019, which only partially annulled the Antwerp Court of Appeal decision of 13 December 2018 regarding 
the lack of reasoning in relation to the order of LKI and LKB to pay damages the Guarantor for vexatious

--- Page 345 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
338 
reckless proceedings. The case was only sent to the Brussel Court of Appeal on this aspect. The third 
decision was the ruling of the Court of Cassation dated 25 January 2021 annulling the decision of the 
Antwerp Court of Appeals dated 28 February 2019 but only on technical legal grounds (see point A.3. 
below). 
As of today after almost 10 years of litigation the Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp has still not 
been able to decide on the merits of the case. On 6 October 2020, the Company Court of Antwerp ordered 
a briefing schedule inviting parties to take a position on the procedural objections invoked by LK regarding 
the handling of KBC Bank's claim by the Court.  
On 3 June 2021, the Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp declared that it has jurisdiction to rule on 
all claims and dismissed the procedural objections invoked by LK. A court hearing is set for 8 September 
2022. 
LKB has appealed against this decision. An introduction hearing before the Court of Appeals of Antwerp 
was held on 18 November 2021. 
By separate petition dated 8 November 2021, LKI also appealed the 3 June 2021 judgement. The 
introduction hearing before the Court of Appeals of Antwerp is scheduled for December 9, 2021. However, 
it is expected that both appeals filed separately by LKB and LKI against the same judgment will be merged 
by the Antwerp Court of Appeals to be heard together. 
A.2. Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp 
On 28 July 2014, LK launched proceedings against ADB and certain Daleyot entities. This claim is aimed 
at having certain transactions of the Daleyot entities declared null and void or at least not opposable against 
LK. 
LK also filed a damage claim against ADB for a provisional amount of USD 60 million based on the alleged 
third party complicity of ADB. This case is still pending. The court postponed the case sine die. 
A.3. Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp 
On 10 December 2014, LKB filed a proceeding against ADB and the Guarantor claiming an amount of 
approximately USD 77 million, based on the allegedly wrongful grant and maintenance of credit facilities 
by ADB and the Guarantor to the Daleyot entities. In its last court brief LK claims an additional amount of 
approximately USD 5 million. 
By decision of 7 February 2017, the Commercial Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp (now Company Court 
of Antwerp, section Antwerp) dismissed LKB’s claim. Moreover, the Court decided that the proceedings 
initiated by LKB were reckless and vexatious and ordered LKB to pay EUR 250,000 in damages, as well as 
the maximum legal representation cost of EUR 72,000. 
LKB appealed against the decision of 7 February 2017. On 28 February 2019, the Antwerp Court of Appeals 
dismissed LKB’s appeal. LKB was ordered to pay the legal representation cost for the appeal proceedings 
of EUR 18,000. On 18 June 2019 LKB initiated proceedings before the Court of Cassation against the 
decision of the Antwerp Court of Appeals dated 28 February 2019. These proceedings are still pending. 
LKI – which was not a party to the first instance proceedings – commenced third-party opposition 
proceedings against the same decision with the Commercial Court (now Company Court). By decision of 7 
May 2019, the Company Court dismissed the third- party opposition proceedings initiated by LKI. The 
Court ordered LKI to pay the legal representation cost of EUR 1,440.  
A.4. Criminal complaint

--- Page 346 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
339 
On 13 October 2016 LK filed a criminal complaint with the Investigating Magistrate at the Dutch speaking 
Court of First Instance of Brussels against the Guarantor.  
On 9 April 2019 LK filed an additional complaint with the same Investigation Magistrate against KBC Bank 
NV and certain of its (former) employees. The criminal complaints are based, inter alia, on: embezzlement, 
theft and money-laundering 
On 29 September 2021, KBC Bank received notification that the chambers section of the Criminal Court of 
Brussels will decide on the closure of the criminal investigation and on the regulation of procedure (either 
dismissal of charges or referral to the criminal court). 
Bernard L. Madoff Investments Securities LLC and Bernard L. Madoff 
On 6 October 2011, Irving H. Picard, trustee for the substantively consolidated SIPA (Securities Investor 
Protection Corporation Act) liquidation of Bernard L. Madoff Investments Securities LLC and Bernard L. 
Madoff, sued KBC Investments Ltd (a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Bank) before the bankruptcy court 
in New York to recover approximately USD 110,000,000 worth of transfers made to KBC entities. The basis 
for this claim were the subsequent transfers that KBC Investments Ltd had received from Harley 
International, a Madoff feeder fund established under the laws of the Cayman Islands. This claim is one of 
a whole set made by the trustee against several banks, hedge funds, feeder funds and investors. In addition 
to the issues addressed by the district court, briefings were held on the applicability of the Bankruptcy Code's 
‘safe harbor’ and ‘good defenses’ rules to subsequent transferees (as is the case for KBC Investments Ltd). 
KBC Investments Ltd, together with numerous other defendants, filed motions for dismissal. District court 
Judge Jed Rakoff has made several intermediate rulings in this matter, the most important of which are the 
rulings on extraterritoriality and good faith defences. 
On 27 April 2014, Judge Rakoff issued an opinion and order regarding the ‘good faith’ standard and pleading 
burden to be applied in the Picard/SIPA proceeding based on sections 548(b) and 559(b) of the Bankruptcy 
Code. As such, the burden of proof that lies on Picard/SIPA is that KBC Investments Ltd should have been 
aware of the fraud perpetrated by Madoff. On 7 July 2014, Judge Rakoff ruled that Picard/SIPA’s reliance 
on section 550(a) does not allow for the recovery of subsequent transfers received abroad by a foreign 
transferee from a foreign transferor (as is the case for KBC Investments Ltd.). Therefore, the trustee’s 
recovery claims have been dismissed to the extent that they seek to recover purely foreign transfers. In June 
2015, the trustee filed a petition against KBC Investments Ltd to overturn the ruling that the claim fails on 
extraterritoriality grounds. In this petition, the trustee also amended the original claim including the sum 
sought. The amount has been increased to USD 196,000,000. 
On 21 November 2016, Judge Bernstein issued a memorandum decision regarding claims to recover foreign 
subsequent transfers, including the transfers which the trustee seeks to recover from KBC Investments Ltd. 
In this memorandum decision, Judge Bernstein concluded that the trustee’s claims based on foreign transfers 
should be dismissed out of concern for international comity and ordered a dismissal of the action against 
KBC Investments Ltd. and on 3 March 2017, the Bankruptcy Court issued an appealable order denying the 
Madoff Trustee's request for leave to amend his Complaint and dismissing the Complaint. On 16 March 
2017 the trustee Picard filed an appeal of dismissal, on 27 September 2017 the Second Circuit granted trustee 
Picard’s petition for a direct appeal, on 10 January 2018 trustee Picard filed his opening brief in appeal to 
Second Circuit. 
Briefing in the appeal was completed on 8 May 2018, and the Second Circuit held oral argument on 16 
November 2018.

--- Page 347 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
340 
On 28 February 2019 the Second Circuit reversed the Bankruptcy Court’s dismissal of the actions against 
KBC Investments Ltd on extraterritoriality and international comity grounds. The action against KBC 
Investments Ltd has therefore been remanded back to the Bankruptcy Court for further proceedings. 
In April 2019 a request for rehearing was denied. 
On 30 August 2019, a petition for writ of certiorari was filed with the U.S. Supreme Court to consider the 
appeal and reverse the Second Circuit decision by the joint defence group. 
On 10 December 2019, the U.S. Supreme Court entered a brief order inviting the U.S. Solicitor General to 
file a brief expressing the views of the United States Government. 
On 10 April 2020 the United States Solicitor General filed a brief recommending that the Supreme Court 
deny the Madoff defendants’ petition for a writ of certiorari. On 2 June 2020, the U.S. Supreme Court denied 
the petition. As a consequence the merits of the case will be handled by the Bankruptcy Court. 
KBC still believes there is a strong basis to get the action against KBC dismissed as there are a number of 
other defences that can be raised together with the joint defence group. The procedure may still take several 
years. 
11 
Financial Information of the Guarantor 
Financial statements 
The Guarantor’s 2019 Annual Report and the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report contain: 
• 
the Guarantor’s audited consolidated financial statements drawn up in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) for the last two financial years (2019 and 2020); and 
• 
the Guarantor’s audited non-consolidated financial statements drawn up in accordance with Belgian 
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”) for the last two financial years (2019 and 
2020). 
These annual reports of the Guarantor are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in 
the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 50 to 52 of this Base Prospectus. 
Audit and review by the Guarantor’s statutory auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV (erkend revisor/réviseur agréé), represented by R. Jeanquart 
and G. Joos, with offices at Culliganlaan 5, 1831 Diegem, Belgium (“PwC”), has been appointed as auditor 
of the Guarantor for the financial years 2016-2018 and this appointment has been extended for the financial 
years 2019-2021. The financial statements of the Guarantor have been audited in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing by PwC for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2020 and resulted in an unqualified audit opinion (with an emphasis of matter paragraph on the 
financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2019). 
PwC is a member of the Instituut van de Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises. 
The report of the Guarantor’s auditor on (i) the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2020 and (ii) the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor for 
the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 are incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus (as set out in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 50 to 
52 of this Base Prospectus), with the consent of the auditor. 
Changes since the most recent published financial statements

--- Page 348 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
341 
Save as disclosed in the section entitled “Recent events” on pages 335 and following of the Base Prospectus, 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor since 31 December 2020, i.e. 
the date of its last published audited financial statements. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group nor in the solvency of the 
Guarantor since 31 December 2020, i.e. the end of the last financial period for which financial information 
has been published.

--- Page 349 ---
Taxation 
 
342 
TAXATION 
This section sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to the Notes. 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the Issuer’s 
country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequence of 
purchasing, holding or selling the Notes under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident, including, 
without limitation, the consequences of receipt of Interest Amounts and premium, if any, on and sale or 
redemption of, the Notes or any Interest Amounts therein. The discussions that follow do not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, hold or 
sell Notes. In particular, these discussions do not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply 
to a purchaser of the Notes. The discussions that follow for each jurisdiction are based upon the applicable 
laws and interpretations thereof as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus. These tax laws and 
interpretations are subject to change, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
Belgium 
The following overview describes the principal Belgian tax considerations with respect to the holding of Notes. 
This information is of a general nature based on the Issuer’s understanding of current law and practice and 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
decision to acquire, to hold or to dispose of the Notes. In some cases, different rules can be applicable. This 
overview does not describe the tax consequences for a holder of Notes that are redeemable in exchange for, or 
convertible into assets, of the exercise, settlement or redemption of such Notes or any tax consequences after 
the moment of exercise, settlement or redemption. The overview is based on laws, treaties and regulatory 
interpretations in effect in Belgium on the date of this Base Prospectus, all of which can be amended in the 
future and possibly implemented with retroactive effect. Furthermore, the interpretation of the tax rules may 
change. Investors should appreciate that, as a result of evolutions in law or practice, the eventual tax 
consequences may be different from what is stated below. 
Each prospective holder of Notes should consult a professional adviser with respect to the tax consequences of 
an investment in the Notes, taking into account the influence of each regional, local or national law. 
For the purpose of this overview, a Belgian resident is an individual subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(“Personenbelasting”/“Impôt des personnes physiques”) (that is, an individual who is domiciled in Belgium 
or has their seat of wealth in Belgium or a person assimilated to a resident for the purposes of Belgian tax law), 
a company subject to Belgian corporate income tax (“Vennootschapsbelasting”/“Impôt des sociétés”) (that is, 
a corporate entity that has its main establishment, its administrative seat or seat of management in Belgium), an 
Organisation for Financing Pensions subject to Belgian corporate income tax (that is, a Belgian pension fund 
incorporated under the form of an Organisation for Financing Pensions (an “OFP”)), or a legal entity subject 
to Belgian income tax on legal entities (“Rechtspersonenbelasting”/“Impôt des personnes morales”) (that is, 
a legal entity other than a company subject to Belgian corporate income tax, that has its main establishment, its 
administrative seat or seat of management in Belgium). A Belgian non-resident is any person that is not a 
Belgian resident. 
In accordance with Belgian tax law, the following amounts are qualified and taxable as “interest”: (i) periodic 
interest income, (ii) amounts paid by the Issuer in excess of the issue price (whether or not on the maturity 
date), and (iii) if the Notes qualify as “fixed income securities” (in the meaning of article 2, §1, 8° of the Belgian 
Income Tax Code), in case of a realisation of the Notes between two interest payment dates, the pro rata of

--- Page 350 ---
Taxation 
 
343 
accrued interest corresponding to the detention period. “Fixed income securities” are defined as bonds, specific 
debt certificates issued by banks (“kasbon”/”bon de caisse”) and other similar securities, including securities 
where income is capitalised or securities which do not generate a periodic payment of income, but are issued 
with a discount corresponding to the capitalised interest up to the maturity date of the security.  
Withholding Tax and Income Tax 
Tax rules applicable to natural persons resident in Belgium 
Belgian natural persons who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. who are subject to the Belgian personal 
income tax (“Personenbelasting”/”Impôt des personnes physiques”) and who hold the Notes as a private 
investment, are subject to the following tax treatment in Belgium with respect to the Notes. Other tax rules 
apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Notes as a private investment. 
Payments of Interest Amounts on the Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium will in principle be subject 
to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium (calculated on the Interest Amount received after deduction of any 
non-Belgian withholding taxes). The Belgian withholding tax constitutes the final income tax for Belgian 
resident individuals. This means that they do not have to declare the Interest Amounts obtained on the Notes in 
their personal income tax return, provided withholding tax was levied on these interest payments. They may 
nevertheless elect to declare Interest Amounts in respect of the Notes in their personal income tax return. 
If the Interest Amounts are paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent, the Interest 
Amounts received (after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding tax) must be declared in the personal 
income tax return. Interest income which is declared in the annual personal income tax return will in principle 
be taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent. or at the progressive personal tax rate taking into account the taxpayer’s 
other declared income, whichever is more beneficial. No local surcharges will be due. If the interest payment 
is declared, any Belgian withholding tax retained is creditable in accordance with the applicable legal 
provisions. 
Capital gains realised on the transfer of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains are realised 
outside the scope of the management of one’s private estate or unless and to the extent the capital gains qualify 
as interest (as defined above). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Belgian resident companies 
Corporate Noteholders who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. who are subject to Belgian corporate 
income tax (“Vennootschapsbelasting”/“Impôt des sociétés”) are subject to the following tax treatment in 
Belgium with respect to the Notes. Different rules apply to companies subject to a special tax regime, such as 
investment companies within the meaning of article 185bis of the Belgian Income Tax Code 1992 (“Wetboek 
van de inkomstenbelastingen 1992”/“Code des impôts sur les revenus 1992”). 
Interest derived by Belgian corporate investors on the Notes and capital gains realised on the Notes are taxable 
at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of 25%. Subject to certain conditions, a reduced corporate income tax 
rate of 20% as of 2020 applies for small enterprises (as defined by Article 1:24, §1 to §6 of the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code (“Wetboek van vennootschappen en verenigingen”/“Code des sociétés et 
associations”)) on the first EUR 100,000 of taxable profits. 
Capital losses are in principle deductible.  
Interest payments on the Notes (except Zero Coupon Notes and other Notes which provide for the capitalisation 
of interest) made through a paying agent in Belgium can, under certain circumstances, be exempt from 
withholding tax, provided a special certificate is delivered. Any Belgian withholding tax that has been levied 
by, for example, an intervening Belgian paying agent is creditable in accordance with the applicable legal 
provisions.

--- Page 351 ---
Taxation 
 
344 
Belgian legal entities 
Legal entity Noteholders who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. who are subject to Belgian tax on legal 
entities (“Rechtspersonenbelasting”/“Impôt des personnes morales”) are subject to the following tax treatment 
in Belgium with respect to the Notes. 
Payments of Interest Amounts on the Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium will in principle be subject 
to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium and no further tax on legal entities will be due on the Interest 
Amounts.  
However, if the Interest Amounts are paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent 
and without the deduction of the Belgian withholding tax due, the legal entity itself is required to declare and 
pay the 30 per cent. withholding tax to the Belgian tax authorities. 
Capital gains realised on the transfer of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless and to the extent the capital 
gain qualifies as interest (as defined above). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Organisation for Financing Pensions 
Belgian pension fund entities that have the form of an OFP within the meaning of the Law of 27 October 2006 
on the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement provision are subject to Belgian 
corporate income tax (“Vennootschapsbelasting”/“Impôt des sociétés”). OFPs are subject to the following tax 
treatment in Belgium with respect to the Notes. 
Interest Amounts derived by OFP Noteholders on the Notes and capital gains realised on the Notes will in 
principle not be subject to Belgian corporate income tax. Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Any Belgian withholding tax that has been levied by, for example, an intervening Belgian paying agent is 
creditable, in accordance with the applicable legal provisions. 
Belgian non-residents 
The interest income on the Notes paid through a professional intermediary in Belgium will, in principle, be 
subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax, unless the Noteholder is resident in a country with which Belgium has 
concluded a double taxation agreement and delivers the requested affidavit, or unless a domestic exemption 
applies. If the income is not collected through a financial institution or other intermediary established in 
Belgium, no Belgian withholding tax should generally be due. 
Non-residents who use the Notes to exercise a professional activity in Belgium through a permanent 
establishment are subject to the same tax rules as Belgian resident companies (see above). Non-resident 
Noteholders who do not allocate the Notes to a professional activity in Belgium are not subject to Belgian 
income tax, save, as the case may be, for tax applied in the form of withholding tax. 
Pursuant to the law of 16 December 2015 implementing into Belgian national law the provisions of the Directive 
2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in direct taxation (see the section “Common Reporting Standard – 
Exchange of information” below), Belgian financial institutions are required to report, according to a due 
diligence standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, 
account balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and 
other income generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. 
Reportable accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities with fiscal residence in another EU 
Member State. 
In addition to the aforementioned Belgian withholding tax of 30 per cent., interest amounts and gross proceeds 
derived from Notes held on or through accounts with, for example,. a Belgian financial institution may therefore 
be subject to a system of automatic exchange of information between the relevant tax authorities.

--- Page 352 ---
Taxation 
 
345 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
A tax on stock exchange transactions (“taks op beursverrichtingen”/“taxe sur les opérations de bourse”) will 
be levied on the purchase and sale of the Notes on the secondary market if (i) executed in Belgium through a 
professional intermediary, or (ii) deemed to be executed in Belgium, which is the case if the order is directly or 
indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium, either by private individuals with 
habitual residence in Belgium, or legal entities for the account of their seat or establishment in Belgium (both 
referred to as a “Belgian Investor”).  
The tax is generally due at a rate 0.12 per cent. for transactions in debt instruments and at a rate of 0.35 per 
cent. for transactions in other securities, with a maximum amount per transaction and per party of EUR 1,300 
for debt instruments and EUR 1,600 for other securities. The tax is due separately from each party to any such 
transaction (i.e. the seller (transferor) and the purchaser (transferee)), both collected by the professional 
intermediary. No tax will be due on the issuance of the Notes (primary market). 
If the intermediary is established outside of Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions is due by the 
Belgian Investor, unless the Belgian Investor can demonstrate that the tax on stock exchange transactions has 
already been paid by the professional intermediary established outside Belgium. In such case, the foreign 
professional intermediary also has to provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with a 
qualifying order statement (“bordereau”/“borderel”), at the latest on the business day after the day the relevant 
transaction was realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and a duplicate must be 
retained by the financial intermediary. The duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying day-today listing, 
numbered in series. Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside Belgium could appoint a stock 
exchange tax representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and formalities (“Stock Exchange Tax 
Representative”). Such Stock Exchange Tax Representative will then be obliged to pay the tax on stock 
exchange transactions to the Belgian Treasury and will need to comply with the reporting obligations and the 
obligations relating to the order statement (“bordereau”/“borderel”) in relation thereto. If such Stock Exchange 
Tax Representative has paid the tax on stock exchange transactions, the Belgian Investor will, as per the above, 
no longer be the debtor of the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
However, the tax on stock exchange transactions will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their own 
account including investors who are not Belgian residents provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial 
intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status and certain Belgian institutional investors as 
defined in Article 1261, 2° of the Code of Miscellaneous Duties and Taxes (“Wetboek diverse rechten en 
taksen”/“Code des droits et taxes divers”) for the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
The EU Commission has published on 14 February 2013 a proposal for a Directive (the “Draft Directive”) on 
a financial transactions tax (“FTT”). This Draft Directive currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into 
force, the participating Member States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than 
the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common 
system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions should thus be abolished once 
the FTT enters into force. The Draft Directive is still subject to negotiation between the participating Member 
States and therefore may be changed at any time. The Draft Directive is further described below (see the section 
entitled “The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”)”). 
Annual tax on securities accounts 
Following the Law of 17 February 2021, a new annual tax on securities accounts was introduced (“Jaarlijkse 
taks op de effectenrekeningen”/“Taxe annuelle sur les comptes-titres”) (the “Annual Tax on Securities 
Accounts”). The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is levied on securities accounts of which the average value 
during the reference period (i.e. a period of twelve consecutive months beginning on 1 October and ending, in 
principle, on 30 September of the next year), exceeds EUR 1,000,000. The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts

--- Page 353 ---
Taxation 
 
346 
is applicable to securities accounts that are held by resident individuals, companies and legal entities, 
irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary in Belgium or abroad. The 
Annual Tax on Securities Accounts also applies to securities accounts held by non-resident individuals, 
companies and legal entities with a financial intermediary in Belgium. However, the Annual Tax on Securities 
Accounts is not levied on securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities in the context of their 
own professional activity and for their own account. 
The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts may also apply to securities accounts on which the Notes are held, if 
the average value during the reference period exceeds EUR 1,000,000. 
The applicable tax rate is equal to the lowest amount of either 0.15% of the average value of the account or 
10% of the difference between the average value of the account and EUR 1,000,000. The tax base is the sum of 
the values of the taxable financial instruments at the different reference points in time (i.e. 31 December, 31 
March, 30 June and 30 September) divided by the number of those reference points in time. 
The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts needs to be withheld, declared and paid by the Belgian intermediary. 
Intermediaries not established or set up in Belgium have the possibility, when managing a securities account 
subject to the tax, to appoint a representative in Belgium approved by or on behalf of the Minister of Finance 
(the “Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative”). The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts 
Representative is jointly and severally liable vis-à-vis the Belgian State to declare and pay the tax and to fulfil 
all other obligations for intermediaries related to the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts, such as compliance 
with certain reporting obligations. In cases where no intermediary has withheld, declared and paid the Annual 
Tax on Securities Accounts, the holder of the securities account needs to declare and pay the tax, unless they 
can prove that the tax has already been withheld, declared and paid by either a Belgian intermediary or Annual 
Tax on Securities Accounts Representative of a foreign intermediary. 
A retroactive anti-abuse provision, which has applied since 30 October 2020, targets (i) the splitting of a 
securities account into multiple accounts held with the same financial intermediary and (ii) the conversion of 
taxable financial instruments into registered financial instruments. Furthermore, a general anti-abuse provision 
was introduced. 
Investors should consult their own tax advisers in relation to this Annual Tax on Securities Accounts. 
Gift, estate or inheritance tax 
Except for the gift tax payable in the case of a gift by deed made in Belgium, no gift, estate or inheritance tax 
is due in Belgium in respect of Notes, unless a Noteholder is resident in Belgium at the time of their death. 
United Kingdom 
The comments below are of a general nature based on current United Kingdom tax law as applied in England 
and Wales and HM Revenue & Customs' published practice (which may not be binding on HM Revenue & 
Customs, both of which are subject to change (possibly with retrospective effect), and are not intended to be 
exhaustive. They assume that neither Interest Amounts on the Notes nor payments in respect of the Guarantee 
have a United Kingdom source and, in particular, that neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is United Kingdom 
resident or acts through a permanent establishment in the United Kingdom in relation to the Notes. Any 
Noteholders who are in doubt as to their own tax position should consult their professional advisers. 
Interest on the Notes 
Payments of Interest Amounts on the Notes by the Issuer may be made without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of United Kingdom income tax.

--- Page 354 ---
Taxation 
 
347 
Payments in respect of the Guarantee 
Any payments in respect of the Guarantee may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
United Kingdom income tax. 
Luxembourg  
The following overview is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It is based 
on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, 
legal or tax advice. Prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers 
as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other 
charge or withholding of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or 
concepts only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax 
(impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity 
surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l'emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. 
Investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. 
Corporate income taxes, municipal business tax, as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most 
corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to 
personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer 
acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax may 
apply as well. 
Withholding Tax 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and subject to the exception below, there is no Luxembourg 
withholding tax on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) or repayment of principal. 
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended, interest payments made by Luxembourg paying 
agents to individual beneficial owners which are residents in Luxembourg are currently subject to a 20 per cent. 
withholding tax. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an 
individual acting in the course of the management of their private wealth. Responsibility for withholding such 
tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Income Taxation on Principal, Interest, Gains on Sales or Redemption 
Luxembourg tax residency of the Noteholders 
Noteholders will not be deemed to be resident, domiciled or carrying on business in Luxembourg solely by 
reason of holding, execution, performance, delivery, exchange and/or enforcement of the Notes. 
Taxation of Luxembourg non-residents 
Noteholders who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who do not have a permanent establishment, a 
permanent representative or a fixed base of business in Luxembourg with which the holding of the Notes is 
connected, will not be subject to taxes (income taxes and net wealth tax) or duties in Luxembourg with respect 
to payments of principal or interest (including accrued but unpaid interest), payments received upon redemption, 
repurchase or exchange of the Notes or capital gains realised upon disposal or repayment of the Notes. 
A non-resident corporate holder of Notes or an individual holder of Notes acting in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, who has a permanent establishment or permanent 
representative in Luxembourg to which or to whom such Notes are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg

--- Page 355 ---
Taxation 
 
348 
income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes and on 
any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes. 
Taxation of Luxembourg residents 
Noteholders who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income tax on repayment 
of principal. 
Luxembourg resident individual holder of Notes 
Interest received by an individual resident in Luxembourg is, in principle, reportable and taxable at the 
progressive rate unless the interest has been subject to withholding tax (see above “Withholding Tax”) or to the 
self-applied tax, if applicable. Indeed, in accordance with the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as 
amended, Luxembourg resident individuals, acting in the framework of their private wealth, can opt to self-
declare and pay a 20 per cent. tax on interest payments made by paying agents located in an EU Member State 
other than Luxembourg or a Member State of the European Economic Area other than an EU Member State. 
The withholding tax or self-applied tax are the final tax liability for the Luxembourg individual resident 
taxpayers receiving the interest payment in the framework of their private wealth. Individual Luxembourg 
resident Noteholders receiving the interest as business income must include this interest in their taxable basis. 
If applicable, the 20 per cent. Luxembourg withholding tax levied will be credited against their final income 
tax liability. 
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders are not subject to taxation on capital gains upon the disposal of 
the Notes, unless the disposal of the Notes precedes the acquisition of the Notes or the Notes are disposed of 
within six months of the date of acquisition of these Notes.  
Upon the sale, redemption or exchange of the Notes, accrued but unpaid interest will be subject to the 20 per 
cent. withholding tax or the self-applied tax, if applicable. Individual Luxembourg resident Noteholders 
receiving the interest as business income must include the portion of the price corresponding to this interest in 
their taxable income. The 20 per cent. Luxembourg withholding tax levied will be credited against their final 
income tax liability. 
Luxembourg resident corporate holder of Notes 
Luxembourg resident corporate Noteholders must for income tax purposes include in their taxable income any 
interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) as well as the difference between the sale or redemption price 
and the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes sold or redeemed.  
Luxembourg resident corporate Noteholders which are companies benefiting from a special tax regime (such 
as, (i) family wealth management companies subject to the law of 11 May 2007, as amended, (ii) undertakings 
for collective investment subject to the law of 17 December 2010, as amended, (iii) specialised investment 
funds subject to the law of 13 February 2007, as amended, or (iv) reserved alternative investment funds 
governed by the law of 23 July 2016, as amended, provided it is not foreseen in the incorporation documents 
that (a) the exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that (b) article 48 of the law of 23 July 2016 
applies) are tax exempt entities in Luxembourg, and are thus not subject to any Luxembourg tax (i.e. corporate 
income tax, municipal business tax and net wealth tax) other than an annual subscription tax. 
Net Wealth tax 
Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on the Notes held by an individual Noteholder or a corporate 
Noteholder, unless (a) such Noteholder is a Luxembourg resident other than a corporate Noteholder governed 
by (i) the laws of 17 December 2010, as amended and 13 February 2007 on undertakings for collective 
investment, as amended; (ii) the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended; (iii) the law of 15 June

--- Page 356 ---
Taxation 
 
349 
2004 on the investment company in risk capital, as amended; (iv) the law of 11 May 2007 on family wealth 
management companies, as amended; or (v) the law of 23 July 2016 on the reserved alternative investment 
funds, as amended, or (b) the Notes are attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on in 
Luxembourg through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative of a non resident corporate 
Noteholder. 
Luxembourg levies a minimum net wealth tax for corporate taxpayers, which is due even if the net asset value 
of the corporate taxpayer is nil or negative. This minimum net wealth tax amounts to a EUR 4,815 flat rate for 
corporate taxpayers whose total assets amount to at least EUR 350,000 and at least 90% of the corporate 
taxpayer’s assets are financial assets falling within the meaning of accounts 23, 41, 50 and 51 of the 
Luxembourg standard chart of accounts (“Plan Comptable Normalisé”). 
In all other cases, corporate taxpayers are subject to a minimum net wealth tax ranging from EUR 535 to 
EUR 32,100. All Luxembourg corporate taxpayers that are subject to net wealth tax are also subject to minimum 
net wealth tax.  
Additionally, please note that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, 
as amended, capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on the investment company in risk capital, 
as amended, and reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016, as amended 
(provided it is foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in risk 
capital and that (ii) article 48 of the law of 23 July 2016 applies) may be subject to an annual minimum net 
wealth tax. 
Other taxes 
No stamp, registration, transfer or similar taxes or duties will be payable in Luxembourg by Noteholders in 
connection with the issue of the Notes, nor will any of these taxes be payable as a consequence of a subsequent 
transfer or redemption of the Notes, unless the documents relating to the Notes are voluntarily registered in 
Luxembourg or appended to a document that requires obligatory registration in Luxembourg. 
There is no Luxembourg value added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the issuance of 
the Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes or the transfer of the Notes. 
Luxembourg value added tax may, however, be payable in respect of fees charged for certain services rendered 
to the Issuer, if for Luxembourg value added tax purposes such services are rendered or are deemed to be 
rendered in Luxembourg and an exemption from Luxembourg value added tax does not apply with respect to 
such services. 
Noteholders not permanently resident in Luxembourg at the time of death will not be subject to inheritance or 
other similar taxes in Luxembourg in respect of the Notes. No Luxembourg gift tax is levied upon a gift or 
donation of the Notes, if the gift is not passed before a Luxembourg notary or recorded in a deed registered in 
Luxembourg. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”)  
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, 
Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and the Slovak Republic. In December 2015 
Estonia withdrew from the group of states willing to introduce the FTT (the “Participating Member States”).  
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.

--- Page 357 ---
Taxation 
 
350 
The proposed FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the Participating 
Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party is a financial 
institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial institution may be, 
or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including 
(a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States, and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Common Reporting Standard – Exchange of information 
The exchange of information is governed by the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”). As of 12 August 2021, 
112 jurisdictions have signed the multilateral competent authority agreement (“MCAA”), which is a 
multilateral framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the 
subsequent bilateral exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent 
notifications.  
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due diligence 
standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, account 
balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and other income 
generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. Reportable 
accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal 
residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look through passive entities to report 
on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in 
direct taxation (“DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information between 
the EU Member States as foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation 
in direct taxation, Directive 2011/16/EU. DAC2 requires EU member states to establish an automatic exchange 
of information effective as of 1 January 2016 (and in the case of Austria as of 1 January 2017). 
On 27 May 2015, Switzerland signed an agreement with the European Union in order to implement, as of 
1 January 2017, an automatic exchange of financial information based on the CRS. This new agreement 
replaces the agreement on the taxation of savings that entered into force in 2005. 
Luxembourg implemented the provisions of DAC2 as well as the MCAA into domestic law on 
18 December 2015. 
The Belgian government implemented DAC2 and the CRS, pursuant to the law of 16 December 2015 regarding 
the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial institutions and by the Belgian tax 
administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information on an international level and for tax 
purposes (the “Law of 16 December 2015”). 
The Notes are subject to DAC2 and to the Law of 16 December 2015. Under DAC2 and the Law of 16 
December 2015, Belgian financial institutions holding the Notes for tax residents in another CRS contracting 
state shall report financial information regarding the Notes (e.g. in relation to income and gross proceeds) to 
the Belgian competent authority, who shall communicate the information to the competent authority of the state 
of the tax residence of the beneficial owner. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers.

--- Page 358 ---
Taxation 
 
351 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
withholding may be required on, among other things, (i) certain payments made by “foreign financial 
institutions” (“foreign passthru payments”) and (ii) dividend equivalent payments (as described below in the 
section entitled “U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding”), in each case, to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these 
purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Luxembourg) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign 
financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes.  
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. If withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign passthru payments or payments of gross proceeds from 
the disposition of Notes that generate dividend equivalent payments, such withholding would not apply prior 
to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised 
as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or before the relevant 
grandfathering date would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified 
after such date. The grandfathering date for (A) Notes that give rise solely to foreign passthru payments, is the 
date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term foreign passthru 
payment are filed with the Federal Register, and (B) Notes that give rise to a dividend equivalent pursuant to 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder, is six months after the date on which obligations of its type are first treated as giving rise to dividend 
equivalents. If additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues”) that 
are not distinguishable from such previously issued grandfathered Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding 
under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding. 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 treats a “dividend equivalent” payment as a dividend 
from sources within the United States that is generally subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax which may 
be reduced by an applicable tax treaty, eligible for credit against other U.S. tax liabilities or refunded, provided 
that the beneficial owner timely claims a credit or refund from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”). A 
“dividend equivalent” payment is (i) a substitute dividend payment made pursuant to a securities lending or a 
sale-repurchase transaction that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the 
payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, (ii) a payment made pursuant to a “specified 
notional principal contract” that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the 
payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, and (iii) any other payment determined by the 
IRS to be substantially similar to a payment described in (i) or (ii). U.S. Treasury regulations issued under 
Section 871(m) and applicable guidance (the “Section 871(m) Regulations”) require withholding on certain

--- Page 359 ---
Taxation 
 
352 
non-U.S. holders of Notes with respect to amounts treated as dividend equivalent payments. Under the Section 
871(m) Regulations, only a Note that has an expected economic return sufficiently similar to that of the 
underlying U.S. security, based on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) Regulations, will be subject to the 
Section 871(m) withholding regime (making such security a “Specified Note”). Certain exceptions to this 
withholding requirement apply, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made on, or 
upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition of, the Specified Note. If the underlying U.S. security or 
securities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified Note, withholding generally will still 
be required even if the Specified Note does not provide for payments explicitly linked to dividends. 
Additionally, the Issuer may withhold the full 30 per cent. tax on any payment on the Notes in respect of any 
dividend equivalent arising with respect to such Notes regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such 
withholding otherwise available under applicable law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where a non-U.S. 
holder is eligible for a reduced tax rate under an applicable tax treaty with the United States). A non-U.S. holder 
may be able to claim a refund of any excess withholding provided the required information is timely furnished 
to the IRS. Refund claims are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and there can be no assurance that a particular 
refund claim will be timely paid or paid at all. If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that withholding 
is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with 
respect to amounts so withheld. 
The Section 871(m) Regulations generally apply to Specified Notes issued on or after 1 January 2017. If the 
terms of a Note are subject to a “significant modification” (as defined for U.S. tax purposes), the Note generally 
would be treated as retired and reissued on the date of such modification for purposes of determining, based on 
economic conditions in effect at that time, whether such Note is a Specified Note. Similarly, if additional Notes 
of the same series are issued (or deemed issued for U.S. tax purposes, such as certain sales of Notes out of 
inventory) after the original issue date, the IRS could treat the issue date for determining whether the existing 
Notes are Specified Notes as the date of such subsequent sale or issuance. Consequently, a previously out of 
scope Note might be treated as a Specified Note following such modification or further issuance.  
In addition, payments on the Specified Notes may be calculated by reference to dividends on underlying U.S. 
securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, 
the holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any dividend 
equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986) in respect of 
the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the 
Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that Notes are Specified Notes and 
may specify contact details for obtaining additional information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to 
Notes. A non-U.S. holder of Specified Notes should expect to be subject to withholding in respect of any 
underlying dividend-paying U.S. securities. The Issuer's determination is binding on non-U.S. holders of Notes, 
but it is not binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) Regulations require complex calculations to be made with 
respect to Notes linked to U.S. securities and their application to a specific issue of Notes may be uncertain. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) to 
the Notes.

--- Page 360 ---
Subscription and sale 
 
353 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
This section provides an overview of certain restrictions around who can purchase the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may agree to reimburse a Dealer for certain of its expenses in connection with the 
issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify such Dealer against certain liabilities incurred by it in 
connection therewith. 
The issue price and/or offer price of any issue of Notes may include subscription fees, placement fees, direction 
fees, structuring fees and/or other additional costs. Any such fees and/or other commissions and inducements 
will be disclosed to investors in the applicable Final Terms.  
General 
Each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge 
and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any 
consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, 
offers, sales or deliveries. None of the Issuer, Guarantor and any other Dealer shall have any responsibility 
therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any Dealer represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer(s) will be required to comply with such other restrictions as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
In particular (but without limiting the generality of the above), subject to any amendment or supplement which 
may be agreed with the Issuer and the Guarantor in respect of the issue of any Tranche, each Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to agree, to comply with the following provisions except to the extent 
that, as a result of any change in, or the official interpretation of, any applicable laws and/or regulations, non-
compliance would not result in any breach of the applicable laws and/or regulations. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 361 ---
Subscription and sale 
 
354 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”); 
and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(A) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a “Public Offer”), following 
the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the 
competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and 
notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or 
final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public 
Offer; 
(B) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(C) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(D) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
• 
the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and it will not offer or sell the 
Notes to, any consumer (“consument”/“consommateur”) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law (“Wetboek van economisch recht”/“Code de droit économique”) in Belgium.

--- Page 362 ---
Subscription and sale 
 
355 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in certain transactions not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended, and U.S. Treasury regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer appointed under the Programme has agreed, that it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (i) as 
part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the 
offering of any identificable Tranche and the issue date (the “Resale Restriction Termination Date”), within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes before the 
Resale Restriction Termination Date a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of the Notes, an offer or sale of 
such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements under the Securities 
Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or

--- Page 363 ---
Subscription and sale 
 
356 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
• 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 364 ---
General information 
   
357 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
This section provides certain additional general information relating to all Notes. 
Authorisation  
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by written resolutions of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 17 January 2022. The giving of the Guarantee has been authorised by 
resolutions of the Guarantor’s Executive Committee dated 10 October 2017 and 4 December 2018 and a 
decision of the Group Treasurer dated 10 January 2022. 
Approval, listing and admission to trading of Notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Application has been made to the CSSF for the approval of this document as a base prospectus for the purposes 
of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of approval of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, on the specific 
segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to which only qualified investors (as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access (the “Professional Segment”). The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection on the website of the Guarantor (www.kbc.com) (where applicable, 
with an English translation thereof): 
(i) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer and the constitutional documents of the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement (including (as Schedules) the forms of the Temporary Global Note, the 
Permanent Global Note, the Definitive Note, the Coupon and the Talon, the Guarantee and the Deed of 
Covenant); and 
(iii) 
any future prospectuses, base prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including Final 
Terms relating to Notes which are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
Professional Segment or offered in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (whether or not listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or, if applicable, the Professional Segment). 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate 
Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing 
system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are the entities in charge of keeping the records. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J. F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 365 ---
General information 
   
358 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been: 
(a) 
no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the KBC 
Bank Group since 31 December 2020; and 
(b) 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the KBC Bank Group since 
31 December 2020. 
Litigation  
KBC IFIMA S.A. 
Other than as set out in the section entitled “Description of the Issuer”, under the subsection entitled “Litigation” 
starting on page 308, the Issuer is not involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have or have had in 
the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer. 
KBC Bank NV 
Other than as set out in the section entitled “Description of the Guarantor”, under the subsection entitled 
“Litigation” on pages 336 to 340, the Guarantor is not involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Guarantor is aware) 
which may have or have had in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of the Guarantor. 
Statutory Auditors 
The Issuer’s financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and the related 
auditors’ reports are incorporated by reference. The financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2020 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, société coopérative 
(Cabinet de révision agréé, expert-comptable), represented by Mr. A. Dault for the year ended 31 December 
2019 and by Mr. A. Dault for the year ended 31 December 2020, members of the Institut des Réviseurs 
d’Entreprises, with offices at 2 rue Gerhard Mercator, L-1014 Luxembourg (“PwC Luxembourg”) and 
resulted, in each case, in an unqualified opinion. 
The Guarantor’s financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and the 
related auditors’ reports are incorporated by reference. The financial statements of the Guarantor for the years 
ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, members of the Instituut van de Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises, 
represented by R. Jeanquart and G. Joos, with offices at Culliganlaan 5, 1831 Diegem, Belgium (“PwC”) and 
resulted, in each case, in an unqualified opinion (with an emphasis of matter paragraph on the financial 
statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2019). 
The reports of the auditors of each of the Issuer and the Guarantor are included or incorporated by reference in 
the form and context in which they are included or incorporated by reference, with the consent of the auditors.

--- Page 366 ---
General information 
   
359 
Third party information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published 
by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issue of Notes, except if 
required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
Investors 
The Notes can be sold to retail and/or institutional investors subject to the selling restrictions set out in the 
section “Subscription and sale” of this Base Prospectus and as may be applicable for a Series of Notes. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their Affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer, the Guarantor and their 
Affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the 
Dealers and their Affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantor or their Affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
Affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer or Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuer or Guarantor consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their Affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of 
credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under 
the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their Affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the 
purposes of this paragraph, “Affiliates” means any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by a Dealer, any 
entity that controls, directly or indirectly, a Dealer or any entity directly or indirectly under common control 
with a Dealer. For these purposes “control” means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity.

--- Page 367 ---
360 
THE ISSUER 
KBC IFIMA S.A. 
4 rue du Fort Wallis 
L-2714 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
THE GUARANTOR 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
DEALER 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. 
69, route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealer as to Belgian law 
To the Dealer as to Luxembourg law 
To the Dealer as to English law 
Allen & Overy (Belgium) LLP 
Tervurenlaan 268A avenue de Tervueren 
1150 Brussels 
Belgium 
Allen & Overy SCS 
inscrite au Barreau de Luxembourg 
5 Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
To the Guarantor 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, société coopérative 
2 rue Gerhard Mercator 
L-1014 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
Culliganlaan 5 
1831 Diegem 
Belgium 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. 
69, route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg